@_author: leo_viridis
@_date: 2017-02-23 19:03:31
For reference, I've read that Bitcoin has become super popular in Venezuela with the declining power of the Bolivar, as people are using it to order food shipped in to counter the government caused food shortages. Give me a Bitcoin over a Bolivar any day. 
Like you though, as someone in a first world country I tend to compare Bitcoin to first world currencies. 
@_date: 2017-02-23 18:14:17
Thanks for the link, didn't realize there was something like that out there. Out of curiosity do you  personally treat Bitcoin as a store of value or a currency?
@_date: 2017-02-23 18:33:28
Stable relative to major reserve currencies like the American Dollar, Euro, Yen, or Pound Sterling. Currently I'd much rather have a Bitcoin then a unstable currency such as the Venezuelan Bolivar, but I would rather use one of the aforementioned currencies to spend for my day to day economic needs. As it stands I do not believe Bitcoin is yet up to par with the stability of even tier two currencies like the Yuan, the Rupee, or the Ruble. 
Your points do make sense though, I suppose that growth necessitates a certain level of instability. I just worry that most people seem to treat it more like an investment then a currency, which contributes to instability. 
@_date: 2017-02-23 19:08:19
Very interesting read. I like that they addressed BitPay, the service that lets you get paid in Bitcoin. I agree with their analysis that we are a bit far out for that still, but it sounds like there is more promise that it will be viable in the next few years then I initially believed. 
@_date: 2016-12-02 20:04:50
I find the best way to get people to see the potential of Bitcoin is to get them to stop thinking in terms of whether they'd rather have their money in American dollars or Bitcoin and instead in terms of Venezuelan bolivars or Bitcoin. Then I point out all the other weak currencies in countries with corrupt governments who might be better off keeping their money in Bitcoins and they usually realize there might be something to this whole Bitcoin thing as an international currency. 