@_author: leoace542
@_date: 2017-12-06 21:14:51
Depending on when you actually sell. You don't make any chargeable gain, unless you get rid of the asset (sell or gift). 
If you sold it before 4th of April 2017, then you need to declare it and submit the full tax return before 30th January 2018. 
I would register today, it can take over 6 weeks to verify your ID with the government. Its worst than exchanges...
Honest, if you don't submit the self return, which most normal 9-5 people don't, nothing really happens at the moment. The exception is property income, since the government have launched investigations into undeclared property income and lot of landlords have been caught by it and was forced by pay back years of property income tax along with fines. They pay get applied to bitcoin, but who knows, the bitcoin tax rules only came out in 2014 afterall. 
If you intentionally try to avoid tax, then the penalty is at least financial, from £100 to 100% of the tax as fine and other penalty. This is dealt by HMRC on a case by case. 
If it is unintentional, then they will just make you pay the tax owned, plus interest / inflation. 
Just remember, if you have not sold bitcoin, then there is no capital gain tax. 
More importantly, given your circumstance, HMRC may ask you, as someone who got paid for providing a service, why this service was not subject to VAT and why did you not declare it back then. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 18:28:26
As an accountant, I highly suggest you speak to another accountant who specializes in tax. 
In general, there are a few things, which comes into play. 
1. at the point of service, the bitcoin value should be locked in the £ value, so you pay income tax (and most likely national insurance) as if you received equivalent £. I assume you already paid these taxes, at the tax rate and allowance back then. 
2. If you are going to sell the bitcoin today, it will most likely be classified as capital gain, and you'll need to declare the capital gain on your self return for 2017/2018 tax year. The gain will probably be calculated at the value of sale less the value on the day you obtained it. the tax itself will be 18% or 28% depending on your other income and capital gains. 
Remember there is the annual allowance of £11.1k per year, so you can sell part of it now and not pay any tax if you calculate it right (just don't buy it back within 31 days though, as HMRC can use a stock rule to over ride your annual allowance). 
Then sell the remaining part next year. 
3. other factors like losses incurred from other capital gain, or other tax reliefs can help you to reduce the tax bill. This is highly dependent on your circumstances. 
The above assumes the tax rules back then is similar to the rules today. Speak to an tax specialist will help. 
As for paying, this is done through your annual self assessment form. 