@_author: leodonis
@_date: 2014-01-21 16:03:19
Yes, firmware is different than downloading app, but not a huge hurdle.
Bitcoin would not require a firmware update, just an app.  If your point is that MPESA requires a firmware update, then you have just proved that they can achieve a higher hurdle than that required by bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-21 14:48:48
I know its tough, but try to consider that there are people outside of the first world.  People that do not have credit cards or bank accounts, suffering under corrupt governments with irresponsible central banks. These are the people that truly benefit from bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-21 15:11:02
Haha, ok, didn't realize I was speaking to someone with 0 knowledge of technology / bitcoin.  
No, they don't all need new cell phones.  They are already very comfortable with digital money and have been using it for a whlie:
For bitcoin all you really need is a device capable of division (for hashing), and a random number generator would be nice (although the numbers could just be generated by hand).  
Currently the apps don't yet exist for the third world, but we are working on them.  Bitcoin is obviously in its infancy and requires additional software, but most of the third world already has sufficient infrastructure for bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-21 14:20:59
We don't need 99% of people.  Bitcoin will function perfectly fine with just 1% or even just .01%, that is still a huge amount of people.  
Unlike previous currencies, we aren't confined to any one geographical location.  It has been shown that generally when a new scientific paradigm arrives, old people don't slowly learn about it and start to accept it.  Instead they die off and are replaced by people that grew up with it.  I think bitcoin is similar, we don't need people that are 60+.  Sure some can join, but its too complex for most and they don't really need it.
Yes of course a "Black Friday" type of event is still possible, but it is also possible in the stock market, the real estate market, etc. (especially know since the Fed's absurd amount of money printing is creating a whole series of bubbles again).  In fact at this point it is probably more likely in the equities market than bitcoins.
And sure you can just cast us as "computer nerds" because you are jealous you didn't get in early, but that is definitely no longer true.  Its clear many in finance and business are taking this seriously.  
Technology will dramatically alter all aspects of the life and the economy during our lifetime.  You can either get on board and reap the rewards or cling to the old paradigms and suffer.
@_date: 2014-01-21 19:00:06
Thats definitely true right now but does not mean it will always be true.  Look, bitcoin is a very, very ambitious project started by a team with very limited resources.  It took the EU over a decade to implement the euro.
Bitcoin is not just going to be ready right away.  It requires substantial resources and time for it achieve its goals.
@_date: 2014-01-21 15:32:23
Umm correct, and you are proving my point.  You can't just pick up a phone and use it.  You have to install the app, just as you would have to install a bitcoin app.  So if they are capable of installing MPESA apps, they are also capable of installing bitcoin apps?  Do you see?
And most of the third world has cell phones.  They completely skipped landlines and went straight to cell.  They are very inexpensive. 
And also LOL, what do you think downloading an app is?  You download and install it... 