@_author: leonardisback
@_date: 2017-08-17 05:53:07
this is actually wrong. most newspapers received and still receive their revenue via advertising and, once upon a time, classified and legal notices, which are kind of like ads. anyway, subscriber fees have always made up just a fraction of newspaper revenues. and historically most traditional/respected newspapers have kept a hard wall between the editorial and the ad side of the business. you are kind of right about the internet, though. people do expect content for free. that wouldn't be such a big deal if the ad revenue news websites generated wasn't so small compared to what they use to rake in for print. (also craigslist destroyed the classified business.) and this is also why most legacy newspapers still rely on print ads to fund their operations. and the reason for that is because newspapers used to have a monopoly on news consumption (they even survived the advent of tv and radio). but the internet changed the way we consume all forms of media and obviously democratized information consumption for better and for worse, you could argue. and because of that, ad space on a digital news site just isn't as valuable as it would be in print or used to be in print. and, also, the internet provides more granular metrics for advertisers which does indeed incentivize making content for clicks. but you're also falling into the trap that a lot of people who don't intimately understand the industry do, and that's to assume media is some sort of monolith. there are a lot of reporters and editors working mostly in print/digital/radio/podcasts (I'm leaving out TV) that really give a shit about integrity, honesty, research and accuracy. and that reporting is out there. and it's being done. we just need to find a new model to support that kind of work. the old model, the ad-based funding model, doesn't work anymore. there are, however, some experiments that are working. like propublica ,for example, which is a news nonprofit. but you'll notice they tend to partner with folks like the NYTimes to expand their audience. so nonprofit is one route, but i don't think it's the entire answer, tbh. but we do need to find the answer and folks need to be willing to support content they find valuable either through subscription or some other form, idk, like sharing on social media channels, something that indicates to advertisers that this is a valuable space to place ads. anyway, i think it's really important we understand what's going on with the news industry and, again -- i want to emphasize -- good work is being done. and we need journalists. it's a cliche but it's true: a free (and funded) press is essential to democracy. also, here's some decent reading on the issue: 