@_author: leonstafford
@_date: 2014-08-29 07:35:23
The site does not lose any money when a borrower defaults. This has been an issue with BTCjam the community has raised time and time again - why do they take their cut of the loan fee *upfront* vs on repayment? Because they care little to whether someone repays or not. 
Bitlendingclub.com takes their cut on each repayment the user makes, so they have a vested interest/"skin in the game" not to allow scammers to run rampant.
BTCjam also does a good job of marketing, so there is always "fresh meat" in the form of unknowing investors ready to part with their coins, which attracts more scammers in turn. 
So long as profit of loan fees &gt; conversion cost of online marketing, it is very hard for them not to make good profits.
@_date: 2014-05-01 23:10:19
I've been a member of the site for a year. Started as an investor and am now one of the largest borrowers. Lost a few BTCs early on. Didn't cry about it too much, started to better scrutinize potential borrowers and now am turning a profit on investments and borrowing allows me to profit on other ventures where banks will not give me the credit due to being new in the country and having worked as a consultant off the books for several years. The site has sucked feature wise for a long time 2FA was sorely lacking but now exists and swift handling of an incident around Heartbleed renewed confidence in the team. We have a large community on FB, find "Investors of BTCjam" where we try to help new investors not to fall for obvious scams. People create the scams, not BTCjam, it's a platform doing what no other site comes close to right now. 
@_date: 2014-12-25 02:29:03
Hi Matt, yes, I'm active on both sites (though currently also overdue on both). 
@_date: 2014-12-24 09:07:05
I believe it's 60 days on BLC and 90 days on BJ for "defaulting" - which results in the borrower's supposed identity documents being released to investors. I've had some pretty crappy IDs released from both sites, so it is better to request these documents from the borrower directly in the beginning or using another means to verify their identity.
BJ has recently refunded some investors when there was a case of ID fraud realised (I assume this means the real ID's person complained). I don't think they can afford to refund all investors who have received fake or incomplete doxx along with the net-arb award, there are way too many.
@_date: 2014-05-02 01:02:48
There is a live chat, but not 24/7 yet...