@_author: leosces
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:24:26
A solution needs to be found where the people and the ones in control can agree on a currency. As far as cryptocurrency inflation, I wouldn't be as worried about that as getting scammed. They need to work on security and actual reliable cryptocurrencies. Not ones that are mined all in one day for millions to manipulate their own gain exactly like a banking institution would and not one that generates a large amount of cryptocurrency in its entire lifetime. Absolutely a cryptocurrency can be worthless but those are going to be the ones aforementioned above. So far well equated out cryptocurrencies are consistently good at being reasonable in their rise and crash in price. People hear the price of a bitcoin and cry inside a little. Any good cryptocurrency that isn't some elaborate long term business scam will reflect the increase in supply and drop in demand (or the other way around) by its own algorithm. Does that make sense? 
@_date: 2017-12-08 22:32:27
Cryptocurrency will one day but no time soon replace our current fiat system. For now it helps make our ridiculously inflated currency deflate a bit, those buyers drive up the price of cryptocurrency due to limited supply and high demand. When there is less money in circulation globally less people begin to buy "risky investments" like cryptocurrency and stocks, less money is in circulation. More money is printed, inflation worsens, cryptocurrency increases in price again and eats away the inflation problem until we can find a solution. I wish we could abolish fiat system but unfortunately that would mean not exactly a revolution but I don't think it'll be as easy as we hope. Too many greedy people, again.
@_date: 2017-12-08 21:49:28
I think in the time being cryptocurrencies need further research. They are technically a more secure system than private government banking systems because as long as it isn't a scam the algorithm will last for awhile creating the currency so it'll have market flexes (up down up down) AND that cryptocurrency is proofed as being there by essentially the universal world instead of some CEO of Wells Fargo that says he needs to wipe you out of all of your money. When cryptocurrencies have a better method to cold storage and safely with out a data breach accessing cold storage I do believe we will let go of a few different economical currencies. In the mean time bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies will drop in price when deflation occurs. As the banks start to make more nonexisting money (bank currency, not cryptocurrency) the inflation of our economy that we continuously face will be countered by the cryptocurrency crawling in price again, until the cycle repeats. As to when it ends I can't think of us all agreeing on one universal currency. It's ironic a "false" currency that is more real than our "real" false currency was the cure to repeat inflation. Atleast until greedy people, scammers and governments move on to it like they are already trying.
@_date: 2017-12-08 21:55:11
I try to practice not being a greedy person, thank you for the humbling reminder. 