@_author: lepton99
@_date: 2018-10-22 04:28:04
That description is equivalent to saying that computers are "just" Turing machines or economics is just studying how "people" exchange scarce "things". 
With respect to blockchain (or whatever name you want to put to the current movement), you forgot a few of the most important elements: decentralized consensus. 
I really try hard to be constructive. :) I think you are viewing this from a very narrow perspective. Nevertheless, I am happy that the debate is taking place. It shows how polarized the community is.
@_date: 2018-10-20 20:56:20
The subreddit it growing. I have added more content, links to papers, etc. So it is clear that I am not just hyping and I am serious about approaching this from a research oriented perspective.
Please feel free to join and contribute to the discussion there.
@_date: 2018-10-21 08:20:48
There are things beyond that. In particular, i like bitcoin but I am talking about blockchain in general and not limiting just to bitcoin. I have posted a few papers. I will keep posting research and comment on that in the next couple of weeks. I invite you to participate in this new subreddit.
@_date: 2018-10-22 05:08:18
Look at the shades beyond black and white and you will be surprised how interesting the world becomes :)
@_date: 2018-10-22 06:21:11
I think this exchange is not useful. If you are interested in an academic exchange of ideas, discussing recent research, even post valid well thought counterarguments, I invite you to the new subreddit.
It is ok if you are not, no worries, diversity of beliefs and ideas is very positive. What I beg you is to avoid assuming that you know how much I understand about the topics. I didn't patronized you, I was just suggesting you to look for more information, in particular exploratory research.
@_date: 2018-10-21 11:59:14
Hi kolinHall. I am not talking about ICOs or hyping nonsense. I am aware that just using there two words can result in a lot of people cringing..  
While I disagree, I invite you to a constructive discussion in this new subreddit.
In my opinion, there are multiple areas where both technologies can be combined or cooperation between research communities could be beneficial. I am looking at real technical and academic discussion around these topics not just ICO crap.
With respect to what blockchain is.. well, while what we are seeing today started as an "slow database" I do not think it is an accurate description. There are lots of technical problems and solutions that the blockchain ecosystem has contributed to and these are just the early days. One of the most interesting aspects from my personal perspective are mechanism design and its connection to reinforcement learning as well as zero-knowledge proofs or homomorphic encryption and how that could be used to have better privacy guarantees in ML systems.
I think there are multiple examples. Maybe they are a bit too academic for ICO people, but I think that there is a small group that will find research in these areas compelling and I am looking forward to discussing, learning and exchanging ideas about this.