@_author: le-redditor
@_date: 2014-02-07 23:45:07
Traditional money requires *enormous* amounts of trust. The difference is, that the identity of some of the "peers" or "nodes" in the web of trust for traditional money are extremely large instutions and the root node of trusts are ultimately central banks and the state, which earn trust through the exertion of hard power and organized violence.   When large centralized nodes of trust fail and become untrustworthy, very bad things tend to happen, because trust is derived from those who issue it.
@_date: 2014-07-18 05:59:36
Adding cancerous particles to someone's living environment is aggression. Adding information to a communications system is speech. One has been successfully empirically correlated with decreased life expectancy. The other has not. Regulating bitcoin should not be done because there are no valid empirical studies demonstrating that Bitcoin causes harm, and no large civil case law where parties are repeatedly prosecuted for the innate harm caused by its use.
It's disingenuous to equate the regulation of Bitcoin and pollution.
@_date: 2014-01-31 18:46:58
I read the entire paper. In your conclusions:


From my understanding of libertarians, the utopian incarnation of bitcoin does not seek to decouple money from all instances of "dysfunctional institutions of modern economies". "dysfunctional institutions" is an extremely broad and subjectively defined category which you have introduced. Rather, it seeks to decouple money from the much smaller subset of institutions, the subset of institutions which are objectively and observably *violently monopolistic*. In other words, state-central banks, not banks.
@_date: 2014-12-19 22:15:30
If anyone is seriously exploring a fully peer-to-peer, in-person, ride sharing service, it would probably need to include a user-friendly web-of-trust which allows users to directly trust/distrust the identity of other users. This would be in *addition* to any feedback/review/rating system implemented.
You could bootstrap the initial PKI and user base by marketing it as carpooling and gas-sharing service for direct friends. "Taxis" would be the trusted and always available friends-of-friends which emerge automatically once the userbase gets large enough.
edit: A friend-centric web of trust wouldn't work so well for snagging a ride from the airport in a different city while on a business trip or vacation. Another option would be to create a peer-to-peer marketplace for both drivers and the non-government "certificate authorities" which vouch for them.
Drivers would be able to purchase certification from any organizations willing to perform a background check and sign their public key (a string which determines their application identity). When snagging a ride, users see both the average 1-5 direct rating of each driver, and the list and 1-5 rating of every CA vouching for that driver. The average rating for each CA is simply the average rating of every driver they have ever vouched for and signed. So, even if a driver has no ratings, and you do not know anyone who has used them, if they are signed by multiple organizations which have a long history of 5 star ratings with the other drivers, they are most likely reliable.
These CAs or drivers unions would have an incredibly strong incentive to perform due diligence, and vouch for and sign the keys of only the most reliable drivers. This is because vouching for an unreliable driver could tank their permanent rating and prestige directly visible in the user interface to riders.
@_date: 2014-12-19 21:59:31
You could use a user revocable web of trust rather than a rating system, and bootstrap the initial PKI and user base by advertising it as carpooling and gas-sharing service for direct friends. "Taxis" are simply the always available friend-of-friends which emerge later on once the userbase gets large enough.
@_date: 2014-12-17 08:30:26
When I last investigated, qTox seemed to have a similar interface to uTox, but with additional features. For example, importing and exporting identity files across installations. Any particular reason to recommend uTox instead?
@_date: 2014-12-20 02:13:01
I think a non-blockchain web of trust could work, if the user interface is attractive enough. When you add a peer, your client signs their public key and adds its to your signature list. When your clients sign their key, it also downloads their signature list, ratings, reviews, and transportation status, and begins seeding this information to others as well. When you remove a friend by revoking the signature, their information is deleted and no longer synchronized or seeded. Ratings, reviews, and transportation statuses being seeded within a fixed number of trusted hops will be displayed in the application user interface. I don't directly see the value added by a blockchain-like technology to this process.
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:06:59
The quicksilver white paper is very vague:


What does this mean? How is the trust rating computed?  How is the trust data stored? How is trust displayed? Does any single company or individual have authoritative access or administrative privileges to centrally modify the trust data in an opaque manner?
@_date: 2014-07-18 07:14:21
Bitcoin is not comparable to a scam, fraud, stock market, or bank because Bitcoin is not a business entity. It is a network for communicating information and nothing more than a digital book for publishing and sharing speech. Starting a book, reading a book, and writing in a book should not be regulated, especially in the absence of significant prior examples or empirical evidence of these exact book-based actions causing direct (as opposed to indirect) harm.


Unless you are willing to assign a unit of observation and measure for "greed", and a principle for reliably differentiating all human actions caused by greed from human actions caused by non-greed, without appealing to self-report or revealed knowledge, then I would have to categorize this statement as non-empirical, non-quantifiable, non-falsifiable ... and possibly lazy.
@_date: 2014-12-17 13:23:42
Ah, I just grabbed qtox from the Arch User Repository and installed without problem:
There are alternate instructions in the main github repository which should work for Ubuntu:
 
The github release page has binaries for Windows in case you dual boot:
The main Tox wiki also claims they are working on maintaining a repo of binaries which includes qTox, but I haven't tried this:
@_date: 2014-12-21 15:19:07
Resource consumption is also storage space. There is no scarce economic resource we need to hoard and have everyone maintain an immutable historical record of in this scenario. We actually want the opposite to occur. We want users to continually delete, cull, destroy, and orphan the persistent data (ratings, reviews, relationships) with accounts which they don't trust or suspect of being scammers.
ed: The utility of information in this scenario is derived from its trustworthiness, not from its completeness.
@_date: 2014-02-18 08:53:21


Doge != Dogecoin. The problem with Dogecoin is that its popularity is ultimately making the Doge meme less lighthearted and funny. And once the Doge meme has decreased in funniness to the point of being not-funny, as all memes tend to do, then the value of Dogecoin will decrease as well.
@_date: 2014-12-20 01:57:10
Bootstrapping the web of trust from in-person contacts and friends as per the first method might be the only way to reliably avoid this. When you vouch for a peer and sign their key, the application will download and begin seeding all of their reviews and ratings. When you revoke a signature, the application stops seeding and deletes all of their reviews and ratings. If you have a friend in your network who signs someone who decides to create a bunch of fake accounts and reviews, all of their reviews and accounts will be permanently orphaned if your friends revokes their signature, or if you explicitly mark them as untrusted. Ratings would need to be locally computed in the application client to ensure they only reflected sources of information from within your individual web of trust.
Public keys acting as super-nodes to business travellers would most likely need to establish a public, above-ground presence in order to lobby the public and justify their large level of trust. This would also make them susceptible to auditing and outing by riders, drivers, and competing super nodes. If no one in your circle of friends trusts them, their signatures would not be factored into the ratings you see in the application.
This idea needs to be clean up, but I think the major idea is that ratings would need to be independently and locally computed by each the client, and only reviews by from sources trusted within a certain number of hops would influence the trust score an individual sees. These settings would need to be tunable via an attractive graphical user interface.
@_date: 2014-02-16 08:08:52
Are you referring primarily to the 24-hour news networks, or also to local news, nightly news, news websites, and news papers?
I will tend to agree with you, but I think we should make a clearer distinction between the various formats to be fair.
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:18:43
I also don't see why La Zooz wants to track people's movement data. The only people who need to know the details of a ride are the passenger and driver.
The primary problems are user interface and trust. While Bitcoin provides an ideal complementary payment solution for use within decentralized ridesharing applications, creating new altcoins is completely unnecessary for this problem domain.
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:47:53
If I was starting on a client, I would first start with figuring out how to get a convincing OpenStreet Maps display running cross platform on Linux, Android, OSX, iOS, Windows in a manner robust enough for realtime use.
The most feasible way to do this might actually be starting with OSM desktop code, and programming on top of a high performance cross-platform API like SDL and OpenGL:
This is a hard problem. The reward for completing it would be a consistent user interface and single code base which could be easily ported to all target platforms, including future transportation-oriented devices and HUDs running embedded Linux.
In the mean time, the trust, rating, and CA system would probably be better hashed out as an open protocol on paper, rather than immediately implemented in code.
@_date: 2014-12-19 23:04:45
I've outlined two options for doing so here:
I believe the second option will result in a system which is ultimately more transparent, trustworthy, and efficient than relying on a single corporation to verify trust.
@_date: 2014-02-08 02:06:04


This rule especially should be removed. A bitcoin "client" is technically every human-user method for interacting with the Bitcoin network.
If the question "which client should I use" contains an underlying assumption that the user wants the client which is *best*, then it is most definitely not a "beginner" only question.
Rather, the question of how to best interact with Bitcoin should be continuously debated and re-answered by the community, so that it leads to the generation of suggestions on how one might interact with Bitcoin *better*.
@_date: 2014-02-07 23:22:52


Well some libertarians might say, that there is no fundamental ontological heirarchy between businesses vs people, consumers vs merchants, buyers vs sellers, where one is either fundamentally advantaged or disadvantaged over the other. There are simply individuals peers performing mutually beneficial and non-hierarchical trades, who put their trust in each other on an individual basis, rather than putting blanket trust in all participants of a state-capitalist created and regulated market [*, by putting blanket trust in the state*]. The problem of fraud will exist regardless whether or not "trust" is manufactured in a centralized or decentralized fashion. 
Now if we object to fraud, then we should object moreso to structural systems which produce higher quantities of fraud than we do structural systems which produce lower quantities of fraud. So the question is whether the rate of fraud will increase or decrease during the decentralization of trust. I think crypto-libertarian and peer-to-peer technology experiments are a non-violent way to produce the data to make this comparison, and more data will help improve the overall health of our social structures.
@_date: 2014-02-08 02:18:34


Well, according to the current rules of this subreddit, beginners are discouraged from asking what program they should download, so they won't even be able to determine what piece of software they need a manual for.
@_date: 2014-01-31 20:32:38
Fair enough. I suppose my next objection then, is that it seems tautologically impossible for *any* of man's efforts to be decoupled from material and institutional issues surrounding their production, based upon the axioms of your perspective of embeddedness. The conclusion as stated is not relevant to Bitcoin, because the answer to the conclusion can be predetermined, without having to take into account any of the information concerning Bitcoin's behavior which you have observed.
If we wish to define decoupling from material and institutional issues is something asymptotic, which can never be achieved absolutely, then a conclusion more relevant to the topic of Bitcoin would answer a slightly different question, such as whether Bitcoin is coupled to a set of material and institutional issues which is larger or smaller in size than the set of coupled material and institutional issues for existing analogs to which it might be compared.
Regardless of my niggles with the conclusion, I enjoyed your paper and compliment the background research that went into it, such as reference to the 1990s Clipper Chip.
@_date: 2014-12-20 09:33:09
I suppose when I think of the blockchain, I primarily think of its large and competitive consumption of resources, and view it as something of a *necessary evil* in order to establish economic scarcity and a single shared unit of account.
If the information being shared is actually content providing direct value to users, and the hosting and curation of content is naturally incentivized and tied to a user interface action, then ideally the large overhead and resource consumption of a blockchain system could be avoided.
Persistence could be achieved by peers naturally wanting to mirror the reviews of their friends or associates. The web of trust could perhaps be viewed as peer-to-peer social network where signing, vouching, friending, following, seeding, and mirroring all correspond to the same user interface action. So all of the hosting and storage costs are  bundled into a single user interface action, with a positive marginal utility for the average user to perform a significant number of times, on any readily available consumer device of non-trivial storage and bandwidth.
@_date: 2015-03-07 05:39:52
Compact file allocation means if you have partially downloaded a file, it will only occupy hard drive space proportional to the amount downloaded. So, if you have downloaded 10% of a 100GB file, the torrent software will only have allocated approximately 10GB of your hard drive space, rather than 100GB.
Traditionally Deluge has either not supported this or disabled certain other features when it is enabled, such as selecting only a subset of files to fetch from the torrent.