@_author: lesscauliflower8
@_date: 2018-06-19 19:59:53
Greetings, as both a highly experienced veteran and a clueless newcomer, I'm here hoping to be welcomed &amp; not mistakenly turned up at the wrong place....
Please guys, I have never been very good at rules, so sorry if I've broken any here.  Honestly, I don't even know if I'm in the right place.  I used to check reddit from time to time, even would occassionally post, but mostly just read what others had to say in regards to best practices on cryptocurrencies and onion markets.
Not long ago, reddit got different, and I didn't expect to ever find my way back, but as bored as I am for as long as I've been, figured heck, and then I saw link to old reddit, then w/ search of crypto, here i am!
Hell of an origin story, right?  It gets even better.  I'm here cause I used to have a lot of activity and probably just standard paranoia but felt I was doing too many things wrong.  As an old head, I am not used to the orwellian survalleince state that we live in today.  Most of my life, I was under the impression that authority, in general, respected the USA's constitution, free speech, probable cause, blah blah. I know I know, don't say it, I've been asleep for a long time.
But anyways, now that I'm back, took forever to trash my windows and all my torrented media, softtware, etc Finally got myself up &amp; running on several machines w/ various versions of Linux and each w/ many additional Vbox machines, topped off w/ my personqal favorates,  I am still quite proud of myself (sorry if this is self-promotion) but I made more than 20 different working Tails Images. and tested they all work, everywhere from on DVDs, to USBs, to muthafuggin SD Cards!  Thats right,  I just booted up the 1st of many tails drives to a pc machine from a dam SD Card.  Maybe no big deal for some da folks here but for me, ya gotta understand, I thought Windows was the only OS in the world not too long ago....
So here's my  question, am hoping yall got some good peeps here that'll help out an old man tryin to get back in the game.  The reddit I remember always had people like that.  But this is my issue.  The world of cryptocurrency has literallytransformed into something else since my day.  I can't believe how many there are, or which ones are even real anymore.  Worse, I don't know what softwhere or exchanges to trust.  And most importantly, I am baffled by the fact that others who've requests similar concerns in the past appear to have been responded to by a special interest recommending they get or even 'buy' something specific.
See, back in my day, mostly bitcoins was the only cryptos, eth was new and had broken through around the time I went dark.  So today, I got a few drives loaded up w/ wallet software stashed w/ some bitcoins and maybe some eth i think, but the amount I got was faar cheaper than these values seem to be now.  Is all of this real?
Also, I forget the exchange I used, but it had a weird name.  Coinbase was starting to get popular and localbitcoins sprangup,  I never bought from there though, always figured I'd sell there if i needed to liquidate but the price seemed to high to actually buy them there.
Also, I've noticed that the best  markets are gone.  Heard good things about dream, but they don't seem user friendly and others have said they are about to be taken down anyway.  I'm not a criminal or anything, I'm actually a pacifist and despise any type of action, whether legal or not if it results in the misfortune of someone else.
But that being said, even old heads need to feel good once in a while, and luckily I amm good at findiing docs that can prescribe most of what that requires.  But every once in a while, a brutha needs some good old fashion ******** (censorred myself) some goods that even doctors can be hesitant to prescribe, at least not in the quantities that a tolerance-hardennned senior  consumer such as myself may require.
So I ask, but please, I ask specirfically to those who have have genuine experience &amp; advice that is 100% objective.  I hate filterring the batches of 20 different replies thats 1 person using multiple screenames all suggesting the same thing.  I am looking for some truth my young brothaz and sistas, and old too, if my kind still lurks around.
I'd like to know, in this day &amp; age, where's the best place(s) to buy btc and by best I just mean cheapest,   Everyone promotes Coinbase but I've found that to be among the most expensive, right up there w/ LBC.  Only way i'm joining coinbase would be if i ever decide to sell any, and I've got my own referral links so pls don't recommend something just in hopes someone takes yer link and u get a %.  Cause even if its an exchange I dont yet have an account, i always would start one from scratch,m then refer myself, so sorry if thats jkinda dikheadish just being honest.  Ive always done it like that, and imo i never shove my referral link down anyones throat or even offer it cause i dont want part of other peoples business but at the same time i also dont want other people sticking there nose in mine trying to make off w/ some scraps.  
But I already have some old bitcoins from back in the day stashed away anyway, so nthats not even the most important, just I'd rather not be hooking up drives and pulling coins out of storage if I dont have to and can get them just as easilly w cash or card or whatever,
But the important thing is, once I do, then wheres the good places trustworthy, these days that an old-head can once in a while make a small private purchase of something enjoyable.  Ideally and of course hypotyhetically, lets say this old head happenned to have a keen taste for the upper types like cola, rollls/X, speed (but preferrably d-amph not m-am[ph) since everyone and their grandmother makes m-amph I can get that from any 1 of like 5 neighbors, but dextro the doc only gives me so much.  Any ideas folks?  
Also, armory, Electrum still the best wallets these days?  I think the coins I got currently are on platforms like those.  Not 100% sure cause they are internal drives I just took out, so I forget till I hook them up, which i prefer not to do atm.
Anyone?  Help an elderly fellar out here?