@_author: lessyapmorefap
@_date: 2014-10-21 18:48:51
I actually appreciated the interviewer's attitude as a whole.  On a few occasions he came across a bit smug and maybe even incorrect, but he did ground the conversation.  Brian isn't exactly in a position to purposely bring up any negative happenings within his company or Bitcoin that could hurt his company directly or indirectly respectively, especially after just landing new investors.
@_date: 2014-11-06 03:47:22
This would only artificially increase the price for a temporary amount of time.  The current price is based off of supply and demand.  So yes, planning a mass buy at a specific time would without a doubt completely change the current proportion of demand to supply being sold, and the higher demand would increase the price people are willing to pay to get Bitcoin since there is a limited supply.......but unless you can maintain that demand, the price will trickle back down once people are willing to sell it at a lower price since there are less people willing to buy it at a higher price.  Hopefully that explains it a bit better.
I do understand that your hope is that the media coverage would spark a constant influx of demand, but in my opinion, that wouldn't be nearly enough to maintain the artificial price for very long.  Honest growth of the infrastructure of Bitcoin, in theory, should lead to the honest growth in price as people come aboard for reasons other than media hype.  That's when sustainability is possible.
@_date: 2014-07-11 18:46:42
This is actually terrible.
@_date: 2014-11-14 00:08:09
Come on, guys!  Only 100 signatures until we reach 5,000!!!
@_date: 2014-10-26 22:29:47
The answer to this would vary depending on the person and what they are looking for.  Since you have already sold yours and looking at the prices you stated (in USD I'm going to assume), it would appear that you held for less than a year, so you saw it as a short-term investment.  For a short-term mindset, Bitcoin probably isn't the best place to put money because of the volatility, unless you are thinking really short-term and want to attempt day trading.  Then Bitcoin could function as a medium for that pretty well.
As far as a long-term mindset, the jury is still out on whether or not people will benefit from putting their money into Bitcoin this early on.  However, few investments, if any, have such a large upside that taking the risk, in my opinion, is justified as long as these people are aware the technology may not reach its full potential as far as adoption goes, and they could very well lose all of their investment.
@_date: 2014-04-02 23:34:18
I'll empathize with you.  I'm in a very similar situation.  I don't know about your age/living situation, but for me, I'm younger and just starting out my career with no debt.  I had quite a bit of extra money saved from jobs, etc. that I invested mostly in Bitcoin.  The reason why I'm saying this is because I am in a situation where if I lose it all, yes, it's a lot of money, but it's not going to change my lifestyle.  The pain would be mostly from my parents disappointment if they found out what I chose to invest in and them thinking I'm irresponsible.  On the flip side, if Bitcoin skyrockets, then it very well could change my lifestyle.  It was a calculated decision, and not something I jumped in to all at once.  I would advise the same approach exiting.  If you do think it's time to take some out, do a little first, see how you feel/how the market is doing.
@_date: 2014-10-29 20:44:57
Let's not be *too* conservative.  The prophecy has told us 10,000 by next week.
@_date: 2014-03-28 00:11:02
@_date: 2014-10-07 00:04:54
My username is like how people use tattoos to remind themselves of their own mantras.  Actually it's not, I just made that up.  Thank you for making me chuckle though.  8/8 would 'b8.
@_date: 2014-10-06 23:03:24
This is a really cool concept, and I'm excited to follow it.  I began thinking about how this would help Bitcoin as a store of value and/or currency, but I had difficulty seeing why it would.  If the tiniest amount of Bitcoin can be used as proof of ownership, then the current value of having 1 Bitcoin versus 100 Bitcoin is negligible since only a small amount is needed, right?  Or am I misinterpreting how the core of this functions?  I should note that I understand this project is not intended to increase Bitcoin's use as a store of value and/or currency whatsoever, but rather just a creative use of the block chain.  I just want to see what other people think about it.
Edit: Some words.
@_date: 2014-03-28 00:52:47
While I understand what you are getting at and largely feel a lot of the same sentiments, a lot of what you listed does affect the price of Bitcoin.  So by association, you do give a little bit of a fuck about some of those.
@_date: 2014-11-25 00:49:27
Great question.  I have been wondering about this effect myself.  When a merchant cashes out immediately, companies like Coinbase and BitPay are the ones that are keeping the Bitcoin if I understand the flow correctly.  It's then up to Coinbase and BitPay what to do with the Bitcoin.
Since they have to pay their merchants cash back, I would imagine most are sold off in order to cover that (unless the price goes up during that time, then maybe they can keep some).  So it seems to me like the price effect really depends on how Coinbase and BitPay liquidate their Bitcoin.  If they spread out the selloff and use maybe some of their VC money to pay back the merchants in the meantime, they could probably minimize the price being affected.  Or maybe my entire theory here is complete bullshit!
@_date: 2014-10-26 19:25:07
I'm going to answer this assuming it's an honest question since I suspect other people are going to rip you here.  Regardless of whether or not it would be a good idea to have a fixed price, there wouldn't be a way to do so because trading is a free market.  The only way to really fix the price would be to have only one exchange that controls the price or have all exchanges collude to set a price.  Even then though, the Bitcoin technology lets you send Bitcoin directly from person to person, so there wouldn't be stopping people from doing so and making trades outside of exchanges.  Exchanges just make it easy to find buyers and sellers.  So to sum it up, it just wouldn't be feasible to fix the price.
@_date: 2014-11-28 19:14:19
Gild me, my Liege.
@_date: 2014-10-06 23:45:11
I agree, I can totally see why it gives more reasons to be transactional because there would be literally more possible uses for transacting Bitcoin in this scenario.  I guess that's what I was getting at though; it broadens Bitcoin's overall use, but wouldn't necessarily benefit someone who has a wallet with say 20 BTC laying around.  Unless a company or something wanted to use the Bitcoin network to issue stocks, and that person holding Bitcoin was offered a certain amount of money to be able to have a portion of Bitcoin to divide up into representative shares or something.  Maybe that is where things are heading if this is successful.  People owning parts of a proven, secure block chain that companies want to use for reasons such as this, making it more valuable for these other reasons than as a store of value and/or currency.
Or maybe this will all coexist down the road like it currently will.  This practice decreases the pool of Bitcoin available to use as a store of value and/or currency, thus increasing individual holder's value.  But then, who really knows exactly how much Bitcoin is available as a store of value and/or currency to be able to reasonably put a price on it?
I'm starting to just run my mouth here as I think of things.  I'm not trying to necessarily prove a point, but rather throwing these things out there for discussion!
@_date: 2014-10-21 00:30:30
If the purchasing power can remain consistent, then I don't really mind if the value never rises significantly.  My main fascination with Bitcoin is that it is not tied to any particular economy, so I see it as a great way to diversify my assets.  Getting rich would be an nice bonus, but I'm more concerned with the value not going down as opposed to significantly rising so I can justify keeping it as an alternate store of value.  Although, I think the usability and infrastructure of Bitcoin still needs to keep increasing in order to just maintain where the value is today since a lot of the current value (in my opinion) is still based off of speculation that Bitcoin will be more widespread and worth more in the future.
@_date: 2014-02-16 09:12:03
Redditor for only about an hour.  This is nearly identical to the post a few hours back.  Don't fall for this shit.
@_date: 2015-11-17 02:26:13
It's unfortunate.  I saw this coming when the name was changed to ChangeTip (or ChangeTip took over the BitcoinTip system.  I can't remember exactly).  The company I'm sure just hopes to succeed if Bitcoin doesn't, or are trying to reach a broader audience.  I can understand it from the company's standpoint.
On the other hand, you could argue that if ChangeTip catches on more to the masses as a result of being compatible with multiple currencies, since they have the ability to tip in Bitcoin it in turn exposes Bitcoin more.
@_date: 2015-11-04 18:08:45
It depends how you are buying and selling the assets.
If you bought $10,000 worth of Bitcoin, then sold that amount in full for $1,000 after the value dropped, you would have a capital loss of $9,000.  You can use capital losses to offset your capital gains or regular income for that year up to $3,000 per year.  So if you reported this on your taxes, you would not have to pay tax on up to $3,000 of your reported income that year.  The additional $6,000 you can spread out after the proceeding years.
So now, if you then a week later decide to buy $2,000 worth of Bitcoin, then end up selling it for $15,000 months later, you have a total capital gain of $13,000.  You are liable for the taxes on that total $13,000.  This is a separate transaction, which doesn't account for how much you initially invested in Bitcoin (although you can use the $3,000 capital loss for the year so you you are only liable for taxes on $10,000 that year.  But you still need to report everything).
This is based on reading about this kind of stuff in the past, so it may not be totally correct.  Here's a source that talks a little about this all.
