@_author: letheardor
@_date: 2018-01-31 19:27:05
Exactly. Ha. Ha!
@_date: 2017-12-22 09:50:48
Thank you, I figured. I know nothing about bitcoin or investing. Which is why I asked. Don't even know what the whitepaper is. 
But appreciated!
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:37:58
Ok I understand all of your points, but all of your points are all very specific to people in certain situations. In which case, yeah it will take more than just finding a random dog at a shelter. 
I'm talking about the people who just randomly decide to get a dog or have decided to get one, and have the means to get one, no matter what, and instead choose the breeder route. 
Unless you have special living conditions or special reasons for a specific breed is the whole reason for my argument. I meant it to be pretty much a generalization but you've turned it into some pretty specific stuff. 
If you are so determined or require a dog that only special breeds then yeah go to a breeder. 
But if one day you just decide "I want a dog" or something like that, those are the people I am talking too. If you want a dog, can get a dog, you should probably think about and make sure you are responsible and mature enough to handle one, but if so, most shelter dogs are perfect for this. 
And that's all I have been talking about is to the general population who just wants a dog. If you are a normal person and just want a dog, why not go save a life of a perhaps abused dog or something like that, instead of buying an expensive puppy unless you specifically wanted that breed for reasons?
Cause I have seen too many people do that. Spend thousands on a dog, when they essentially didn't even give a shit about the breed other than they thought it would be cool and so they could brag about it. And then I get told that people love my dog so much and more, when I got him for $50, and he was previously abused. He was shy and timid at first, but once used to the love and care, he has been the best dog I've ever had. 
I just don't get why someone who doesn't have special needs or anything like that, will drop $2000 on a dog who has been spoiled and will be spoiled the rest of its life, while perfect dogs who are abused and neglected spend their lives or get put down in shelters. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:27:14
I think his point and the point around this at all is about saving the dogs who are abandoned at shelters or found and kept at shelters, so you get a dog, save a life, and save money all at once. 
I agree because I think it's ridiculous to spend thousands of dollars on a dog. Like do they dip the dog? And what I also don't understand, is paying that much more for a dog, that is more than likely going to require even more money to care for, have special needs, and die sooner than a mutt you can find at the shelter. 
Also, I don't get you're third point. I have never had to jump through any hoops when getting a dog from a shelter nor have I heard or seen someone have trouble getting a dog from them. You literally walk in, find the dog you want, sign some papers, pay and leave with your new friend. 
While on the other friend I had a friend who recently had to wait over 2 months, go through a ton of paperwork and spend over $2000 just to get a puppy corgi, only to have the poor dog die due to illness within the first month of having it. 
Save the poor puppies who don't have a family, rather than dropping thousands on a dog who was raised with a family and is basically guaranteed to have a family for life. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:18:23
Wow. Never really realized humans were like this. It's a fucking dog, a living being that just wants to love and be loved.  
I'm wrong for sure, just never knew people spent so much time and considered things like that when getting a dog. I guess because the idea of getting a dog to me, has always been about saving the dog and putting it in a place where it is comfortable, can be happy, and live a good life. 
I never looked at a dog from a view of trying to fit it into making it about what I wanted, down to the specifics of things like energy and mood or whatever. Because to me, getting a dog isn't a gift or a some kind of thing to bring me pleasure happiness or anything like that, but it's all about the dog. 
I care more about the dog than I do worrying about if it was bred in a good way. I just want it to have a good and happy life. 
But I guess there are spoiled and picky people who only want dogs for their personal desires or needs, or to show them off to people, rather than actually caring about the dog. So that makes sense why breeders exist. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 17:04:38
The fuck kind of drugs are you on?
All of the situations you described are specific situations. Take the base line of a person who is just a person with no special needs, no extras to consider. 
Having a cat is something to consider. Having children is something consider. Those are specific situations. Not everyone is born with children. Not everyone is born owning their own cat. So that makes those circumstances specific to their own lives. 
And I think what you're arguing gets deeper into each individual persons ability to actually own a dog, which is quite a different topic. And maybe that's my fault. I'm more against the ludicrous business of pure-bred dogs. Some are decent but most are just mankinds attempt to alter a species to our own preferences, regardless of the impact on that species health or wellbeing. 
So many breeds of dogs have health problems, because of the specific ways that we bred them, and why did we breed them that way? Because it was appealing. Even though it was damaging to the dogs, so I kind of can't get behind people who still do the same thing. 
Especially pugs. Have you heard them breathe? That shit ain't normal and I bet it sucks. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:59:50
I don't yell at people who spend thousands of dollars on a dog vs. getting one from a shelter. I was just saying I agree and that, it's all around better to get a dog from a shelter. 
And I mean a shelter, not some breed specific rescue or whatever. Animal shelter is all I was speaking on. Those are wayyyyy different than what you are talking about. Perhaps some areas I don't have them but everywhere I have lived has an animal shelter. Not speaking about specially rescues or whatever. 
Also having/adopting a child and adopting a dog, are completely different things so that was kind of a pointless comparison. 
And yeah the money thing is pretty relevant. You're spending thousands more dollars on a dog who is not only going to live shorter than a mutt or mixed breed you find at a shelter, but the dog will more than likely cost more in the long run as specific breeds sometimes require special care. 
And on top of all this, pure bred dogs are the worst. Why spend all that extra time and money on a shitty dog? Because it looks cute? 
We have fucked up a lot of dogs through breeding for our own personal interests, and its kinda fucked up in my opinion. And in my opinion, people are idiots for spending thousands on a dog when you can get a buddy for life who probably who could use it, rather than an expensive ass puppy with health issues. 
But I'm not yelling at people. I just agree that if you care and love for dogs, your time and money are better spent getting a shelter dog. 