@_author: letsfuckingshop
@_date: 2018-09-20 18:39:02
Ankita has recently joined the CryptoNewsZ team. She has a Masters Degree in English Language and Literature and 10+ years of experience in dealing with different types of content for print as well as digital media. She has worked for Taylor &amp; Francis Books India Pvt Ltd, Aptara International and freelanced as writer/editor for Six Red Marbles Learning Pvt Ltd, Oxford University Press, Athena Information Solutions.
Writing is her passion. Precision and originality is what she believes in and makes sure she abides by them in her write ups.
When Ankita is off work, you will find her engrossed in books or enhancing her culinary skills!!
You can connect with Ankita on LinkedIn and Facebook.
You can also email Ankita at ankitabaruah to discuss anything related to her contents.
@_date: 2018-08-03 18:53:34
.no blood 
Mudblood 
Did you say mudblood, fellow slytherin?
@_date: 2018-11-05 10:55:31
Google translate.
Blockchain exchanges, including digital asset wallets and various projects, will have a wave of trends, presumably a trend, as each region has a new attitude toward digital assets. Digital asset bitcoin exchange platform construction and blockchain multi-currency wallet production will become a hot item. Source Zhongrui Exchange platform construction technical services: 13823116735 (telephone / wechat) / QQ2670868238.
In Malaysia's 2019 Budget Speech, Malaysian Finance Minister Lin Guanying said that the Malaysian Securities Commission (SC) is developing a regulatory framework for the first token issue and digital asset exchange, which will take effect in the first quarter of 2019. Regulators emphasize that one of the main objectives of the framework is to ensure a fair and orderly development of this emerging market.
On November 1, the Hong Kong Securities Regulatory Commission issued a new regulation for virtual assets, requiring more than 10% of the asset size (AUM) to be a virtual asset fund, which can only be sold to professional investors, any fund and brokerage institution that invests in virtual assets. Both need to register with the securities regulator.
With many years of development experience, Yuanzhongrui has obtained one patent after another in the field of digital asset blockchain development technology, which is a big advantage in the exchange technology. Contact source Ruilong (13823116735 with micro) for your guidance, bitcoin exchange, blockchain multi-currency wallet, blockchain instant messaging social live broadcast system, digital asset mortgage reception system.