@_author: lettersjk
@_date: 2017-05-02 15:57:25
agreed -- but  i was responding to this statement: 


the question you raise is whether this latest movement to the ath is "short term jitter" or "long term progress". you seemed to indicate it is the latter. my comment was saying it is more likely the former, imo. 
fwiw, there's lots of money to be made (or lost!) in the price movements on the way to that long term steady price. especially when those movements are of this size. 
@_date: 2017-05-02 13:37:38
while i'm bullish on the long term price of bitcoin, it's my opinion that this current run-up will be short-lived unless something drastic with n. korea happens. there was an article also posted yday which had a table where the fifth most highly traded fiat currency against bitcoin was korean won. i'm guessing this is just ppl trying to move their money out of country quickly and easily on the v. slim chance actual war breaks out. 
despite all the rhetoric on all sides (of the n.korea situation), i'm going to guess that peace on the peninsula will win out, save for some spikes of vol here and there. i'm selling a good chunk of my position with the idea of rebuying once the price comes down a fair chunk (probably down to $1100 level)
@_date: 2017-05-02 15:05:00
i'm guessing it's because it's neither slow nor steady. ~30% up in roughly 10 days!
@_date: 2017-05-02 14:54:25


lol, like i said in my op, it's just my guess -- though one i am backing up with action. i could very well be wrong and anyone is free to disagree. but the korean won thing is very telling to me at least. 
regardless, the amount of mainstream press this is generating is definitely great for bitcoin in the long term. 
@_date: 2017-05-02 14:25:51
yes, with the current us administration, i wouldn't be surprised if the bitcoin price continues to rise for some time longer depending on their response to n. korean rhetoric (today's statement on continuing nuclear tests for example). but if the us military exercises end without some provocative action, it wouldn't surprise me if the price drops significantly. 
otoh, given my skepticism on unilateral us action in korea, the bigger determinant on bitcoin action in the region may well be shinzo abe. he's a big nationalist (wants to amend pacifist constitution) and noted hawk on n. korea. it wouldn't surprise me if he uses this to foment unrest among the japanese to advance his agenda, causing them to seek shelter in altcoins for a good long time. 
such is the nature of bitcoin right now. imo, it's much more an investment vehicle (ie. much more sensitive to news events) rather than a useful currency atm. one day that will change, but probably not until the price plateaus and stabilizes at some very high level way in the future. 