@_author: lettherebedump
@_date: 2015-02-05 20:16:12
Reddit delivers on the beanie baby reference: 
Foreshadowing the future? 
Edit: sorry the analogy is stronger than I had hoped: Bankrupt By Beanies (2009) - Doc about a family who invested over $100k during the Beanie Baby craze in the 90s  
And Slate:  
Edit: Read 'paper wallet', which people recommend to newbies to HODL(term i see on this reddit)  BTC, instead of 'closet': "One month later, the company that developed Beanie Babies abruptly announced that it would stop producing the toys at the end of the year, both anticipating and precipitating the burst of the Beanie Babies bubble. Sellers panicked, buyers lost interest, and by the start of the new millennium, Beanie Babies had swung from an economic and cultural phenomenon to a tired punch line. Today, the Britannia Beanie Baby sells for $10 on eBay. My own Britannia lies buried in a box in the back of my closet along with hundreds of other Beanie Babies, where it has sat, untouched, for 15 years."
In 10 years, it will be Bitcoiners. Don't run from cognitive dissonance, learn from it. 
@_date: 2015-02-11 20:04:40
Paying with bitcoin is a pain unless there is a significant discount as Newegg did with the Xbox one. Aside from that, why the heck would i want to use BTC instead of a credit card. I have to buy BTC and pay a fee that is more than the sales tax that i don't have to pay based on my state when I order things online. And the merchant wants nothing to do with the uncertainty and falling price of the coins. Kick_a_ginger_ale you deserve more upvotes not negative points. 
I don't have to worry if my credit card is stolen as I won't be liable. If my BTC is stolen, I am F_C_E_D. 
@_date: 2015-02-05 19:57:52
Sorry, I didn't mean any hostility. It is just that the BTC market was a fairly decent store of wealth when it would rise slightly over time, it was a short period I guess, but it was a nice way to increase the value of your holdings, now the market is still recovering from the irrational activity that lead to a $1000 per coin price and I can't get back into the market. 6 months ago if I had bought, I'd have lost quite a bit of value. I have been waiting to buy again, but can't stand it when scammers take money from people by overstating the upside and not fairly considering the opposite side. 
Beanie babies hopefully are a bad comparison to BTC as beanie babies never recovered. I hope you're mistaken in that comparison, friend. 
@_date: 2015-02-05 19:33:32
To the floor! 65% of the public don't know what it is. And 90% of those who don't know what BTC is, think it's bad and society needs to be "protected" from it.
Fools and their money are easily parted.  
@_date: 2015-02-05 19:40:47
Yes, just joined Reddit. I can't see more people fooled into buying bitcoin. People have said for the past year that this is the bottom, capitulation is near and we'll go back up, only for the price to fall and fall and fall and fall and fall and fall, again. The price has not bottomed out. Support is very weak, very short lived, and unable to raise the price significantly. More downward pressure than upward. But my account is only 3 hours old, so I am sure you know more than i do. 
-Waiting out my reddit ban for another 5 minutes. 