@_author: leva131
@_date: 2018-12-23 18:13:19
Good day, you have done a lot of good with your donations in different directions, I also try to do different good deeds for other people who need it.
My name is Artem, I live in a town of Vinnytsia, located in a beautiful country Ukraine. I study at the Polytechnic University, but this does not apply to Blockchain and Cryptocurrency. For the first time, I learned about cryptocurrency in 2013, then my friend was dial referrals for Bitcoin, and I was not very interested in this because I was still very young. But in the summer of 2017 everything has changed My colleagues at work with me went out to rest from work, and here I noticed a man who came to on Range Rover and got out strange devices in the metal frame from the boot, then I was told that this is the so-called Ferm, it's me that interested. I was looking for information about it, and then it turned out that my groupmate also has such, he told me about cryptocurrency and its possibilities. At first I just wanted to speculate, everyone wants a easy gain, and with our salaries, we simply have to look for different opportunities for one more earnings. Few weeks I looking only the course, then it became interesting to me, but how does it all work? For what is all this , and who created it? When I searched for information, I came across a name - Satoshi Nakamoto. Realizing idea and that the cryptocurrency can make for the world, I have not left the world of blockchain and cryptocurrency I sincerely believe in the fact that people and the world itself will change for the better after the introduction of cryptocurrency in everyday lifeI have many ideas for improving life using BlockChein, I will definitely implement some of them, but it's all gradually, is now I have another problem that does not givens me and a very dearling me persons for tranquilit. Her dear mother was diagnosed with a terrible diagnosis - Cancer. Everyone was shocked, all the money was directed to her treatment, but that was not enough. In our country, most people its not live up to their pleasure, most of us just "Exist," we largely itself refuse in order to live at least somehow, me even ridiculous to say what is in our university a scholarship, at the present rate it is 0,0115 BTC (at the rate of 1 BTC = 4000 USD). I ask you to give me a chance to realize myself and help in the further introduction of blockchain in this world, help me raise funds for treatment, because at the moment I am only seeking the speedy recovery of her dear mother, all the forces are now directional for it. Even a good deed can give a boost to enormous changes in this world.
 0xd4c31D37B35Af3513EE9552Ca816369a9323C876 MetaMask
 bc1q9jy5f3z7wkjdqcj0g3zspvqltm3yq25mk5rn7k Electrum