@_author: leviself
@_date: 2018-01-16 15:59:44
I couldn't disagree more with this sentiment. It seems as if you're trying to divorce cryptocurrency from it's cypherpunk origins. If you don't understand why this is revolutionary and could bring about an entirely new political and economic order I suggest you review more of the early work on why we did this in the first place.
For example watch this [video]( from Patrick Byrne where he says "For 6000 years humans have had this problem. We engage in consensual exchange, but you don't know me, you can't trust me, I can't trust you ... so there's a business model ... he who has the monopoly on violence in this area comes up with a gold coin puts his face on it and says I'll kill anybody who debases my gold coin. That's just a business model ... to monetize your monopoly on violence. We call that government ... For the first time in 6000 years we can have peer to peer exchange where trust is not an issue."
Or [this]( from Max Moore all the way back in 1995: "Electronic cash and the competing currencies that would result from the denationalisation of money should be considered together. Both can reduce the power of government to tax and regulate, thereby freeing markets and increasing liberty and productivity."
Or Ravikant's [tweet](
Or the crypto-anarchist [manifesto](
Or maybe you understand the original motivation but think it's unrealistic? Again, I would suggest really trying to understand why an immutable, decentralized public consensus algorithm with a deflationary monetary policy (provided it can scale) would constitute a revolution and could replace the current monetary system (and perhaps governments) outright.
It's frustrating to me to see so many commentators who don't grok that the original impetus for doing this was based on a thesis that the current system is predicated on violence and can be rendered obsolete with crypto. None of that has changed. It's still the plan. Thankfully it doesn't really matter if people get that or not.
@_date: 2018-01-16 18:26:38
I think there's a strong interplay between the price and the fundamentals. People originally got into it for fundamental asset protection and self-sovereignty properties. Perhaps the 2017 movement was driven simply by FOMO. In any case, consistent long-run price increases demonstrate divestiture from fiat into crypto - a trend that if continued will threaten and then supplant fiat. So if an economically rational actore buys today, they are expecting the price to go up in fiat-denominated terms (or equivalently for fiat to go bust). Given the prevalence of the never sell HODL meme, I would assume most are expecting long-run increases driven by fundamentals (ie asset protection and sovereignty).
As for wealth distribution, that just sounds like the Pareto principle which is probably perfectly natural in a free society. Estimates are that the top 1% owns 50% of the wealth (which I think could be lower than reality). There are also voluntary ways in which inequality problems can get resolved. People used to give money to charities and churches before it became the government's job to give everyone welfare. Just recently, someone gave Andreas ~ 80 BTC out of kindness. Smart contracts may enable new forms of voluntary social organization such as universal basic income schemes. DAOs may introduce efficiency gains whereby people need only work a few hours per week, removing the idea that "unemployment" is a bad thing. People would then be more free to exercise their own plastic genius on greater innovation.
@_date: 2013-04-18 01:14:10
And what is the point of this? Karma? About the loss, I'll survive. All my coins are from mining, so I won't have to sell the farm.
@_date: 2013-04-18 00:30:09
Agreed. It's always good advice whether on BTC-E or elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-04-30 03:59:16
You can really use a lot of different languages to make a web application with the Bitcoin API. Python, Ruby, PHP, Java, Perl, C NodeJS, C++, and others. You might be most comfotable with VB which will also work. Take a look at the [JSON-RPC reference]( Edit: You have to add the closing paren to that link to make it work. I don't know how to escape it in Reddit.
There's a lot of great work left to be done including making contracts/custom transactions easy for people.
@_date: 2013-04-18 01:04:00
I make no claims of exchange fraud but I submit it as a possibility, along with the possibility that there is a security hole. There is also a smaller possibility that this situation is unique to me. In any case, here is the requested log:  BTW, what exactly is FUD (Fear, uncertainty, and doubt)?
@_date: 2013-04-18 01:20:56
You are aware of the whole pirateat40 debacle aren't you?
@_date: 2013-04-18 01:32:15
He was paying out good for awhile and then there was a massive [selloff] ( that disrupted the market. The people left did not make out well. IIRC, you could buy coins at $1 if you were lucky enough to get in right after the selloff in August 2012.
@_date: 2013-09-10 04:21:35
I've heard from a couple people who've done small claims that companies settle pretty quickly if they get a letter from a lawyer.