@_author: lexbarringer
@_date: 2017-09-04 23:47:43
People don't do their homework before they invest. This isn't the first time I've seen this happen, won't be the last.
@_date: 2017-09-04 23:52:11
That's true. The BTC block rewards vs. difficulty vs. network processing capability should be enough to scare would-be prospectus off, that is of course, if they did their homework.
The most profitable for me in my own private closed pool with my own hardware is Ethereum, Monero and Litecoin. I also did okay on Dogecoin when it still was a thing. 
@_date: 2017-09-04 23:27:18
A couple of weeks? That's nothing in terms of investments in crypto-currencies. Before someone invests their money in anything, they're expected to do through research into the area, learning the in and outs of how the currency works; what are the metrics of it. Then understand what the blockchain is, how it's calculated and how the payments are derrived from the proof of work algorithms.
If you read the fine print on all the the cloud mining sites, it plainly tells you that as the difficulty and height increases, so too must the profits go down because it takes longer to find and solve blocks or in the case of shares when you break down a block down if doing cloud / pool mining (as a miner).
You're living a pipe dream to even think that you could profit from it. The only way you can actually profit from cloud mining is if you don't have to pay for electricity, have your own equipment and make your own cloud based instance.
If you understand cryptography, programming, human nature (both sociology and psychology), basic economics and electrical theory you'll have an edge over the vast majority of the people who invest in this stuff. 
Please don't call something a scam when you don't do your research. Had you done your research / homework, you would have never invested. 
I'm a miner, I have my own private pools not open to anyone but myself, it's all my own hardware. I started out small enough back when the crypto-currencies could easily be done on CPU and then the GP-GPU revolution came along, which changed the playing field, I kept up with it, doing fairly well. 
If you want to invest in crypto-currencies, the best way to do it is through currency trading, however, that have a lot of pitfalls, too. It's more risky than the penny stocks in the real world. Same types of problems are found in crypto-currencies as in the real world; scammers, crime rings, pump n' dump tactics, etc. 
Investing in crypto-currency or any form of trade takes a really highly tuned intuition and a highly analytical mind. If you don't those, turn around and run.
If you want to know about a real scam in crypto-currency look up this stuff, on Google.
 
 "Mt. Gox (Magic)"
There is only one way you could make money from your cloud mining contracts, that is if the difficulty got too high for the majority of the rig owners and companies. If that happens, they shut their mining rig down for a long time, the difficulty will adjust down after a couple of blocks but this is very unlikely at this point in time that people will shut their rigs down. Besides, The reward value per block vs. power consumption and current value of a Bitcoin (BTC) is getting closer to break even territory.
You should have invested seven years ago before all this crazy cloud mining ever existed and mined the blockchain directly while you still could, as the block rewards were much larger than they are now. Not to mention you could find and solve blocks much easier back then with commodity (of the shelf) hardware.
It's easier to call something a scam rather than admitting to being an idiot / noob. Almost everyone in crypto-currency has done something stupid when they first started out. Whether or not they want to admit to it, is something else.
@_date: 2017-09-04 23:45:21
Actually, the mining capability is there but there is a point where you need a lot more hash bashing power than what that cloud instance or pool can provide. Look at the total network processing power. 
If your pool or cloud mining contract isn't 3% or higher in regards to the total hashing power across the entire distributed network, don't bother, you're just wasting time and power. Now, 3% doesn't sound like much but when you look at the total being around 3 ExaH/s, that's huge.
1 TH/s is nothing. 3 ExaH/s is an entire beach and 1 TH/s is just a grain of sand of that beach. You need ample amounts of hashing power to handle higher difficulties and heights, which it takes longer. You're also competing with everyone else for the same resources. I think you know where I'm going with this. Most pools and cloud instances make money but it's not massive amounts.
However, there are pool and cloud operators that are less than honest about how much money they make off of other peoples' efforts. To top it off, they ask for donations (sometimes it's forced donations, which isn't actually a donation at all, it's a fee). Those donations (really, fees) are icing on the cake.
The way I look at it, why give donations (allow someone to charge me a fee to mine on their site when I'm helping them make money with my equipment and power usage) to an individual that is already making quite a bit from running the pool and isn't being upfront and honest about it.
This is the fine print that I'm referring to, people must read this first before joining. Also, read the forums about bad reputations of sites or operators, this saves you a lot of headaches down the line.
If the site doesn't have the fine print available before you join, don't join it, it's common sense.