@_author: lexisgb
@_date: 2014-08-12 15:01:01
maybe because its not a stock.
@_date: 2014-05-13 10:30:58
What paper is this?
@_date: 2014-07-24 09:29:11
That is a rather broad and sweeping comment. I live in London and I am half Polish I certainly have not witnessed or heard of this level of dislike across the majority of the UK population.   
@_date: 2014-07-04 10:23:42
As someone who practices law. I cannot see how this system would be advantageous in meting out Justice. A lot of people assume that there is are cases that are "cut and dry" in Civil Litigation and Criminal Litigation. There is no such thing, or certainly I have never come across any in my entire career.
I am no expert on programming but my meagre understanding is that programming is logic based. Law on the other hand is Logic and Common Sense based (or at least tries to be).
As soon you take a Judge out of the equation you will lose the common sense element. There was recently a famous case in the UK where a home owner badly injured or killed an Armed Burglar who had tied up the Defendants Wife and Children to chairs and burgled the Defendants home whilst he continuously threatened the wife and children. 
The Defendant came home and found the Burglar, got into a fight with him and the Burglar (victim) fled the house. The Defendant then picked up a Cricket Bat and chased the burglar down the road. The Defendant caught him and used the Cricket Bat on the Burglar. 
The Home-owner (Defendant) was found guilty at trial by a Jury as this was considered revenge attack on the victim. A hefty sentence was imposed although the Judge was sympathetic to the Defendant. The Law provided that the Defendant face a lengthy custodial sentence and so the Judge felt he had to follow the law.  
This case was appealed and the Appeal Judge was also sympathetic to the Defendant and realised like the previous Judge that the law was quite strict in terms of the sentence. So what he did was greatly reduce the sentence by handing out a nominal custodial sentence. 
Essentially what he did as a Judge was " avoid the law" and apply common sense to the individual set of circumstance in the case. 
I really cannot see The Protocol that underlies Bitcoin being able to cater to such a situation. Even though the case was rather simple.   
On the other hand I can certainly see how The Protocol could assist the Administration of Justice at the Courts. As any Lawyer knows there are strict deadlines for disclosure of evidence and cross serving evidence. Failure to abide be these can affect the outcome of cases. Often a Judge has to take time out of his day Monitor these deadlines and dispense the relevant punishment for these breaches of disclosure. This can be rather routine and potentially a program could deal with these situations. Therefore freeing up the Judge.  
 
@_date: 2014-05-16 10:34:28
What exactly are we meant to sign up for. Maybe I cant see the wood for trees but there is no actual product or service listed on the website.  
@_date: 2014-06-26 12:40:39
Its good but it seems to me that you are aiming your pamphlet at people who already show some initial interest in the concept of Bitcoin. How about you create a pamphlet that will grab the attention of larger audience i.e. people who have never heard of Bitcoin and are normally not interested Financial Mechanisms/Currencies. If I were to hand this to my wife for example I could guarantee she would put it in the bin within 5 seconds.  
Secondly your font reminds me of the London Underground Posters and Pamphlets. This could be due to the font. Personally this would put me off from looking at it. 
Try to remember that the average Joe has no idea what a public ledger is and probably does not want to find out unless it can be explained quickly and plainly.
Please don't take my criticisms personally as you quite evidently have the right gist. My problem is that all of the leaflets I have seen have never really managed to communicate the idea of Bitcoin to the average Joe. 
For Bitcoin to get more traction and become more successful we need to target these people. Certain key words like Nodes, Public Ledger, Hash functions will and has put people off.      
@_date: 2014-06-19 13:53:39
Last I heard he was in the UK. Evidently the Cypriot authorities have not got around to issuing a European Arrest Warrant yet. 
@_date: 2014-07-18 13:22:02
and then 50 skate by whilst they are talking to the one guy. One highly amusing comedy like You Tube clip. 
@_date: 2014-06-19 15:12:47
From a legal angle, assuming he is in the UK. I do not understand why he feels safer in the UK. All it takes is for someone to report him to the police in the UK and he would be facing one of Laheys famous shit storms.  
@_date: 2014-04-29 13:25:23
Bitcoin is the money of the internet and is made by Computers. You can spend it on what ever you wish. 
Bitcoin is free from overall control by Governments, Banks or any single power hungry individual.
You do not have to ask permission or explain yourself to send large sums of money as you control of your Bitcoin.
Your transaction is completely anonymous, although if necessary you or others (with your permission) can prove that you made the transaction. 
You can send your money(bitcoin) from one end of the planet to the other in 10 mins. with laughably low fees.
Regular money loses value over time. Bitcoin does not, as only 21 million can ever be made.
You can store your bitcoin on Paper, The Internet,Hard Drive or Smart Phone. Your choice your Freedom. 
Please PM for Wallet address. 
@_date: 2014-07-30 12:28:41
NEWS FLASH .......... CEO OF BITCOIN BANS NEW YORK STATE AND PRICE OF BITCOIN PLUMMETS. SPECULATORS BLAME CEO FOR HEAVY HANDED APPROACH TO TOTALITARIAN REGIMES.
@_date: 2015-04-18 19:35:32
CEX store on Tottenham Court Road has a bitcoin atm with minimal spread I hear. 
@_date: 2015-04-16 09:39:08
I use Xapo and their debit card. The " we are unable to verify your device" problem is probably just simply part of their two factor authentication process. I have the same problem. It seems to me they have just have not explained this properly. I've come to this conclusion because Google does the same to my email account. Try using the phone app you can get the code from there directly. 
As for the customer service well a couple of months ago I contacted them about their debit card and they got back to to me within 2 hours offering to send me one. I've recently submitted another query unrelated to the debit card and I have yet to have response. I suspect they are prioritising tickets. 
Overall I would say they have their teething problems but  they seem to be okay an okay bunch. 
@_date: 2015-04-16 09:10:02
Another Sealand in the making. although evidently they are not taking the feudal route ie. handing out titles. 
@_date: 2015-03-04 12:17:31
Very amusing, so amusing I had to send a link to my cousin who works in the financial sector. This is not art this is a new religion and you sir, are a prophet. 
@_date: 2015-02-25 20:57:57
I read an article about this a couple of weeks ago. It's meant to be an art instalation.  The premise being it's meant to create a secret network to exchange information. I belive in some way it's meant to be the physical representation of the Internet. 