@_author: lexmuc
@_date: 2018-08-14 17:11:18
I think the reason why this question is brought up repeatedly is that it is rarely satisfyingly answered (I don't think I can do it in a short post here either, but I'll try anyway).
There are many misunderstandings with regard to Bitcoin's energy consumption. One of them is that the current energy consumption is somehow meaningful in itself. It is only when you consider the dynamics involved. 
Let's say Bitcoin's total energy consumption is at 0.6% of the total global electricity production. This may be a few tenth percent off but only the order of magnitute matters. Now people are arguing whether this is too much or not. Whether it is justified in comparison with other energy consumers and so on.. But it misses the point of the potential growth.
If Bitcoin really takes off either as store of value (digital gold) or transactional currency (the new Dollar), the price will skyrocket (even further) and so will the resources spent on mining.
It is also misleading to relate the used electricity to the number of on-chain transactions. In fact, the resources spent on mining depend mostly on the basic block reward (currently at 12.5 BTC per block, i.e., per 10 minutes). Miners compete for this reward whether blocks are filled with transactions or not. When there are many transactions in a block the reward is slightly higher but currently the 12.5 BTC are far higher than the fees (around 0.5 BTC per block).
The block reward adds up to around 4% of the total number of Bitcoins in existence per year, so we have an inflation of about 4%. This means that 4 billion worth of Bitcoins are earned by the miners per year given that the BTC market cap is at 100 billion. So how much will the miners spend on mining? A bit less than 4 billion, otherwise they wouldn't make a profit. This is the effect of the difficulty adjustment (hashrate) and competition among miners.
The interesting question is how high BTC can go in the next years. If the price rises to 60K, the block reward will be ten times as high as today and roughly 6% of global electricity production will be used for BTC mining (naive calculation ignoring that new power plants might be built for BTC and all used resources are electricity, so ignoring hardware costs). This will inevitably lead to some very negative headlines for Bitcoin.
It is essential to understand that this issue is, at its core, not so much about electricity and the hashrate but about the total cost of the resources directed towards Bitcoin mining. Miners will either build their own power plants or buy electricity from the market, depending on what is cheaper. They could also invest heavily in hardware to the point that hardware costs exceed electricity costs so they can mine at the maximum rate at times when the market provides excess electricity more or less for free.
But don't let people fool you when they say the mining problem is not severe because you can use free excess energy for mining. If it is free, then more resources will be spent until the total cost (close to the block reward) is reached. This cost could be immense.
The block reward halves approximately every 4 years (next halving is scheduled for May 2020,  so in the long run the problem will likely disappear. Transaction fees will become more important for miners and the market will regulate the fees. If people are willing to pay 20 billion per year in fees, one could argue it is justified. But until the basic block reward becomes insiginifcant, it will take a long time, especially for crypto-world standards ;-)
