@_author: lez101
@_date: 2014-03-12 12:37:57
OK, Judah_Mu. This is the first time I'm using reddit. Thanks for your comment.
@_date: 2014-03-12 07:20:46
Dear Investors,
Being an ardent supporter of the Bitcoin revolution, I have been in the Bitcoin community for over 6 months. For the first part of it, watching the market and reading the news; For the second part of it, investing into Bitcoins, trading them and increasing my share of BTC units.
I consider myself and up to a hundred of us living in Kuwait, fortunate to embark upon this new crypto-innovation in its early years. Your support will help us expand the Bitcoin community within the region.
About Me?
I run two businesses (Resource Management Consultancy and Creative Design Studio) and live in Kuwait. I own quite a few Bitcoins and trade a fair-share of them between reputed crypto-exchange sites.
Why am I requesting these funds?
Contrary to the notion of a get-rich-quick scheme, I believe in a currency revolution that could change the way payments are made, facilitating currency transfers from one person/institution to another. This loan request is to purely test this crowd-funding platform and to be a part of a growing community of Bitcoin users. This Bitcoin will be sold locally for a margin, traded against the current profitable coin, or traded in stocks.
Why 1 BTC?
Over the past few weeks, a lot of scam artists have entered and exited the BTCJam portal. Being a new borrower, I would like to build a reputation among the community before I request larger loans. And NO! I do not intend on running away with any of your BTCs in future. I have made quite a few investments on BTCJam listings before I put up my own loan request, and look forward to not only being a borrower, but also an investor within the community.
Your PayPal isn’t verified!
I don’t use PayPal. Never have. However, for my ratings to go up and build up a stronger reputation, I am working on getting a PayPal account. According to the BTCJam support group, it may take 3 months for a new PayPal account to get verified.
Your profile is 80% complete, but still at a D+ rating!
I was at 20% profile completeness and a D rating 24 hours back. Persistent efforts to communicate with the BTCJam support group (Alexis) and by providing necessary documentation, I got bumped up to 80% in less than 24 hours. According to the support group, my ratings would go up as and when I transact more and get feedbacks from my investors.
How can you assure our return on investment?
1. As mentioned above, I have two business incomes to back me up.
2. I am a proud owner of an O-ve blood group and consider my kidneys more valuable than 50 Bitcoins ☺ - Worst Case Scenario!
Thank you for your Investment.
- Leslie Davis.
