@_author: leza89
@_date: 2019-04-16 00:40:14
We can vote on the European Parliament, which is a mere vassal of the European Commission which, to put it nicely, is at best a constitutionary monarchy.
European Commission: Makes laws according to the will of the commissions' president; Is not elected by the people but by the European Council:
European Parliament: Overpaid "Yay or Nay"-sayers, that can be bugged with the same stuff again and again until the Commission gets it's will. (Sounds familiar? Probably; Esp. if you're irish)
@_date: 2019-04-16 00:52:16
Power will always be abused. More power leads to more abusion.
@_date: 2019-04-17 12:36:59
If everyone is allowed to vote for these representatives, you are only facilitating the bribery of the uneducated masses by politicians that promise them free stuff (see AOC's success inspite of her obvious stupidity)
I personally am a fan of "only active taxpayers can vote" since they'll have to pay the bill. Soldiers should get an additional vote (I'm not one) since politicians can basically decide over their lives.
@_date: 2019-04-16 12:22:30
In case you are advocating for a revision of the universal right to suffrage, I'm all ears on your ideas.
Edit: Just to clarify: Voting on the European Parliament is not direct democracy btw. Getting the european Commission appointed by the president of said commission which is appointed by a council of 28 head of states that were appointed by representatives that were elected in intransparent elections (most of them being voted in for party membership, not directly) comes close to dictatorship. I hope you're not advocating for this current "solution" to being a good thing.
@_date: 2019-04-16 00:22:40
The Netherlands kept a record of all of their people's religion so they could adjust the local needs for services accordingly. Citizens happily and voluntarily provided the information in national censuses.
The government of the Netherlands only used this information to improve the quality of life of its citizens.
Then a guy named Adolf showed up and was very pleased to find a detailed source on all the countries' citizens affiliated with the jewish religion, nicely organized, showing full name, address and family members.