@_author: lgommans
@_date: 2019-02-04 19:56:45
The main argument seems to consist of two points:
- Bitcoin miners use renewable energy, and
- said renewable energy is excess and could not be transported over distance.
I'll try an analogy to see if I can explain it that way. Imagine we have 1000 people on the planet and we currently have zero farmers. We're currently living off plants that were there before the humans arrived, but one day, we will run out of food and we will need an estimated 200 farmers. Some people started farming already, and some other people discovered that they can make Bitcoin work using energy from food.
It turns out that Bitcoin takes up a lot of food. The world doesn't have that many farmers yet, and the food reserve is decreasing fast, and people are complaining. "Hold on," someone argues, "Bitcoin takes 80% food from farmers. Those 80% don't impact our food reserves!" That doesn't make any sense: the food it takes from farmers could have gone towards feeding people. Until research gets better or until PoS gets used, we could stop using Bitcoin/PoW. "No," the person continues, "Bitcoin mainly uses excess food that farmers are producing that would otherwise be thrown away. Fresh food cannot be transported over distances." Sure, it takes some extra effort to preserve food, but it can be done.[1] But it also doesn't make any sense. Who'd open up shop (i.e. start farming / produce electricity) if you know you cannot sell it to anyone? Either these farmers are really stupid, or something is wrong here.
Back to the real world, if those renewable sources were not built specifically for Bitcoin, I wonder who ordered them to be built with such huge overcapacity in the middle of nowhere. That doesn't make any sense. And the argument as for why it's not an issue also makes no sense. And they're not even denying that Bitcoin uses the amount of energy claimed.
Which is not to say that De Vries is making sense, by the way. From the quotes in the article, De Vries is hugely exaggerated and made up factoids. But that doesn't mean the opposing view is necessarily correct.
[1] See this subthread:  Particularly that energy losses are not that great, as per articles about harvesting solar from the Sahara and transporting it to Europe.
(Only one source because the rest is just logic or not disputed (e.g. it doesn't seem to be disputed that Bitcoin/PoW takes a lot of energy).)
@_date: 2019-02-06 19:31:42
Ah I see. That is actually a good point: the difficulty does not have to increase with the number of transactions. It should be enough that takeovers are all but impossible, but that doesn't mean you need to increase power consumption linearly with each transaction per block. If Bitcoin became a stable currency with reasonable miner fees and better throughput (that's a lot of ifs, but there is nothing theoretically stopping it as far as I know), it might actually be as efficient as the current industry. Someone would have to calculate that. Of course, unless that happens one day, we're wasting power. And we can't get there without this intermediate stage. So idk.
As an aside, Moore's Law has been grinding to a halt. I thought it was just the media saying so, but I experienced it when I wanted to buy a new laptop after five years, and found the new models to be barely any faster than the old ones (it should have been 2.5 doublings, or 5.7× faster, according to Moore's law[1]). They're more efficient and my new laptop (which has a smaller battery) lasts 4.5 hours instead of 2.5-3 when doing the same tasks (I moved the physical ssd over so the software is 100% identical), but the CPU speed barely increased.
[1] Of course, Moore actually talked about the number of transistors on a chip. It also generally held for computational speed for a constant price, but that's not what Moore actually said :)
@_date: 2019-02-04 19:28:56


The article is an ad hominem attack all over the place. If they had just stuck to truth seeking, it would have been a lot better. This is just really off-putting and makes me look for mistakes (there are plenty places where the author makes no sense) and write it off as some opinionated piece rather than a factual source.
@_date: 2019-02-04 19:24:05
I saw that in the article and that sounds like crap. Looking it up:




Even if it were much more than that, even if you lose 10%, that's still 90% of the energy you can sell instead of not selling it. Letting Bitcoin miners suck renewable energy up and argue it's not bad is beyond logic.
@_date: 2019-02-04 19:45:38




You're not making sense. Perhaps the first computer was, but the whole point of a PC is that it came into your home.
Anyway, you're also not making sense if we overlook semantics. Bitcoin, or any PoW system, cannot become more efficient (=use less energy or use less computational power) because if it did, it would be cheaper for an attacker to take over the network. If the network does 10 trillion hashes per second (I'm making that number up as an example), then an attacker will have to generate 10 trillion + 1 hashes per second for however long they want their attack to run (in Bitcoin's case, the traditional advice is about an hour). If bitcoin becomes "more efficient", then we can just do more hashes for the same cost.