@_author: lhcryptofuture
@_date: 2018-01-09 08:50:11
SO for those who are intrigued by a challenging tax scenario on crypto, please read my predicament and it will amuse you. My two big questions from my situation are:
1) how likely will the IRS look into my case, and how to avoid it?
2) how can I calculate on the gains on my arbitrage since I am dealing internationally?
My intention is that whatever I do, I want to be 100% compliant with the IRS and all necessary tax reporting.
Currently, I have this big plan for the arbitrage trading on crypto. YES and YES! Another fool who is talking about this stupid shit again. NOT REALLY! Let me tell you I have already set up all the necessary preps such as having exchange accounts and banking accounts in both countries ( I am a legal resident in this foreign country and I can legally make transactions dealing with crypto) and I have tried and succeeded in this one complete cycle. I am not going to reveal what country, but I can guarantee you I have closed out on all the possible holes that could derail my plan. Only thing I am not sure is how the gains I receive from this arbitrage will  be taxed. And I do not want any unnecessary probe from the IRS, not because what I am doing is illegal, but rather I just want to avoid a major headache of dealing with the IRS.
So let's say, the initial investment that I will be putting into my US exchange will come from my personal account in the US, and it will  be around 500K. After the first round of arbitrage trade, let's say my total asset becomes700K, of which will be in the local currency and I will withdraw it from my foreign crypto exchange and convert that into USD cash (Currency market in this country is real easy, as this amount of money is no big deal in the market). I then will be going to deposit this money in an American bank that is currently in this country (don't need to wire the money back to the US, therefore). And with this 700K, I repeat the process over and over.
So as you can see, I will have a big amount of CASH MONEY being deposited each time to start each cycle. and I know all American banks are required to report any cash deposit more than $10K. The IRS will more than likely be interested in where all this CASH comes from. Will this alone make them investigate into my case? Since I am putting the deposited money into my US exchange account, they can see where the money is going though, right? However, once I send the crypto (of which I buy from the deposited money) from the US exchange to the foreign exchange, can the IRS still track the money movement? Also, from this arbitrage, how do I calculate the tax? Do I treat this like a short term capital gain where I calculate the difference of the buying and selling price (even though the selling was in a foreign currency)?
If the IRS cannot track my foreign exchange account or the foreign bank account  (my foreign bank has all my US info), how do I prove that the crypto actually did originate from the US, and each CASH deposit is coming from the previous cash deposit? In all, the origin of the whatever amount I will occur in the next two-three months (I am hoping around $3 Mil, LOL) is from my original investment, and I can prove it easily as long as the IRS can see the entirety of my money movement.
Any thoughtful comment would be appreciated. And again, please don't try to put me down by saying things like "oh you haven't thought about this and that," because I already have tested out the whole cycle with a small amount and it DOES WORK.