@_author: lhun
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:04:19
Yeah, and that's pretty great. Segwit is already upping transactions for btc and it's mostly working itself out. Segwit wallets are easy and gdax/coinbase support them and that helps. I want to use bitcoin like a debit card, most people see the utility in a bankless banking system. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:51:44
Also, Lightning Labs are basically one of the best things to happen to bitcoin, and they somehow have 640 subscribers on youtube. This further proves that the vast, vast majority of people don't really get how bitcoin works.
To anyone who is really confused, this is how I explain it: Bitcoin is a very efficient means of verifying and recording a true and honest transaction took place - worldwide over the internet without the need to trust a third party like a bank or a company like visa. Have you ever had a bank error happen to you? This is almost entirely fundamentally impossible with cryptocurrency. If people still don't get it I tell them the following: 
What blockchain truly accomplishes through very solid mathematics - in laymen's terms: the equivalent of several third parties physically watching you pull a dollar bill out of your pocket and handing it to someone (Pat). They record the fact that it was TRULY YOU (Quin) on a LEDGER (like your bank account statement) who handed over that dollar bill to Pat, and that it was TRULY Pat who received it. They also make sure you didn't take it back, or hand over counterfeit money. The dollar has a serial number only they know, as well. 
They then take a picture of Quin paying Pat $1, lock it in a box, and Quin, Pat, and the Observer decide on a secret word only they know that opens the box: to prove to anyone that it took place. This would take a really long time to guess (but not tooooooo long). Every time we give a dollar we pick a new one. We stick another unique password inside only used once that only Quin knows, that hides the serial number of the bill so they can call them when they open the box and make sure they really sent it - then send a million billion trillion copies around the world (essentially) with a little spare change as incentive to send the message around and pay the people doing so for their trouble.
People then get to work on guessing their password. That's really hard and takes a long time and everyone is trying to guess it at the same time - so we can be sure that by the time someone DOES guess our little password it the odds that the lock that opens our message is the correct one. We don't trust the first person who solves our password right away either - but keep them in mind. So we wait until a bunch of people open our millions of letters by guessing the same password and the contents are exactly the same as we said they were (quin pays pat $1). And they all call Quin and tell her "your code is x" and she says yes, and that unlocks the serial number which Pat confirms. This is done just in case someone was listening in and tried to send a counterfeit letter that Quin paid John $100 or something, and the odds of someone sending out more fake letters then real ones and guessing all three passwords is so close to 0 it doesn't matter. Once everyone is satisfied that the letters are legit, everyone writes down in their own copy of the record that Quin definitely paid Pat $1 - and the longest string of records with the same results wins. (this is a blockchain). 
Oh, and that guy who opened the box first? As incentive to play the guessing game and to get more people to play the game too and help our system of letters grow - we give him some money, like a lottery. We put a bunch of money hidden away just for the lottery before we started our idea but once it's all used up we'll stop doing that. That lottery money just happens to be the same money we use to conduct transactions, but people need to be paid for their work somehow and US dollar bills aren't compatible with our letter boxes. 
Eventually once all the lottery money is gone we'll pay people in the little bits of change we use to incentivize sending letters around. The idea was to get people excited about participating in the system, and once there's enough people participating there will be lots of little bits of change to go around to cover people doing the work.
And that's it.
@_date: 2017-12-11 01:33:46
that's kinda how lightning works. It's a side chain of different addresses, and that's fine. All other alt-coins are spawns of the idea of bitcoin anyway so using them to ferry wealth around is just fine too. Some networks do that anyway. WE do that anyway with FOREX. This isn't bad or odd.
@_date: 2019-10-13 17:48:49
Everything they do except at reality labs and oculus.
@_date: 2017-11-21 16:50:04
I would probably recommend at this point because of the difficulties or timing in getting one maybe getting one second hand and seeing it working before you buy it on a local classifieds site. Go to crypto meetups. They're out there, but I guess it's hard to get the directly from suppliers.
The funny thing is that a rig for something like nicehash costs about the same brand new, and for around 5k you generate the same btc mining altcoins as you do mining btc directly, and I don't know if that's a coincidence or a consequence of entropy. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 15:06:33
how does the world handle the natural loss of platinum in cars?
@_date: 2017-11-21 16:17:16
The problem is that if nobody is mining then the network doesn't work. The less people mine, the more profitable it becomes to mine.
As the value of the coin goes up, meager returns will be profitable. 
Will it be profitable in the short term to mine vs buying and holding coin? No. Will it be profitable over time to mine? Probably. 
Asic will reach a floor eventually where it will be too expensive to produce smaller micron silicon to do the math - and for a while mining hardware will be profitable again. 
It'll take some time - but we will always need miners. I personally would maybe stick 5k on an antminer a9 since difficulty is going down and buy the rest. In a pool you can recover the cost of the antminer in 10 months if everything stays the same or the price keeps going up. (difficulty down 25%)
@_date: 2017-11-21 16:35:23
it's pretty simple to explain the miner's role. Instead of paying and trusting a central entity like amazon/your bank/whoever to host, operate, verify, and secure your accounting database: we instead enlisted the power of individuals who wish to allocate some computing resources to the task, and made a system that allowed us to do so securely without any risk of tampering. We reward them for their efforts with the very token the network runs on. 
Another analogy: I brew beer and want your help. With two of us, we can split the cost and effort of producing the final product: Beer. I sell my beer, you instead want to be paid in the beer itself for your efforts. More and more people want in on the profit from beer, so the cost of making it goes up. What people are willing to pay for beer changes, too. 
It's just that people need to understand that a token which is unique and physically exists - and the software prevents people from faking them. They can be lost or stolen just like the digital photos on your harddrive can be lost or stolen. It's a little different than a credit card - the "money" on the credit card doesn't physically exist. It's more like an accountless /passwordless gift card. You can reload it, but if you lose the gift card you're boned.
The difference is that we can prove the identity and address of the owner via a very complex password and ledger - which is not something you can do with a bank or cash. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 14:52:36
oh, the one thing about this system is that people can still make errors. You can destroy or lose anything of real physical value and the same is true of the blockchain. If you lose your wallet backups and password the physical commodity (and a coin is a physical thing - it only exists in the wallet address it was sent to and due to it's inability to be replicated thanks to the record itself) or lose the physical commodity itself, it's gone. 
The difference is that you can make many copies of the commodity without being able to spend those copies independently, which makes it better then cash in that one way. The only way for money to change hands is for someone to gain physical access to your wallet or for a token to be transferred from one address to another.
@_date: 2017-11-21 14:42:10
It absolutely is a revolution in a huge number of fields, the technology itself. I fundamentally understand it and I've been working on ways to explain it to people more simply. 
Explaining it to ordinary folks is a bit tough because they don't understand that math can make truly unbreakable locks, and they don't understand the idea that by NOT giving someone the hash to your hash and then decrypting a message via brute force makes it true.
The real revolution is that it's an indelible, distributed database of transactions that is independently verified by proving a message was written by the sender.
Here's a good way to break it down: 
Rather than trusting bank's computer systems (which are centralized and owned by them) to always be correct, for records to never be fudged, or falsified, and never make mistakes, and never suffer outages or have the ability to be modified: satoshi invented a software system that creates an indelible transaction record and addressing system. This index of transactions - which is itself impossibly encrypted and verified by consensus we call a blockchain. What that means is that there are lots of "witnesses" to a transaction - lots of independent computers verifying that a transaction from one address went to another address. This network costs a lot of computer power to run, but all nodes communicate with one another automatically over the internet and safely again due to insanely complex encryption that no number of computers could break before the heat death of the universe.
As an an incentive to using the network: when work is done on the transaction record (we call this a blockchain) people who are allocating computer resources to the network are rewarded with a token as a representation of the work they've done to help run it. We call this a "coin". The bitcoin blockchain network rewards "bitcoin". It's become very hard and expensive to do work on the network because there are many many people using it, and since bitcoins are used like arcade tokens (and just like arcade machines) the price to play goes up because the demand is high. 
The thing is, the alternative is "the cloud". People understand the cloud. It's a bunch of server farms run by big companies and we pay them tokens (dollars) to do work for us. 
The blockchain distributes this system among the people and rewards them with a new token for participating. That's all. The value is in the network itself. Bitcoin exists and holds value because the ledger is safe and true. When you send a token to someone else you can guarantee it got to the address you sent it to - without trusting banking systems and their computers to do so. The other thing about the token is that it can't be generated out of thin air - and the number of tokens you can make is limited, much like the human resources we have to mine gold. There's only so much gold - and there will only be so much bitcoin. We can chop it up into infinitely small pieces though - and since there will always be more value in 1x bitcoin then a small chunk of bitcoin, incentive to run the network will always be high. 
The other catch is that just like in the real world, if people stop participating the ease at which you generate new tokens goes up - just like if everyone stopped mining for gold it would be easier to find for the average person by looking where the gold was and mining it yourself. It's essentially self fulfilling. 
Now bitcoin itself exists as a transparent transaction system, the "point" of the network is a distributed money system - but the blockchain network technology itself can replace a great deal of things that require high accuracy trading of a commodity and security of the computer systems therein. 
Like, for example, people's medical records - with a blockchain those could be instantly accessed everywhere, highly private, and you would not need to convert information from one medical record system to another. 
Scientific data like weather monitoring station records could be put on a blockchain to prevent bad actors from modifying the numbers. 
Stock market commodities trading could be done on a blockchain. 
Shipping manifests. Farmer's crop values. The list goes on and on. 
Any time you need to "account" for something (ie, government taxes, social assistance payments, etc) you have to trust an organization's individual computer networks and infrastructure to fail. With the blockchain, it cannot. It's value also cannot be manipulated by governments, and it cannot be seized or frozen like a bank account. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 17:42:35
 it was actually one of the earliest realizations. 
You are missing a central concept. If you take a blockchain at face value you're storing values that are automatically verified through cryptographic consensus on a distributed network without the need of a central database. Updating those numbers is simple and the transactions on the update are verified. It's a database of addresses and values that has an infinitely long changelog, that is impervious to tampering. That's the power of it. 
That's the power of the blockchain as the framework. Textual data compresses insanely well. There's some things you might need to store off network, but technology like maidsafe and even bittorrent for that matter solve that with DHT and infohashes. Store those instead. Provide coins/tokens for storage of small encrypted chunks of data as well as doing proof of work. Small private blockchains will forge incredible software solutions that will take us away from server centralization in time, I believe. 
That's kinda the idea behind Golem and Eth and many others actually. 
Bitcoin serves to decentralize financial accounting and transfer systems from banks and exchanges and give people the power to move what is essentially "cash" or "gold" digitally. This technology is so dangerous to them that big financial institutions are trying to make altcoin blockchains to have control over it, since the costs and risks are so much lower. It erases the need to invest in huge security and physical servers and resources to secure the privacy and veracity of transactions, or the trade or access to physical goods to store value in escrow when exchanging currency, etc. 
"Ripple" is a big one that the banks have latched onto. 
@_date: 2013-12-13 03:39:04
Thank you.
@_date: 2013-12-12 23:18:23
BTC's only value currently was that it was the first run of the invention. Yes, LTC is based on the same thing, but it innovates on it and makes it better.  How is a ASIC/FP resistant hashing method a bad thing?
@_date: 2013-12-12 23:20:36
It is different. It uses a parallel resistant algorithm which insures it's longevity once quantum becomes available. Every bitcoin will be mined in a matter of days once we have a scaling quantum computer, and then what? It's not a clone, it's an innovation on the invention ensuring long-term viability. Really, they should just merge. 
@_date: 2013-12-12 23:51:19
I'm trying to protect people from the absolute fact that your currency will be completely mined out in probably a couple of years or less, and that's bad? 
@_date: 2013-12-12 23:30:46
Oh really? Do you really, really understand why Scrypt works and SHA-256 does not?  You don't. You're a true believer, and sadly, that's why you're blinded to the obvious fact that bitcoin, unless it makes a network wide patch to it's algorithm to make it resistant to parallel processing, will fail.
@_date: 2013-12-13 00:01:37
BTC CAN'T make a network wide patch to it's algorithm, without destroying every bitcoin in the system, that's the problem. The moment a purpose built quantum comes on the scene, the bitcoins are completely gone to one person and devalued to 0 in a matter of days. LTC can't have that happen because the ram needed WILL NEVER EXIST because of the morton's fork nature of Scrypt.