@_author: li5jtjefod8gu4
@_date: 2013-05-18 02:04:32
It's the winklevoss twins with their 100K +++ bitcoins, sitting in their living-room with each a laptop, having a blast and a major lulz setting up fake barriers and buying eachothers coins and vice-versa in order to make it look like shit hits the fan and all go crazy buying.
Then they go to bed for a couple days, and come back when enough ppl have bought some coins then slam on the huge badass selloff and get them all scared and makem panic-sell straight into the winklevoss bear-trap 20% below price.
Then they fire up their huge black SUV and picks up some neat lookin' chicks. Party-time!
Then, repeat next week.
@_date: 2013-05-26 04:12:02
ARGH! So thats why i always got this dang insane headache and feel very hot all the time while weird numbers and stuff flash by my eyes!
My joke backfired, I'm actually pretty sure what I just wrote is actually true now.
@_date: 2013-06-30 10:45:34
Answers I would send back:
Question 1: What was the reason for purchasing these bitcoins?
Answer: The reason is simple; I'm fed up by your bank's ridiculous nazi-behavior towards your customers.
Question 2: What is the anticipated use of these bitcoins?
Answer: Exactly the same anticipation as I have towards your fiat currency; as a store-of-value and to purchase products and services online.
Question 3: Do you anticipate making further bitcoin purchases? 
Answer: None of your business. And no, I don't need to describe how often and the approximate amounts to you. It's my money and I'm sure I can quite easy find another bank than yours to handle my money.
Now for a counter-question to you as a bank:
1: Does it feel good to have that giant sized banker-dildo up your ass when you write these kind of letters to your customers?
2: What is the anticipated use of this giant dildo currently occupying the space in your ass?
3: Do you anticipate to force further giant dildos up your ass? If so, please describe how often you will force giant dildoes up your ass, and the approximate amount.
@_date: 2013-06-11 11:51:26
@_date: 2013-05-26 03:55:40
Paranoid? I'll give you paranoid... 
Ask yourself this question:
You are right now, staring at your screen reading this message. How do you know the "physical" things behind you still exists behind you, if you are not looking in that direction?
And how do you know this text you are reading right now, has been written by a "human"? Or any of the text anywhere at reddit, or the entire internet for that matter?
What if all this shit is just a freakin' illusion? The whole world outside the reach of your current peripheral-vision may be just a huge imaginary fake 3D rendered world, where YOU are the only "real entity", and everything else is just manufactured to make you belive it's "there" when you happen to look in a particular direction.
Welcome to the "big world", buddy. You THINK you are living a "real" life, with friends, family and all that shit. But in reality, you're all alone, in a freakin' computer-experiment, while the "creator" (god) who made it; is watching your every move, laughing his ass off every time you have a "accidental bad day" whenever he push the "create bad day" button in order to give himself a good laugh.
Worst-case scenario: 
You don't even have a body. You're just a freakin' naked brain, submerged in a fluid which keeps it alive, while all the nerve-endings into your brain has been directly connected to a powerful computer supplying it with 100% fake signals and sensory-data, making you believe you are a person having a "life" on this "planet", in this "universe". At the end of the day, your just a sick twisted experiment crafted by a mad scientist in a dang basement-lab. And when the research-fund has been exhausted, your lights go out. Poof. Just like that. 
And "they" created all this, just to make you believe bitcoin is a failure and a bubble!