@_author: liberalsexist
@_date: 2017-03-13 13:48:23
Well and all you do is incorrectly interpret my words in a way that benefits your argument.
1) I never stated that I am experiencing issues setting up BitPay, but rather that I want to consult a credible source before doing so.
2) I am not looking for an "expert source of information", but as I have stated numerous times before I am looking for a source of information or an expert in the field I could consult (two different things, when you combine them they look silly and make me look silly)
3) "Google is a reliable source". Don't get me started on this one, if you think so I don't know what are you doing on this thread in the first place, but just to educate you a little bit Google is a search engine NOT a source big difference (and very, very far from a reputable source by any means). Examples of reputable sources: academic journals, expert interviews, independent company releases. So for my purposes neither just throwing Google at me nor Bitpay docs does not help.
By the way that you listed vaguely related authorities it appears as you have some knowledge on the topic and I simply cannot understand your motivation behind what appears as purposeful misinterpretation of my post in order to pick a meaningless fight rather than helping me conduct research on the topic (which I assume you are somewhat interested in as you chose to comment on this post in the first place). 
@_date: 2017-03-11 15:21:03
And could you please link to a reputable source that support your opinion?
@_date: 2017-03-13 11:17:25
Well the thing is that I am indeed ready to put forth the legwork and I simply need assistance in conducting my research. Yet I am unable to understand why do you get so salty about that?
If you would just point to the sources of information used in the post that you gave above that would be more than enough for my purposes.
@_date: 2017-03-13 10:13:50
No offense, but can you please read the question I wrote?
I am looking for a person to point me to a reputable source or an expert in the field to consult with rather than users giving me their opinion (which I appreciate, but it does not help with my issue). Could you please point me to a resource which I could consult?
@_date: 2017-03-13 10:11:51


Thank you for the information, but sadly your comment does not replace information from a reputable source. Could you please point me to that?
@_date: 2017-03-11 15:22:43
I am more concerned about the fact that I am no expert in the field and the payment method seems very specific, so its possible for me to make a dumb mistake without consulting an expert opinion first. 