@_author: libertyfive3000
@_date: 2013-11-09 23:25:01
Consider purchasing an amount you'd be ok with being halved in the next couple weeks. This way, you'll have some left over to purchase more if the price does come down considerably. If it goes up, thats ok too, because you got some before the rise. Just an idea. That is how I like to do it, but you have to do what you're most comfortable with. Hope that idea helped some buddy. Excellent user name, my friend.
@_date: 2013-11-11 01:37:50
Well, you did an excellent job using the copy paste function!
@_date: 2013-11-10 02:25:28
This is probably the best bitcoin related comment I've ever seen. Thanks for writing what I will be emailng to friends who I teach about bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-26 00:05:11
Bears think it will tank because 1) most of them sold at $250-350 and are bitter. Many of them say "it will crash, it's doomed, etc etc" because they want it to. Yes, it has had exponential growth and that growth may be unsustainable. So? 
2) You'll find that 99% of people in the bitcoinmarkets sub are comparing whats happening in the BTC to market to a) what happened in the past with btc market, b) what happens in some cherry picked stock markets c) what happens in other types or markets and d) geometric sequences (seriously).... Markets can't be predicted, and comparing it to the stock market is like apples and oranges. Yes they are both fruit, but they are very different.
Valid arguments are that the popularity of BTC grows more quickly that it is being adopted by vendors. Driving the price up higher than it can authentically gain value. It is in a weird spot. As millions of people start purchasing it, thousands more vendors will start accepting it too. Although the speculative investors seem to be out-pacing the vendors at this moment. Does that mean it will crash and burn in hell and you will die? No. Not even sorta.
I think a lot of people are naive about how large China is. It DWARFS the US. In neither of those countries has BTC saturated any considerable percent of the market and only a small fraction of the population uses/trades/knows what it is. Can all of China (or the US) get involved? No - but a hell of a lot more people in each country can. My point is that it can grow in the countries it IS in. It can/will grow to other countries it isn't YET in, and the vendors accepting it and the real world applications of it are growing steadily too. Maybe slower, but they are growing. 
**EDIT** My numbering.
@_date: 2013-11-25 19:02:20
I already commented, but I didn't exactly answer that question. Some of those factors include the growth of vendors who accept it, the legitimacy it has gained from not being shot to hell by ~~big brother~~ US government, lots of people looking to invest (could be good or bad), it spreading to additional countries, etc.
@_date: 2013-11-25 18:53:03
I'm not sure which of the following you are doing, saving/investing half and currently living on half of what you make - or saving half and can use the other half as you please. 
If the first:
You have to be realistic about your goal. If you are going to fall short of it by saving, then your options become 1) work more, or 2) roll the dice.
If the later:
You're probably being wise about saving half the traditional way and considering some more lucrative strategies with the other half. Maybe shift it to a 60/40 save/invest to be sure you will have enough when abroad. 
I'm bullish on BTC but I don't deny the very real possibility of a major correction/crash/collapse. The bears have made some arguments that are very legitimate, and should be taken seriously. I think most of their predictions are for shorter team market fluctuations. I can't speak for everyone, but I think most people are bullish long(er) term. 
As always, there is inherent risk. BTC has a LOT of growing to do and there may be several speed bumps along the way. The last couple years and the exponential global adoption have been encouraging. Realistically, it's just scratched the surface of its potential. - This doesn't mean something can't or won't go awry. 
With that being said, I think 6 months from now it will have grown. Significantly. Will it "go on sale" between now and then? Very possibly. Would that stop ME from getting my feet wet? No. 
Hope this helps some buddy. 
*Just thought of this: If you get some, keep a few for your travel. It would be really cool for you to update everyone on your trip as you use some BTC while you're over there. 
@_date: 2013-11-03 23:06:09
Could someone get into a blockchain.info account without malware or a key logger? 
@_date: 2013-11-09 14:09:50
In this example, can the Armory application be on your primary or online computer? I was under the impression it had to be on a permanently offline computer? But I am a computer moron, so...
@_date: 2013-11-03 21:24:05
Thanks for the help! That is more simple than I realized...
Any thoughts on keeping some in blockchain.info?
@_date: 2013-11-11 14:59:27
Ok, so.......? 
Just kidding.