@_author: libertyentrepreneurs
@_date: 2016-06-06 15:26:22
the new president of the Philippines seems to be quite a control-freak.  I wonder how much of these "hard regulations" will actually help...
@_date: 2016-06-06 15:37:21
Show Notes from the website:
My guest today is Josh Scigala, Co-founder and CEO of Vaultoro, a gold vaulting company which has integrated bitcoin wallets and payments.  Basically, Vaultoro is a welcomed on-ramp for hard money advocates (aka “Gold Bugs”) to easily preserve their value in the precious metal while opening them up to the amazing technological advantages of crypto-currencies and Bitcoin.  
We all know that Gold is a great hedge against inflation (aka when governments print too much money), but what about Bitcoin?  Do Gold and Bitcoin only compete with each other or do they have differences that are complimentary?  Should we choose one or the other or is the best option a combination of the two different “free market” monies?  
Josh didn’t start in precious metals and Bitcoin, but instead his first entrepreneurial experience was creating a website where women could exchange clothes.  He was creating the “sharing economy” long before Uber or AirBnB ever existed.  Listen to Josh’s story about how he was getting NO press coverage at all until he made a very small change in the business model and then was being mentioned in all sorts of women’s magazines and publications.  What was his secret?  The simplicity may surprise you!  
Later, Josh decided that Gold (and eventually Bitcoin) had so much potential to allow people to become free, that he had to build a business around this idea and created Vaultoro.com.  While gold has been money for &gt;3000 years, it still has a major problem…it’s very hard to transport and spend.  On the other hand, Bitcoin (another Free Market money) is quite easy to transport and spend.  The combination of the two was so powerful to Josh that he focused in and became determined to build a safe, convenient storage facility and marketplace to exchange USD, gold and Bitcoin while integrating blockchain technology to prove gold reserves.  
We chat about the current state of the economy, he’s failures as an entrepreneur and the difference between talk and action.  
 
Favorite quote:
“Everyone has a $1M idea, but it’s only worth about $1 until you execute on it”.
 
Contact details::
Email: joshua
Twitter:   
Facebook: 
Vaultoro homepage:  
 
Rate us on iTunes!  
@_date: 2016-06-08 17:12:36
boooo to censorship!  (we cover this in detail during the interview)
@_date: 2016-06-22 18:43:27
i've never had an issue with ShapeShift.  Fast confirmation times for all of my transactions.  Sry you feel otherwise, but they are definitely NOT crooks.  
@_date: 2016-06-06 15:14:02
Show notes via website.
After the “dot com” bust in early 2000’s, Dimtry found it difficult to find a computer science (programming) job.  He went back to school and found a passion for finance and economics.  After some time working as a financial analysis and consultant, his passion turned to Bitcoin.  Now, with a background in computer science and finance, crypto-currencies made a lot of sense, both as a technology and as money.  
The way Dimtry got his start was by hanging out on Reddit.com (where he gained a reputation of honesty, technical know-how and financial expertise.  When the Bitcoin wallet company, Mycelium, needed to hire talent, they reached out directly and hired Dimtry very quickly.  Yes, he was hired because of his high quality Reddit posts.  Don’t let anyone tell you that you’re wasting time on Internet news and discussion forums!  
Although Dimtry joined incredible Bitcoin company, he was hired as a “Brand Manager”.  Basically he was in charge of building the brand and doing PR work (posting on social media, Reddit, etc).  While this was rewarding, Dimtry knew that his skills were more valuable to the Mycelium team and he basically created a new role for himself within the company…as the Product Manager.  
Within the Mycelium team, Dimtry saw misused resources and clogged communication channels between departments and team members.  In order to be successful, these issues needed to be resolved and he knew what to do.  
Now as the Mycelium Product Manager, Dimtry has a lot more responsibility to promote and grow the company how he believes is the best way forward.  A recent press release informed the Bitcoin community that a “major update” was coming which would (hopefully) solidify Mycelium as the “Apple App Store for Crypto  financial tools”.  
With a new plugin-API platform, Bitcoin companies will now be able to plug directly into one of the most popular Bitcoin wallets available on the market and access to &gt;250,000 users (aka potential clients).  
Imagine being able to log in to your Bitcoin wallet, and downloading different apps to best suit your own personal finance goals.  Maybe a budget app, or networth app or potentially additional security features.  It’s just like the Google Play or Apple App Store where the entrepreneurs and engineers of the Bitcoin community can build and offer amazing and convenient tools and apps.  
 
Mycelium Crowdsale
To fund the development of the new wallet API platform, Mycelium decided to hold a crowdsale where investors buy stock appreciation tokens which proves their ownership.  While this has been popular in the Cryto space (ie Ethereum, Augur, DAO, etc) it is very uncommon to provably own shares of a company.  Sorry standard stock/equity traders, you do NOT own those shares.  This is yet another way that crypto-currencies are providing additional security, privacy and accountability to the investment space.  
How do investors get paid or make money if they bought into the crowdsale?  Are they paid in dividends or is it only capital gains?  
Freedom Segment
“Everyone works from home, we collaborate via email and Skype, which gives everybody the ability to work on their on time, wherever they want to.”
“[Being an Entrepreneur] allows me to not just ride on the ship, but I’m actually steering the ship as a captain of industry”
“With my salary being in Bitcoin, I can take them and spend them anywhere in the world basically.  I can take all of my money, travel wherever I want to and work from wherever I want to.”  
One of the best ways to get noticed is to go to meetings, go to conferences, meetups, chat on Reddit and build a bulletproof reputation.  Your face will get recognized
Contact Info:
Mycelium email: info
Mycelium website: 
Dmitry’s LinkedIn:  
Dmitry’s Email: rassah
 
**Rate us on iTunes!  
@_date: 2016-11-04 16:48:37
I don't know Chris personally (never met him) but the idea behind Arcade City is really forward thinking.  I'm not telling anyone to invest in the crowd-sale until you to your own due diligence.  The great thing is that it's all voluntary.  You are forced to do anything (not even listen to my podcast)
That said, I was paid to promote the podcast...I just think it's a really neat idea.  
@_date: 2016-11-04 15:01:06
Sup everyone?  Nice to see a btc rally O_o
Ashe here and I recently interviewed Christopher David of Arcade City about how they plan to disrupt (and eventually end) the centralized sharing economy like Uber and Airbnb.  
Check it out and lemme know what you think!
@_date: 2016-10-16 02:39:40
Hope you all enjoy my interview with Jason King.  He's a great example of how the Free Market (and the Bitcoin community) can help Feed the Hungry and   We don't need no government meddling!  
@_date: 2017-05-17 19:11:12
Show notes are found on the website and we cover:
1. Being an early Bitcoin entrepreneur (BitInstant, Satoshi Dice, etc)
2. Gold, Silver and why Peter Schiff refuses to embrace "free market" crypto-money
3. How Entrepreneurs keep their clients safe (rather than gov regulations)
4. The current "Alt-coin bubble" and what it means
5. Comments on the on-going block size debate drama.  
Enjoy :)  