@_author: liberatemen
@_date: 2014-01-16 18:20:58
The Proof of Bandwidth is only a part of the rest of the The Bitcloud Cryptography Law (BCL). The BCL is a new revolutionary idea, an advanced version of the Proof of Stake.
It includes a lot of laws governing the Bitcloud net. In adition to the laws, there will be a mechanism to check if the law is acomplished by the nodes, and enforcement. For example, if a node refuses to serve what is requested or try to cheat the system, it is penalized and/or banned.
We have written only a small part of it, and REALLY open for discussion of the details, so if you are a developer, you can help us to design the perfect system.
Check it out:
@_date: 2014-01-16 19:10:27
Not he same thing.
They don't generate money from bandwidth sharing, so they don't motivate nodes.
We have moderator to which nodes can attach to, and ensure content avaiability.
We also ensure good quality by the appliance of our rigid laws, so we ensure that only quality connections do happen.
We will support embeding into web pages.
And so on.
@_date: 2014-01-16 18:07:36
We have not finally defined everything yet, but we are REALLY open for development ideas.
Any ideas or questions you have, please ask.
@_date: 2014-01-16 18:03:21
No, we have many ideas to this.
You can see how the routing is done here:
Bassically, any user is connected to really RANDOM nodes, and only the random nodes selected can generate the money. The process for now (open to discussion) is:
    The User Router finds 4 random nodes. This router is coded in the user interface. Dispersion Law
    The User Router asks the 4 nodes to find a route to the content. Service Law
    Nodes answer with route data. Service Law
    The User Router select the fastest. The fastest is calculated in function of the data retrieved in the last point, and usually is a combination of bandwidth available and shortest distance. In the example, Node3 is the fastest because it happens to be also a Final Node for the requested content. The second fastest should be Node2 because it has more connections to nodes having the content. If the requested content is cached in any of the Nodes, it should be considered as fast as actually being a Final Node.
    Money is generated only in the User Router’s connected nodes, never in the Final Nodes to avoid short circuits. Only exception is when the Final Node is also one of the connected nodes. Bandwidth Law
    If a Final Node denies service, Service Law is applied.
    Optionally, connected nodes can cache the content so they don’t need to retrieve the content from the Final Nodes if the content is requested often.
    While the User is downloading/uploading the content, it must inform all the connected nodes about the quality of the connection. If quality is low, he can select another route from another node and denounce about the issue to the other nodes, so they can apply the law. See “User Router” section for a better explanation. Bandwidth Law
    If quality is low, an Investigation Process to find the culprit is executed. Culprit can be the Final Node, the connected Node, both, or none. Bandwidth Law - Check low quality culprit section.
    User is banned if he tries to abuse bandwidth or the law. Bandwidth Law - Abuse check section.
    Law is enforced when at least 3 of the 5 workers agrees (the 5 workers are 1 user + 4 nodes).
@_date: 2014-01-16 16:58:51
It is not like that, nodes only get what they want by selecting the moderators they want to get attached to.
@_date: 2014-01-16 18:15:41
We are generating money from bandwidth sharing, we don't use bitcoin at all, but users can exchange to bitcoin or dollars.
We don't know how fast are we going to develop this, but we are sure that we alone can't do so. That is why we are asking for your help.
People can be paid by several ways: advertising, bandwidth sharing, donations, moderations services, and most importantly, our system is really scalable and very difficult to censor.
We are a small group of developers and marketers. I've been working as a private programmer and this is my first important free software. Other programmers have done other projects, including free software.
Anyway the important thing here is the idea. Do you like it or not? Will you contribute?
@_date: 2014-01-16 17:59:34
We have a nice solution, and that is called The Bitcloud Cryptography Law (BCL).
It is a serie of laws, an advanced version of Proof of Stake, implemented to ensure that everyone is acting as they should.
Every single thing in the Bitcloud is governed by those laws, and there will be judges and veredicts, so only when the entire net agrees, money is generated or transactions approved.
Please, feel free to contact me.
Meanwhile, you can see the paper I'm writing here:
@_date: 2014-01-16 19:06:33
We are providing more things appart from just media. For example, we introduce the concept of moderators, and we ensure quality of content by our rigid laws that every node must follow. We'll include personal storage too, and protected content that cannot be censored.
Appart, if we don't control how the bandwidth is shared, we can't generate money from it.
@_date: 2014-01-16 18:47:52
You analisys is interesting and we have already thought many of those problems, you can read about routing here:
Bassically, a user connects to several random nodes (4 for now) and request the content to all of them. Then, the fastest one is selected, and while the content is being downloaded the user informs the other nodes about that. Everything is checked by the Bitcloud Cryptography Law (BCL), which is an advanced version of the Proof of Stake algorithm, judged and enforced by consensus:
Please join us and we can discuss the details as we are writing it down.
@_date: 2014-01-16 18:32:17
Do you know anything about Satoshi?
I'm a graduated computer scientist, but that shouldn't matter in regard to this project. Just answer: do you like the idea or not?
If you like it, join us. I mean... only if you are able to, perhaps you think you are not prepared.
@_date: 2014-01-16 17:49:27
Hello, I'm Javier, the one who is writing the technical paper.
You can check it out here:
As you see, many parts are blank, and that is because we want to discuss the details and make this project really open.
We are opening a forum very soon, but meanwhile please contact us at  at freenode.