@_author: libertaad
@_date: 2012-06-08 23:13:28
Right now the max bet is 1 BTC. I will be raising it over time as well.
Additionally, we have ridiculously low minimum bets - if you set your base currency to mBTC, you can bet as low as 1 micro-BTC per hand. This is the lowest minimums that I know of.
@_date: 2012-10-24 16:35:59
The site looks good!
You should consider adding an HTTPS cert, and forcing all traffic to go over the secure layer. Players probably aren't likely to deposit a large amount otherwise.
Also, what are your min and max bets? You may want to post that somewhere on your site.
Finally, I'd recommend making a post on the gambling section of the bitcointalk.org forums. Not only for the additional exposure, but also because there are a lot of really helpful people there that will provide you with some valuable testing and feedback.
@_date: 2012-06-09 00:59:08
Thanks for the feedback! The email and password forms are definitely oversights on my part, I'll be fixing those shortly. I'm not using the email address for anything currently, but I will be soon, so I definitely should give you the chance to correct it ;)
Our overall security policy is to just be extremely paranoid. I personally am a professional software engineer with over 10 years of experience. I know what it takes to create secure systems. We are following all of the industry best practice standards:
 * All passwords are hashed and uniquely salted using bcrypt before storage (so, even if they are leaked, it would be computationally impossible for an attacker to determine any passwords).
 * All client connections to the website are forced to be over https (preventing man-in-the middle attacks).
 * The database is backed up nightly.
 * The main bitcoin wallet resides on a separate machine than the web server, and is encrypted. Additionally 90% of the funds are in a separate cold storage wallet.
One additional thing I was considering is making weekly transfers of a specific amount, and publishing the amount ahead of time. This would prove that we have control over a certain number of BTC, which would allow customers to be confident that we have the funds to pay them if they withdraw.
I hope that we can continue to establish trust as we operate the site longer and longer!
@_date: 2012-06-09 12:09:38
This is a really cool idea! Currently, we're manually processing all withdrawals, so I'll have to put it this on the back-burner for now. But once we work out automated withdrawals, I think this would be a great feature.
I love how bitcoin empowers really cool possibilities like this! Can you imagine a company trying to do something like with with the legacy monetary system?
@_date: 2012-10-27 07:10:26
Hey guys, creator of bitZino here. I can assure you our games are not rigged. In fact, we have gone to great lengths to create a true zero-trust system for online gambling. We describe our provably fair system in [plain english]( on our website, and in [technical depth]( on our techblog. The very high-level summary is that we effectively let you reshuffle the deck before every single game. This is like cutting the deck, but significantly more robust.
Jon Matonis of Forbes has also [covered us]( and how we make our games provably fair.
Not only are our games provably fair, but we also try to make our games have the best odds possible. Our Roulette game has a single zero and our Craps game has unusually high payouts for all the wager types. Our ultimate goal with bitZino is to bring bitcoin to the masses. We want to make the best gambling site possible, and make it be powered by bitcoin.
I'm happy to answer any more questions!
@_date: 2012-06-09 02:54:05
Ah, that's a great idea! Much more maintainable than constantly sending random amounts around, since you can just sign from your cold storage once, and publish that message on the website. I'll definitely be doing this technique. Thanks!
@_date: 2012-09-03 22:40:46
Perhaps at some point in the future, but for now we're focusing on rounding out our suite of single-player casino games. We're planning on launching Craps next, followed by Let it Ride, Three Card Poker, and Pai Gow Poker.
@_date: 2012-06-09 03:06:02
For now I'm using a string. But, I'll consider using an image if it can help with clarity.
This is the exact type of thing I was looking for feedback on :) The 'T' seemed so obvious, but now that I think about it, it could be way clearer.
@_date: 2012-06-09 01:01:41
Yeah, I agree. I've never loved the card flip myself. I've been considering trying out a 3D CSS animation, but just haven't had the time to look into it yet. Either way, I'll definitely make it better. The reveal is one of the most important parts of gambling!
Thanks for the feedback!
@_date: 2012-06-09 02:55:34
Ten of Hearts. I thought using 'T' to represent 10 was pretty standard, but maybe I should consider just writing '10', it just sucks that it's 2 characters.
@_date: 2012-06-09 19:40:59
Thanks for pointing that out! Basically, the receiving address isn't enough to really verify any authenticity.
@_date: 2012-06-30 05:16:05


The client seed is actually created by the javascript in your browser (which is admittedly served up by bitZino), but it is possible to verify the javacsript yourself. It's also possible to change the client seed to anything you want - so if you're ultra paranoid, you could change it manually every hand, or create a greasmonkey script to change it for you.
For the curious, here's the raw javascript that creates the client seed every hand:
    function setRandomClientSeed() {
      var a = [];
      for(var i = 0; i &lt; 24; i++) {
        var val = Math.floor(Math.random() * 62);
        val += 48;
        if (val &gt; 57) { val += 7; }
        if (val &gt; 90) { val += 6; }
        a.push(val);
      }
      $(' a));
    }
@_date: 2012-06-09 18:18:45
Wow, thanks for the incredibly detailed and in-depth feedback! I really wasn't expecting so much information.
I definitely agree with you that things need to be more fleshed out. We don't really have any copy on the website at all right now, and it could use some to get new users acquainted. I also agree that we could really use a real logo.
I tend to disagree somewhat on the "simulating a real game" aspect. For example, I intentionally stayed away from the chip metaphor when creating this. I feel like chips work great in real life, but online its much easier to just type in a number. Overall, I wanted to differentiate this site by having it be ridiculously easy to just start gambling.
I also agree with you on sounds. I do plan on adding them, but it just didn't make the cut for the initial launch.
You've given me a lot of good stuff to think about. Thanks again!
@_date: 2012-06-09 03:37:22
FYI, the email change functionality as well as the current password confirmation is now live!
@_date: 2012-09-03 15:06:04
Disclaimer: I'm the owner and lead developer of bitZino, which [I launched here on reddit]( a few months ago. It's been a wild ride, and it's only getting better!
@_date: 2012-07-02 01:47:25
Start a business that is built around bitcoin! Ideally the business would be something that you can uniquely do with bitcoin, and couldn't do with fiat currency. 
Alternatively, take an existing business you own or have an influence over, and start accepting bitcoin payments. It is now really easy to get started taking bitcoin payments utilizing third-party bitcoin payment gateways - and the fees are way lower than credit card fees!
Another great way to help grow bitcoin is to get them into more people's hands. You can do this by just giving away a few to friends and family - but you can also do it by creating a new way for people to earn bitcoins. Offering to pay employees in bitcoins woudl be huge (but probably unrealistic as of yet). Smaller steps could be to just offer services that allow people to earn bitcoins in some way.
@_date: 2012-06-09 04:41:25
Thanks for the feedback! Can you provide some more details on what parts you think look hastily thrown together? In my opinion, the blackjack table interface itself is pretty good, while the rest of the page (signup flow, as well as user edit page) could use some love.
@_date: 2012-06-30 07:12:04
The reshuffling step doesn't have to be *cryptographically* secure in order to ensure that neither party knows the outcome of the deck before the shuffle. The more important property of the PRNG during the reshuffle phase, is that it has a [uniform distribution]( which Mersenne Twister does have.
Now, during the original shuffle, I will definitely agree that it needs to be cryptographically secure - and our shuffling which occurs on the server is indeed cryptographically secure.
@_date: 2012-09-04 20:39:23
Thanks for the feedback! We do have the ability to add new variants of video poker without too much reworking of the code, so we'll see what we can do. Regardless of the exact order, we definitely will be adding more varieties of video poker at some point!
@_date: 2012-06-09 05:58:07
The reason to factor client data in is so that users can be confident that the system doesn't choose a different random seed that is pre-determined to have the user lose.
Also - just to be clear - the system is currently perfectly fair. It uses a hardware based RNG with no bias. The only change I plan on making is to make it *proavbely* fair, so you don't have to just rely on my word.
@_date: 2012-06-09 05:27:11
The balance usually shows up within a few seconds, but in your case it looks a bug caused the daemon to get stuck on your account. I cleared your deposit, and added an extra BTC to your account for your troubles.
@_date: 2012-07-01 15:11:34
Cool, I hope you can get some bitcoin converts! I firmly believe that one of the best way to spread and promote bitcoin is to create new and interesting uses for it - especially things that can't be done with traditional fiat currency. I just hope that bitZino can help with that!
@_date: 2012-09-03 17:52:25
:D Thanks
@_date: 2012-06-09 17:58:27
Thanks for the feedback!
Making it provably fair is definitely at the top of my priority list right now. I can assure that it currently is fair, but my word is nothing compared to cold hard math :)
@_date: 2012-06-08 22:29:21
And I see that you just lost it all, ouch! :) Good thing it's play money!
@_date: 2012-06-09 18:47:05
Thanks! I definitely built this with mobile in mind. I haven't taken the time to mobile optimize the site yet, but it's definitely on the roadmap. 
We plan on spending significant marketing once the site gets more mature, and plan on allocating a large part of the marketing budget to the mobile side of things. I agree with you that mobile gambling is the future.
@_date: 2012-06-08 23:09:50
Yes, all payouts will be honored, no matter what. I'm running this as a formal business, and have provided enough funds to the business such that the business's risk of ruin is infinitesimal. Furthermore, even in the event that my calculations are wrong, I will dip into my personal funds in order to honor any payouts that are requested.
@_date: 2012-06-09 03:39:07
@_date: 2012-06-30 19:08:31
If you do want to try out just a little bit of gambling, bitZino has the lowset limits that I know of. We accept bets as low as 0.000001 (1e-6) BTC.
This is one of the coolest aspects of bitcoin - because transaction fees are so low, we can offer action at pretty much any stake. You couldn't possibly do this with fiat currency.
@_date: 2012-09-03 18:05:37
This deserves more attention. I think using bitcoin for online advertising is an excellent use-case of the currency. The fact that publishers can receive instant payouts is a great property.
This looks like it has a lot of potential. The design is top-notch, they're associated with another reputable company (bitronic), and they just seem to generally know what they're doing. The one thing I'd like to see is a listing of all advertisers and their publisher base. Other bitcoin ad networks typically provide this data.
@_date: 2012-10-24 15:56:44
For the record, I love that they're leveraging our method of making games provably fair! (I am the owner of bitZino).
The more transparency there is in online gaming, the better. Better for players, and better for bitcoin!
@_date: 2012-06-30 19:02:22
This post now reads: 


What did it say originally?
edit: Looks like the author has added it back. It's a well-thought-out critique of our provably fair system. I think I did a good job of addressing all of his concerns though.
@_date: 2012-11-04 20:58:31
This has the potential to be amazing!
My suggestion: allow users to download files for free, albeit at severely capped data speeds (something like 5-10 KB/s). Then, while they're downloading, present them with a bitcoin deposit address, which they can send bitcoins to in order to speed up the download. As soon as the bitcoins are deposited, the download speed instantly becomes unthrottled. It would be an amazing experience for users, and something that is uniquely made possible with bitcoins.
I think free downloads are the only way a product like this can ultimately succeed. Only a small percentage of users are willing to pay, but without a large audience of potential downloaders no one will upload anything. Offering free downloads expands the audience of potential downloaders to 100%, while also offering cheap marketing to you and to bitcoin in general.
@_date: 2012-06-09 04:43:34
Not yet. I do plan on implementing a system shortly where the random number generator seed is partially derived from the client, and the hash of the seed is provided before dealing - in order to prove that the deck is dealt fairly.
@_date: 2012-06-30 07:54:11
For now it is blackjack only - but we're currently in development of video poker, and Pai Gow poker - so check back soon! Roulette is also on the horizon, but for now we're focusing on card games.
@_date: 2012-06-30 19:11:11
Hah, I was a little worried about that misread, but I figured it wouldn't be too big of an issue. Technically, we are also "probably" fair - just with 100% probability of fairness :)
@_date: 2012-06-12 12:41:02
Looks like you've played 1679 hands :)
@_date: 2012-06-09 04:41:44
8 decks, re-shuffled before every hand.
@_date: 2012-06-09 19:50:36
Keyboard control is a great idea! Thanks!
@_date: 2012-06-09 13:55:25
Sorry for the problems! Your account got into a weird state, so it was seeing a few strange errors. I've fixed your account, and fixed the bug that caused it to get into the bad state. I also added a BTC to your account for your troubles.
edit: looks like you're still seeing the issue with the withdrawal page. I'm looking into it!
edit2: Ok, I've confirmed that it's definitely fixed. Sorry for the delay!
@_date: 2012-06-09 12:02:26
Thanks for the cool read! I am indeed using the Fisher-Yates shuffle algo, but I didn't realize how bad the naive shuffle algorithm actually was.
@_date: 2012-06-10 09:43:16
So far we've seen 9000 real hands of blackjack played, and 7400 hands of play money. Not too bad for the first day and a half I'd say :)
I'm planning on publishing when we hit certain milestones going forward.
@_date: 2012-10-24 16:06:14
It's awesome to see more provably fair games being launched!
There's a lot more discussion about our provably technique in [our launch post](@_date: 2012-06-09 10:16:13
This is the expected because of the rule: "Cannot act on split aces". However, I do see that there is a UI bug in this scenario, where it doesn't properly show the status message after the hand (ie "Win +10"/"Lose"/"Push"), which I'm sure would lead to the feeling that the hand is "just ending".
I just fixed the bug. Thanks for the info! 
Do you have a registered account? I'll throw some BTC your way :)
@_date: 2012-06-17 03:37:44
There isn't really a concept of chips on the site at all. You can set your "Base Currency" to either BTC, centi-BTC (c฿), milli-BTC (m฿) or micro-BTC (μ฿). This base currency determines the minimum bet in the games you play.
So, effectively, if you set your base currency to milli-bitcoins, and then deposit 1 BTC, it's as if you get 1,000 chips. But, we don't call them chips, we just call them m฿.
@_date: 2012-09-04 10:13:50
I'd be happy to! Most of my posts end up turning into mini-AMAs anyway though, so I'm not sure it's entirely necessary :)
@_date: 2012-10-08 00:00:37
I am the owner of [bitZino]( We offer [provably fair]( blackjack, video poker, roulette, and craps.
All of our games are powered by HTML5, so there's no software to install. We have a wide range of limits: wager from as low as 1 microBTC up to 10 BTC per hand.
We are actively working on rolling out additional games and new features, and we're very receptive to customer feedback. Give it a try and let me know what you think!
@_date: 2012-06-30 21:50:20
Not in the "near future", but possibly at some point! We are all huge poker fans :) 
We're going to experiment with some other HTML5 multi-player games and features first, and just firsthand see how capable modern browsers are with things like websockets. It will probably be much easier to build robust HTML5 multi-player games in about a year, after some of the standards settle down.
@_date: 2012-06-30 19:06:05
Nice! I credit the bitcoin community as a whole for fostering an environment where cryptographic proofs are are actually valued.
@_date: 2012-09-03 22:10:26
Thanks for the compliments! I hope you enjoy playing with us! Feel free to let me know if you have any feedback.
Also, good luck starting your own gambling site! I think bitcoins are incredibly well-suited for gambling, so I'm excited to see a larger market. I'm not a lawyer, so I can't comment on the legality, but I believe that gambling can be used very effectively to introduce people to the idea of bitcoin. In fact that is the primary reason I created bitZino - to introduce the masses to bitcoin.
@_date: 2012-06-14 15:39:27
Thanks for the suggestion! I am indeed planning on adding keyboard shortcuts in the near future, so stay tuned!
@_date: 2012-06-09 08:13:31
Yeah sure, just PM me the deposit address, and we'll figure it out.
@_date: 2012-09-03 16:27:24
We are using the standard bitcoind daemon for handling bitcoin deposits and withdrawals.
Orphaned blocks have not been an issue for us, and as far as my understanding of bitcoin is concerned, they shouldn't be: Once you broadcast a transaction to he network, it will be included by miners in subsequently mined blocks. If it so happens to be included in an orphaned blockchain it won't be an issue, because it will also be included in the main blockchain.
Nonetheless,  if there are any issues with payouts or deposits, we will manually fix them (and then fix the underlying issue that caused the automatic process to not work correctly).
@_date: 2012-06-08 23:28:21
Thank you! This is really a lot of fun to program.
The biggest challenges I've been facing have been making UI decisions without the help of a professional designer. At the same time, it's fun to get some more exercise to the creative parts of my brain :)
@_date: 2013-01-08 23:37:36
Probably at some point (we do love poker!), but don't hold your breath for it anytime too soon. For now we're focusing on single-player games, with the potential addition of some multi-player features.
@_date: 2013-06-06 14:08:45
I'm sorry our customer support team failed you. We pride ourselves in top-notch customer service, which I personally oversee, so I am especially sad that you slipped through the cracks. I suppose it's too late now, but we'd still be happy to look into your account details or answer any questions you still may have. You can go to  to reach out to our support team.
@_date: 2013-06-06 12:47:36
Creator of bitZino here. Thanks for writing this post, TrevorXavier! I firmly believe that the best cryptography is that which is practiced in the open, with honest and open discussion about any possible weaknesses or avenues of attack.
I've read through your entire post, and I believe that at the core, you are discussing two main issues you see with our provably fair system:
The first issue is that of "stalling". In the rare event that our servers do fail to respond (either due to internet connectivity issues, or downtime on our end), this problem can easily be mitigated by a player by simply ensuring the `Hash(secret)` has not changed, and then re-entering the same `client_seed` after reloading the page.
The second issue is that of tainting the javascript that is being executed on the player's browser (Cold Deck, Hot Reading, Mutation, and Controlled Secret all fall under this). I do agree that if we managed to slip dirty code past our users, these are potentially viable attacks. However. these are all very high-risk frauds to perpetrate, because if we were caught doing this, even once, we would completely sacrifice our reputation and future earnings potential.
Furthermore, these attacks are all relatively easy for a savvy user to detect. Since modern browsers come with built-in network analysis tools, it is easy for anyone to see all data being sent down the wire. These tools would make it very easy to detect if we tried to sneak javascript partials into ajax requests.
Ultimately though, a player can be protected from all of these attacks by running a client-side greasemonkey script which generates the client_seed (rather than relying on any code sent from our servers). And, in fact, this is already possible today due to the nature of our app being in HTML5. We have already seen a handful of our players doing this on their own (we can detect it because the client_seeds they send are formatted differently than the ones our javascript generates). Additionally, if a player just edits the client_seed by hand before they play, they are also protected from any of the attacks you listed.
At the end of the day, we still haven't fully solved the trust issue of browser-based cryptography. But, our system still accomplishes its goal - it forces us to either be honest, or take a large risk. We simply have no way to manipulate the outcome of any wagers made on bitZino without taking a risk of being caught. That's why our system is indeed provably fair: it allows savvy players to ensure the house isn't cheating them.
Thanks again for the insightful post!
@_date: 2013-06-06 13:18:29


I do not know of any security best practices that recommend against sending HTML snippets in AJAX responses. Our method of sending HTML directly, rather than relying on a javascipt templating engine, results in better performance across the board (especially on mobile browsers where it really matters).
Additionally, *all* AJAX calls could potentially include scripts, even if the response is JSON, one of the fields could be a script, which could be injected into the page and subsequently executed.
I did some searching and it looks like stackoverflow seems to agree that it is fine to send HTML snippets in AJAX responses: 
Finally, if you inspect the HTML snippets from our AJAX responses, you'll see that they are not obfuscated at all, and they clearly contain no javascript.
@_date: 2013-01-08 00:14:19
I am the creator of bitZino. [I originally launched it here on reddit]( last June. It's been a pretty wild ride since then. I actually wasn't expecting as much success as we've seen, and it has completely take over my life (in a good way!). I'm happy to answer any questions reddit has!
@_date: 2013-06-03 08:05:39
We use 8 decks in our shoe. And, yes, we reshuffle before every hand, so card counting isn't much of a benefit :)
@_date: 2013-02-03 19:36:02
Hi DieCommieScum! I'm the creator of bitZino, and I'm happy to answer any questions or concerns you have.
Due to the nature of our [provably fair system]( I don't think it would be possible for there to be any statistical anomalies in the values of the spins. It would be computationally impossible for us to manipulate the outcome to anything non-random, because you are effectively reshuffling the deck before every spin. (Yes, we use a deck of cards even for Roulette - we just make the deck have only 37 cards and we just choose the top card for the value of the spin).
We'd also be happy to provide you a full history of your spins if you'd like to do any further statistical analysis. Just check out our [supprt page]( to get our support email and we'll be happy to help you out.
@_date: 2013-04-04 00:33:38


Yup! The minimum bet on bitZino is 1 uBTC (0.000001 BTC).
@_date: 2013-04-16 19:26:02
Thanks for the feedback!
Can you clarify what you mean exactly? Do you mean customizing the look and feel of the buttons? Or do you mean adding custom buttons for betting custom amounts (eg, a "bet 10" button, and a "bet 20" button)? Or, do you mean something else entirely?
I think both of these would be possible (almost anything is possible with HTML5 these days!). We just haven't heard too much feedback in this regard yet.
@_date: 2013-06-02 22:10:20
Creator of bitZino here. I am happy to defend the integrity the system we've built!
First, a little history: We originally launched about 1 year ago with an [announcement post](here on Then, due to popular demand, we made our site provably fair (which we also [discussed here](Since then, every single game we have released has been provably fair.
Our provably fair system makes it so that every single wager you place on bitZino is immediately independently verifiable by you. If we attempt to cheat at even a single hand, it would be trivial for our players to discover the fraud.
Basically, at a high level, our system allows you to *reshuffle* the deck before any hand is dealt. Before every hand, we provide you with a hash of the the initial_shuffle. Also, your browser provides a randomly generated client_seed, which is passed to our servers the moment a new hand is started. Our servers then reshuffle the initial_shuffle (using the client_seed as a source of randomness), and then use this newly shuffled deck to deal out your hand. The moment the hand is over, we show you the unhashed initial_shuffle, which allows you to verify that we showed you the correct hash and also that our servers correctly reshuffled the deck according to how we said we would. 
This process makes it *computationally impossible* for us to manipulate the outcome of any wagers placed on bitZino. You can read more details about our provably fair process on our site at  We also have written an [in-depth technical blog]( discussing all the nitty-gritty details.
@_date: 2013-01-08 03:39:10
Thanks for the kind words! We definitely did optimize to make it as easy as possible to get into the game - just one click and you're playing :)
@_date: 2013-02-18 20:52:13
I'm the creator of [bitZino]( We're one of the largest provably fair casinos on the market.
We've documented the technique we use for shuffling a deck in a provably fair manner both in a high-level at  and in [technical depth on our techblog](
Basically, at a high level, our technique is that we allow you to *reshuffle* the deck before it is dealt. We shuffle the deck once on the server, and then present you with a hash of the shuffled deck before any wagers are made. Then, whenever you place a wager, you provide a client_seed to us (which is generated randomly in your browser, or optionally by you by hand). We then use the client_seed to reshuffle the deck in a deterministic way. At the end of the wager we reveal the initial shuffle, which allows you to verify that we presented you with a valid hash, and also reshuffled the deck in the correct way. Since we didn't know the value of the client_seed until the moment the hand was dealt, there is no way for us to manipulate the outcome of the shuffle of the deck.
If you want to try it out yourself, you can play a play-money hand at bitZino, and take a look at the values in the "Provably Fair" box beneath the table. You can verify any hands on with our [javascript hand verifier]( I also wrote a [comment on bitcointalk]( which outlines all the exact steps you can take if you want to verify any shuffles yourself by hand.
@_date: 2013-06-06 23:17:54
Interesting... It sounds like what you're proposing is that we effectively treat all ajax requests after the initial page load as untrusted.
In general, this is not necessary for security-conscious web apps, because you should be able to trust data coming from the same domain. I doubt that even apps like blockchain.info actually scrub their AJAX responses using `parseInt` or other mechanisms.
However, I do understand your underlying concern with this with regard to browser-based provably fair systems. The fact that we inject HTML after the initial page load makes for a larger area of attack. However, even if we were using JSON and scrubbing all the responses, you'd still have to trust that we were correctly scrubbing everything. You'd have to analyze a large amount of javascript (basically our entire application) in order to verify this.
I think a better solution to the overall problem of manipulating the client_seed is a greasemonkey script (or possibly a browser extension) which is in charge of setting the client_seed and verifying that it is has been used correctly to reshuffle the deck. This has the benefit of being much less code to audit, and it also has the benefit of actually running locally on your browser, so it is completely impossible for the server to change the code out from under you.
The OP's post has convinced me that we need to offer an official greasemonkey script and/or browser extension so that all users can fully reap the benefits of our provably fair system.
@_date: 2013-01-08 08:17:42
I'm glad you like it!
In the early days, I'd pretty much watch every hand as it was played. But now, there's too much going on to focus on individual players, so I mostly just watch the numbers in aggregate.
We do log pretty much everything, with most things being redundantly logged. The numbers we're most concerned about are just the boring accounting numbers - basically making sure everything adds up to zero. We've had a few scares in this regard - the first one I remember was failing to account for transaction fees on our withdrawals. We don't really aggregate behavioral data yet, but I'm sure this type of thing would be really interesting to look at :)
We can always use help spreading the word about us :) If anyone asks what cool things you can do with bitcoins, tell them about us!
@_date: 2013-06-06 22:57:37
Just for the record, we definitely do not default to a loss if there are connectivity issues. Our servers either see the request and place the wager (resulting in either a win or a loss), or they don't see the request and don't take any action at all. All server actions are completely atomic. 
This means that if you place a wager, and your internet dies the moment after you hit the "Bet" button, it's possible that the request will make it to our servers, and we won't be able to successfully tell you whether you won or lost until your internet comes back and you manually refresh the page.
In general, I think we do handle connection issues as gracefully as possible for an HTTP request based interface.
@_date: 2013-06-03 07:28:25


The fact that the deck is being *reshuffled* makes it impossible for us to stack the deck.


That's exactly what is happening! The client_seed is an independent outside variable, because it is provided by the player's browser (or manually entered by the player).


Satoshi Dice is also provably fair, but they use a different method: they rely on the bitcoin transaction id as a source of randomness rather than a client_seed.
@_date: 2013-04-17 06:46:35
Thanks! We've been considering some more advanced features for some of our games, and this type of feature could fit in nicely with the other advanced features we're considering building.
@_date: 2013-06-03 07:59:31
That is very similar to what our system is doing. The difference is that instead of using XOR, we're doing a sha256 hash of the client_seed combined with the server_seed. The other difference is that rather than shuffling a fresh deck, we shuffle the deck once on the server first (the initial_shuffle).
The reason we went with our (admittedly more complicated) approach is that we wanted to shuffle the deck ourselves initially, using our server-side random number generator. By shuffling it ourselves first, we are more protected against any potential weaknesses in the pseudo-random-number-generator we chose.
The initial_shuffle also allows us to use a simpler PRNG for the reshuffling phase. We looked into using Fortuna (a cryptographically secure PRNG), but this algorithm doesn't have a standard implementation across a wide range of languages. This would have made it more difficult to implement a hand verifier (which depends on the PRNG having the exact same deterministic outcome). The Mersenne Twister is a known standard PRNG algorithm, with implementations across a wide range of languages. Also, note that even though MT only has 2^32 possible seeds, this does not mean that our system can only generate 2^32 possible shuffles. This is because the initial_shuffle starts the deck off in an already randomized stated.
@_date: 2013-06-06 14:04:25
Javascript code will always handle an AJAX response, whether the response is plaintext, HTML or JSON, that's just how AJAX works. For example, here's our current code which injects the HTML response into the DOM.
    $('
If `xhr.responseText` was JSON instead of HTML, we'd still need to have some sort of code handling the response. (The code would look different, it might instead loop over the JSON and inject each of the individual elements into the page). But, the bottom line is, if an AJAX response contains malevolent javascript, there's not much you can do about it as a user, other than watch for it, and know that others are watching out for it too.
@_date: 2013-04-15 19:33:47
Hey I am the creator of bitZino. We officially launched it here on reddit 10 months ago, and it has been an incredible ride since then!
I know that the past few weeks have been very tumultuous for all of us, but I think these charts help show that bitcoin businesses are continuing to see real growth.
I'm happy to answer any questions!
@_date: 2013-06-06 23:46:09
Overall, I do think you underestimate the risks associated with even attempting any of the attacks you list. If even one person caught us attempting any of those attacks, our reputation would be permanently spoiled. So, aside from the moral issues of defrauding to our players, we've also set up a system where it makes rational sense to be as completely above-board as possible with our players.
However, our goal with our provably fair system has always been to create a true zero-trust system, where no third parties are required in order to guarantee that we are operating as we say we do. Reputation is in a sense a third-party, so it would be nice to remove the dependency on reputation.
So, after thinking through these issues more, you have convinced me that we need to offer an official Greasemonkey Script and/or a Browser Extension that is responsible for generating the client_seed in a secure manner. We are beginning work on these immediately. While we're at it, we're also going to harden our system be removing the dependency on Mersenne Twister, and instead us a true CSPRNG for the reshuffling phase.
Once again, I really do appreciate your post! I hope that you remain available for further feedback as we make improvements to our system.
@_date: 2013-01-08 03:38:15
Thanks, I'm glad you like it!
We have been thinking of making an API for greasemonkey scripts, which would empower third parties to create whatever cool tools and scripts they'd like to work with our games. This would allow a lot of cool things like, basic strategy training for blackjack, or it could allow for UI enhancements to craps like you suggest.
Also, stay on the lookout for multi-player games! Every game we launch on bitZino will be provably fair, so that makes our job a little harder when considering multi-player games. But, we are planning on rolling some multi-player games out this year.
@_date: 2013-01-08 04:53:26
Blackjack and Video Poker definitely require skills. But, I suppose you mean skill that can give you an edge? When we launch multi-player games, one aspect will be player versus player, and some of the games will certainly require skill to win. I'm personally really excited for it!
@_date: 2013-06-14 22:59:14
Sorry about the downtime! We are now back up and fully operational.
The cause for the downtime was a hardware failure that took longer to fix than we intended. There was no data loss or any loss of funds. We are taking steps to ensure this type of problem does not happen again.
@_date: 2013-04-01 08:24:51
Hi CrashLogic! I'm the creator of [bitZino]( We're one of the largest provably fair casinos on the market. I'm going to re-post the last post I made, which was basically answering the same question:






@_date: 2013-02-04 07:59:49
I believe the delayed spins are most likely caused by slow network and/or slow responses on bitZino's servers. Basically, the wheel starts spinning as soon as the request is sent off to the servers, and it doesn't stop spinning until it gets the response back that says what the result of the spin is.
Nonetheless though, at no point should a slow response result in an abnormal result of the spin of the wheel - if that were the case, it would be a complete breakdown of the provably fair system.
I hope that helps!