@_author: libertarianstatism
@_date: 2017-08-21 16:01:46
The essence of bitcoin is to get rich off of someone else.
The 'technical' part of it isn't that interesting to the majority of participants because as long as the scheme itself is working they are fine with it.
Remember, even 'big blockers' want more users coming in with *fiat* to bid up their coins. One of the main arguments of big blockers is the price is lower than it otherwise should be. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 13:13:05
Miner profits = bagholder expenses.
@_date: 2017-08-13 12:27:21
Fiat currencies are securities that give holders certain rights.
1) Fiat currencies give you the right to settle your tax obligation. This is what drives their demand.
2) From number 1 we go to number 2. Fiat currencies give you the right to conduct economic activity in a particular geographic area.
What about bitcoin?
Bitcoin are not securities because holding a bitcoin does not give you any rights. Infact just because you have bitcoins does not mean you have a right to even use the blockchain. 
The objective quality of bitcoin is *independent* of the subjective perception people impose onto it.
A bitcoin is proof that computational power was wasted. That is all it ever will be.
The *perception* people subjectively impose onto bitcoin drives the price but it absolutely does not change what bitcoin actually is.
Imagine I burn a pile of wood and take a photograph of my action. That photograph is essentially bitcoin. I go and attempt to sell it. Can it have a value? Yes. Does it change the fact that wood was burned for no reason? No.
You have to ask yourself a simple question. What is the *final* demand? Who is obligated to take my bitcoins from me in a worse case scenario? The answer is no one.
@_date: 2017-08-12 18:22:28
How exactly did you 'make money' from bitcoin?
Sally buys bitcoin from bob. Bob has sallys fiat money.
All that occured was 2 things swapped ownership.
@_date: 2017-08-13 12:37:19
Steam games, online poker and VPNs all existed and exist without bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-02 13:51:12
Bitcoin has extreme ownership concentration.
A few big hands can sit on exchanges pushing the price of their own coins wherever they want since nobody is allowed to withdraw or deposit.
Roger Ver can literally sit there pushing up the price to give the illusion of 'success'.
@_date: 2017-08-11 15:26:39
Government can finance r&amp;d because they are not constrained financially like the private sector is. The r&amp;d from government spending then leads to the innovations we all end up using. 
Bitcoiners being anti-government is a complete contradiction considering bitcoin could not exist without government bankrolled technologies such as cryptography, the internet etc.
Government got rid of the gold standard because it imposed artificial constraints on the economy that benefited large gold holders, which is exactly the vision being promoted by bitcoin people. Bitcoiners want an economy that is dominated by the spending decisions of scumbag predators like Roger Ver, Voorhees, Shrem etc. 
@_date: 2017-08-11 15:16:25
Except it didn't.
I just have to walk around any US urban conglomerate and look at the people. Fuck me. Everyone poor, dressed like shit, unhealthy etc. Smartphones making everyone look like hunchbacks from notre dame.
@_date: 2017-08-16 16:51:46
Britain should never have been apart of the EU since the time of the reformation it is a completely different society. Britain's job in the EU was to make sure the continent never pulled together and became strong.
@_date: 2017-08-11 01:41:36
The internet was suppose to revolutionize the economy and guess what, it didn't. Wages are lower today than pre-internet for most people. The economic implosion of 08 happened under the so called 'knowledge' economy. All stats show that despite all the hullabaloo, productivity has not increased under the internet age.
The internet like every new communication technology before it brought with it an explosive growth in erroneous thinking.
What did we get?
Google - Xrated library, Amazon/Ebay - fleamarket, Apple- fancy telephone, Facebook photo album.
Pornography and slander make up 9/10ths of peoples activity online.
Is any of that really so incredible to woo and ahh over?
Bitcoin is a rehash of all the errors of the gold standard except in digital format. Why do people think it is a scam? Because its basically a wealth transfer scheme. Bitcoins represent proof that computational power was expended. A bitcoin is 'proof of work' or proof of waste. That evidence is then sold to other people as something 'magical' and innovative. In 9 years what evidence do we have of this tech 'gamechanging' lives? We have early miners who got filthy rich fast, that's about it. 
The internet generation is poorer, dumber, more psychologically damaged and more nihilistic than ever before. Hardly something to be proud over.
@_date: 2017-08-12 01:11:36
Gavin should have gracefully exited this scene after the millions he has made and hundreds of thousands MILKED through various scams(bitcoin foundation).
@_date: 2017-08-12 23:52:18
Are you having a hard time reading what I wrote?
Sally buys bitcoin from Bob for $1k. Bob has $1k and Sally now has the bitcoin.
What was 'made'? Nothing.
Suppose they do the opposite trade. Bob buys Sallys Bitcoin for $1100. Sally 'made' $100 but Bob has $100 less than before.
What is the TOTAL made? ZERO.
Why are people having a hard time understanding these concepts on this reddit? Bitcoin 'trading' does not make anything it merely swaps ownership of things that already exist.
The price is a ratio of that ownership swap.
The problem is there are real losses associated with creating bitcoins. 'Proof of waste' means electricity, computer hardware, human labor both physical and intellectual is expended for no reason whatsoever. 
Bitcoins make the *whole* poorer while enriching those who got them with the *least* effort. When is this subreddit going to wake up to this incovenient truth, or do we just make up our own reality and pretend it doesn't exist?
@_date: 2017-08-25 00:50:35
Nobody was trying to take bitcoin down, people got mad after huge *losses* were taken from the 2013-2016 bear market. Everyone was told by shill after shill that the price would be multiples higher, instead it fell by 80%.
The crowd blamed blocksize for the decline and we have segwit as the 'solution'. Once it inevitably fails, we will hear about 'LN' or some other magic that is right around the corner with mass users!
@_date: 2017-08-13 22:38:39
The state demands payment in taxes so there is a common currency we can use. No private currency has *ever* stood the test of time because it is an oxymoron. 
Bitcoin is manifestation of anti-realism where people attempted to store pure will as value, before it was gold and now weve moved onto to 'literally nothing' as you said.
@_date: 2017-08-25 00:39:53
Nobody is opting in because nobody wants it. Segwit was a reaction to the 2013-2016 bearmarket where bitcoin tanked by 80% and people were looking for reasons. They believed the blocksize was the culprit in preventing mass adoption while nobody actually realized the majority of transactions are very very low in value.
The elephant in the room is there are hundreds of blockchains and not every transaction has to be in bitcoin. This upsets people.
@_date: 2017-08-11 12:27:07
No I am not blaming the internet for low wages, I am merely pointing out that the internet did *not* revolutionize the economy like was promised. After all why should it have? People spend their days wasting time looking at cat photos, porn and staring at sterile computer digits like bitcoin.
What the internet did do is rehash intellectual, philosophical and theological errors on a grand scale. The fact that people believe *sterile* computer digits that produce nothing are suppose to make them rich is evidence of that.
@_date: 2017-08-26 12:42:51
Or just pay the long term capital gain tax ?
@_date: 2017-08-25 00:43:03
@_date: 2017-08-13 00:05:24
Actually the car never made the economy more efficient. Cars are more efficient only if there is a low volume of them. Once you scale they get less efficient as everyone sits in traffic, lives far from work, oil is required on a mass scale meaning an army is needed to get it etc. The idea that technology constantly improves 'society' by making it 'more efficient' is false. Look what atomic power did. How about the internet where people waste all day living out narcissistic fantasies?
Second off, we've been hearing about the 'machine automated economy' since ancient Greece. 
I like this axiom.
God made tools, the devil machines.
@_date: 2017-08-25 00:45:17
Except it doesn't adress the elephant in the room.
The vast majority of transactions on the blockchain are little more than spam. 
There is *no* reason all transactions must be posted to the bitcoin chain.
Segwit was a reaction to the 2013-2016 bearmarket where people were stunned that adoption did not happen and decided to blame block size as the culprit. People here believe that changing computer code will bring in mass adoption.
No evidence exists that anyone wants segwit, LN or big blocks.
@_date: 2017-08-25 00:42:24
We are now hearing 'oh wait wait for LN!'.
Mass adoption is not happening, not now, not ever. Lets realize bitcoin is a *niche* product.
@_date: 2017-08-25 00:04:42
Segwit came and went. Nothing changed. 
@_date: 2017-08-12 01:23:02
Like what exactly?
List of reasons why Gavin has become persona-non grata.
1) Gavin is single handily responsible for Satoshi suddenly vanishing after Gavin told him he was visiting the CIA.
2) Gavin and Hearn lead to first sudden hardfork in 2013, nearly ending bitcoin.
3) Gavin takes salary from an organization claiming to represent bitcoin. The 'Bitcoin Foundation' was founded by con-artists and felons. 
4) Gavin says nothing as Gox and Peter Vessenes engage in shady activity.
5) Andresen begins promoting bitcoin hardforks. XT, classic, unlimited, Bitcoin cash etc.
@_date: 2017-08-25 00:47:37
Except segwit is not bitcoin.
As I said earlier. There are hundreds of blockchains where transactions happen, why does *everything* need to happen on bitcoin? Oh I will tell you why. So the price pumps higher, that is the reason everyone is in here.
@_date: 2017-08-11 01:51:57
Bitcoin is government propaganda. The technology is entirely based on government r&amp;d such as internet and military cryptography. The economic ideology behind bitcoin is a rehash of the government *imposed* gold standard.
Everything about bitcoin is related to the state. Look at how bitcoiners act they created themselves 1 transparent central database(blockchain) where their transactions are recorded for eternity and they happily give up all their personal data to every 'bitcoin exchange' in existence. 
@_date: 2017-08-12 23:41:32
I just said 2 things merely swapped ownership. What was 'made'? Nothing.
@_date: 2017-08-03 21:52:08
People who brought this up from day 1 were constantly harassed and attacked.
You have to understand something. Despite what everyone says they are only in here to get fiat rich. If coffee purchases get bagholders then it gets supported.
Whatever narrative attracts new fiat gets automatically promoted here.
@_date: 2017-08-25 00:43:43
Odds are it will never be used.
@_date: 2017-08-30 13:43:24
So your landlord takes bitcoin directly or did you use a service that exchanges into fiat first.
If you used the latter than im sorry but you did not pay your rent in bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-25 00:46:28
We will see months from now.
@_date: 2017-09-14 21:57:36
So bitcoin is not money.
@_date: 2017-09-17 23:58:12
How do you all 'serve each other'?
Users give fiat money to earlyadopters/miners. In exchange you are told to 'hodl' your bitcoin forever and repeat this process ad infinitum.
@_date: 2017-09-20 17:11:18
Um no thats not what I mean.
He was an alchemist through and through, including the alchemical philosophy. His proponents often attempt to hide this fact.
Newton was a notorious apologist for the Whig oligarchy and Whig capitalism(gold, interest, exploitation) that resulted in misery for the majority of the population. 
Newton was promoted because he claimed capitalist principles exist in physics, the same way Darwin is worshipped because he claims the same except in Biology. 
Here is the best analysis of Newton I've ever read:
@_date: 2017-09-14 18:19:35
China just closed the doors on more bagholders.
@_date: 2017-09-14 18:34:35
Whats dumb about it?
Everyday 1800btc x $5k were printed out of thin air for no reason. Think about that for a minute. That means billions of dollars worth of BtC were given to miners so they can sell them to bagholders. Why? because the protocol said so. Luckily the protocol can't guarantee the $5k so down the price went.
@_date: 2017-09-25 16:26:15
"The real value of bitcoin depends on how many transactions that purchase with bitcoin. If nobody purchases anything with bitcoin, bitcoin will become worthless. Hodling or storing bitcoin never help the community anyway."
That is a complete myth. How many transactions did you perform with gold ?
Does purchasing dollars with bitcoin count as stuff?
All bitcoin transactions are ultimately settled in fiat money. Buying 'stuff' through BitPay or Coinbase is the same thing as selling bitcoin for fiat. 
Bitcoin early adopters and miners want you to hold so you aren't competing against them for the purchase of fiat money. Miners are buyers of fiat and they don't want you to be buying that fiat.
@_date: 2017-09-14 21:32:19
Thanks for your fiat!
@_date: 2017-09-14 21:59:07
You mean indoctrination center for financially desperate people to hand over their wages to guys named Roger Ver?
@_date: 2017-09-20 17:43:17
There was no way to know who was placing bets which inflated the stock price you listed on the now defunct scam exchange MPEX. 
Getting people addicted to vices is the best way to get perpetual fiat bidders that is why the freedom guise is constantly promoted in this space. 
You basically brought into bitcoin the exact predatory system that exists in the actual economy. Promote vice, get slaves, get rich. 
After which YOU run away to some island along with the other bitcoin cronies who all got rich off the scam. 
@_date: 2017-09-20 16:54:43
Fiat currency is guaranteed by the government. 1 dollar = 1 dollar because the government guarantees to take it back in payment of taxes.
Who guarantees to remove bitcoin? Nobody, hence its intrinsic value is zero. 
@_date: 2017-09-12 13:29:06
'buy stuff with bitcoin' means exchanging into fiat first.
@_date: 2017-09-19 23:22:09
This makes no sense.
If the credit bubble is 'unwound' it would mean debts are being destroyed at a fast rate. Someones debt is another persons asset, so this is by definition deflation. Fiat would be getting destroyed rapidly. Where would the 'stampede' towards bitcoin originate?
It's absolutely delusional to think bit-coiners *actually* want a collapse of the fiat system. They want bitcoin to command a high *fiat* price so they can walk to shops and buy actual things. Fiat system collapse is promoted merely as marketing campaign to get more people buying btc. Gold bugs do the same thing.
@_date: 2017-09-20 16:54:39
Eric Voorhees does what is in the best financial interest of Eric Voorhees. 
@_date: 2017-09-17 15:06:32
The idea that the 'value of bitcoin is created through utility' is complete baloney.
Let us first objectively look at bitcoin. Bitcoin is proof that 'work' was performed. Proof of what work exactly? Proof that computers expended resources in performing useless calculations for no actual end.
Imagine I burn a pile of perfectly good things and take a photograph of it. I now go around trying to sell the proof of what I did. That is bitcoin. Can this photograph have value? Yes. Does it change the fact that perfectly good things were burned? No. 
The subjective *perception* people impose upon this proof is completely *independent* of its objective properties. The price is absolutely not driven by utility. The term 'network effect' is a buzzword coined to describe increasing amounts of greater fools.
Now ask yourself this question. Why should evidence that computer power was wasted be a good form of money?
Since bitcoins price is entirely driven by perception this makes it highly volatile as perceptions can change on a whim, especially those who are the apotheosis of anti-realism. A few days ago bitcoin was *perceived* to be worth almost $5k, today its $3.6k. What about tomorrow? Tell me did the 'utility' change that drastically in 72hours? No but perception did.
Bit-coiners believe that because the 'market' prices burning resources for no reason highly, than it *must* be the right thing and hence bitcoin must be *succeeding*. People act as if the 'market' was somehow an omnipresence being. The market is composed of people imposing *deluded* perceptions on things. It is not some divine entity or occultic 'invisible hand'.
@_date: 2017-09-14 21:59:07
You mean indoctrination center for financially desperate people to hand over their wages to guys named Roger Ver?
@_date: 2017-09-11 12:25:33
1) Billions of dollars worth of bitcoin created every year out of thin air.
2) Billions of dollars worth of bitcoin competitors created out of thin air.
3) No mechanism to remove supply when demand is low.
4) Fake exchange volume does not reveal how illiquid bitcoin really is. 
Bitcoin price is based on no objective quality and moreso completely on subjective perceptions. Perceptions can change on a whim.
Unlike fiat, no one is ultimately obligated to accept your bitcoin from you. So what is the final demand? Nothing.
@_date: 2017-09-12 23:45:22
The US gov debt is denominated in the governments own currency and represents an asset to the private none-government sector.
Jeff Gulnach is spreading  highly misleading information by people clueless to how the financial system works.
Debt was 800bil in 80's and 20 trillion now. Are we zimbabwe yet No.
The US government debt represents the total dollars spent by the gov since 1776 minus what it removed from circulation via taxation. That 20 trillion is a nominal financial asset to the private sector.
@_date: 2017-09-19 23:38:07
The dollar is merely an accounting system for credits and inverse of that debts. That is all.
For the dollar system to collapse you would need the issuing authority that is the government to collapse as well.
Second off, a sudden loss of value in the dollar would be positive for most of the population because their debts are denominated in dollars. It would be bad for *wealthy* bondholders who are currently acting as a deadweight on the overall economy. 
Imagine you were receiving $100 for your product/service but owed 50k. Now you receive 1k for the same product/service and still owe $50k.
@_date: 2017-09-14 18:34:35
Whats dumb about it?
Everyday 1800btc x $5k were printed out of thin air for no reason. Think about that for a minute. That means billions of dollars worth of BtC were given to miners so they can sell them to bagholders. Why? because the protocol said so. Luckily the protocol can't guarantee the $5k so down the price went.
@_date: 2017-09-03 20:13:54
So shills are out in full force trying to stop nervous baghodlers from selling.
@_date: 2017-09-20 16:54:12
Bitcoiners want us to replace rule by the current oligarchy with rule by the bitcoin oligarchy, meaning an economy run for the interests of guys like Roger Ver and Eric Voorhees.
The root cause of the misery inflicting people in today's economy is not fiat currency but usury. People are unaware to even explain their plight because they have zero understanding of the mechanisms behind it.
The bitcoin crowd exploits this ignorance by offering a pyramid scheme as the answer, which as we can see, benefits a small group.
@_date: 2017-09-20 16:52:54
Principia was full of bullshit that was later debunked. Newton was an apologist for the English WHIG oligarchy at the time. He deliberately filled Principia with unreadable mathematics in order to hide his tracks. 
I absolutely do not dispute many of his contributions but the fact is he wasn't a demi-god as portrayed by English speaking countries. Newton attempted to portray capitalism as normal since it existed in the realm of physics while Darwin justified predatory capitalism by claiming it exists naturally in biology. You ever wonder why these ENGLISH so called 'scientists' are so promoted by the powers that be? Nobody ever questions it because 'science is God'. 
Best analysis of Newton.
@_date: 2017-09-14 18:19:35
China just closed the doors on more bagholders.
@_date: 2017-09-20 00:00:12
Newton was a moron. Abandoned early in life by his mother which drove him to believe all existence is strife, something he would later model his physics on.
Usurer during his days in school, he basically projected the capitalist economic system as existing in physics.
Responsible for imposing the gold standard onto the British empire which ended the empire some 150 years later under a mountain of deflationary debt.
People worship him as some rational scientist when he was a notorious alchemist. 
@_date: 2017-09-14 17:22:00
At 5k per btc, billions of dollars worth of bitcoins were printed annually out of thin air on top of billions of alt coins.
Chickens are coming home to roost. BCH proved you can inflate the supply of crypto at the push of a button.
@_date: 2017-09-14 21:57:21
What is the final demand for bitcoin? The government takes my fiat back in payment of tax obligations.
Who is obligated to take my bitcoins back from me? Is it Satoshi or Andreas? Or whoever I can *convince* ?
@_date: 2017-09-14 17:22:00
At 5k per btc, billions of dollars worth of bitcoins were printed annually out of thin air on top of billions of alt coins.
Chickens are coming home to roost. BCH proved you can inflate the supply of crypto at the push of a button.
@_date: 2017-09-17 23:39:49
Eric Voorhees is right.
Early adopters were also miners. The job of 'users' is to hand all their fiat money to the miners. Voorhees was prominent in this space for actively promoting gambling addiction while engaging in boiler room pump and dumps. Voorhees claimed in the name of 'liberty' you should play on his rigged Satoshi Dice casino. This created a major demand for BTC as gambling addiction took hold making the initial early adopters very rich.
@_date: 2017-09-14 21:57:21
What is the final demand for bitcoin? The government takes my fiat back in payment of tax obligations.
Who is obligated to take my bitcoins back from me? Is it Satoshi or Andreas? Or whoever I can *convince* ?
@_date: 2017-09-10 13:52:17
Will they be using a third party processor to get fiat and never touch bitcoin?
We need to stop with the misleading titles in this subreddit.
@_date: 2017-09-21 20:53:45
Are people still pumping bitcoin ATMs?
Anyone remember when this subreddit said millions of them would be all over the world by now?
@_date: 2017-09-17 20:21:09
The ponzi collapses because the hashrate will all move to other coins.
@_date: 2017-09-20 16:41:00
So Amir finally comes to the conclusion that anarchy doesn't work.
When will he come to the conclusion that in order to build something, one needs to be rooted. Wandering around squatting at various places and not knowing if one will eat or not is not a good game plan.
Democratic councils all sound good in theory like every promised utopia but in practice, hierarchy immediately begins to develop. People simply work the best in hierarchical systems, that is evidenced but what is around us. The problem is in egalitarian utopian schemes you have an open attack against hierarchy which produces layers of people in positions they should have no place being in. 
@_date: 2017-09-14 21:44:10
Mhmm. You didn't adress any of my points.
Why create 1800 a day and not 5k or 50? Its an arbitrary number. Bitcoins are printed out of thin air because Satoshi said so. Altcoins like BCH can be created at the push of a button. They all compete for fiat.
Dollars/Euros are created when the government spends and destroyed when the government taxes.
Who removes bitcoins from the system? No one. Are the miners even obligated to let you use the blockchain? No.
These are real questions that should be asked.
@_date: 2017-09-14 21:44:10
Mhmm. You didn't adress any of my points.
Why create 1800 a day and not 5k or 50? Its an arbitrary number. Bitcoins are printed out of thin air because Satoshi said so. Altcoins like BCH can be created at the push of a button. They all compete for fiat.
Dollars/Euros are created when the government spends and destroyed when the government taxes.
Who removes bitcoins from the system? No one. Are the miners even obligated to let you use the blockchain? No.
These are real questions that should be asked.
@_date: 2017-09-14 21:32:19
Thanks for your fiat!
@_date: 2017-09-14 21:57:36
So bitcoin is not money.
@_date: 2017-07-28 11:58:53
Fraud capital of the world opens up a bitcoin exchange shop. Not surprising.
@_date: 2017-07-01 22:46:41
The thing is, the bitcoin ecosystem has caused tremendous harm to many participants while to this day being unable to show the flipside of that, mainly tremendous value. We have a small minority who has gotten 'rich' from the fiat transfers of a majority.
I think one has to put the bitcoin 'enemies' into a context. If they are banning because they understand the nature of crypto as harmful and if the authority they are exercising is legitimate, I would have to agree with it.
@_date: 2017-07-27 22:39:25
A vile and disgustingly greedy group of people vying to fuck each other over at an instant just to be bitcoin rich.
@_date: 2017-07-10 15:44:59
So Antonopolous basically confirms that libertarians live in delusion. 'There is no such thing as spam.' Meanwhile the blockchain is bloated with spam. Lets just continue to repeat.
Outside of a moral framework there is no way to define criteria, so we are told to live in delusion instead. This is precisely the approach in the modern 'anti-realist' world. The bitcoin space is a microcosm and to an extent an extremist variant of anti-realism in action.
@_date: 2017-07-14 17:58:53
Lets start with reality.
What is the objective essence of a bitcoin? Bitcoins are cryptologically authenticated records of wasted computation. That is all.
The price may very well be driven by delusional perceptions that people subjectively apply to bitcoin but by no means does that change the reality.
Let me sum it up.
I just exchanged 2500 dollars for this bitcoin. Now what can I do with it? Fucking nothing. The bitcoin I hold merely proves that energy was spent doing pointless calculations. Wealth was destroyed and this bitcoin itself does not produce anything. Its the equivalent of a photograph of someones home burned down. What can I do with it? Again nothing. Can I count on another deluded mind to come by and pay me for it? Maybe or maybe not. The intrinsic value is zero.
@_date: 2017-07-14 21:55:45
I explained in one of my response why demand exists for US dollars. Diamonds are also based on subjective perception which is the same as bitcoins, however they are not money and neither are bitcoins.
As I stated in my response to other posters. If you need to tell yourself delusional fairy tales in order to justify your perception of what bitcoin is, go right ahead. Tons of guys will be willing to give you precious bitcoins in exchange for your 'soon to be worthless fiat'.
@_date: 2017-07-14 18:41:05
There is nothing stopping private individuals from printing trillions of crypto currency tokens.
Infact it has already happened. Bitcoins market share is around 45%, that means 55% of the market is now composed of coins created out of thin air. What mechanism exists to stop more of that from happening? What obligates me to accept only bitcoin?
Nothing. 
If bitcoin was the only crypto in town and assuming it held all 100% of the market cap, the price would be around 6k by now. So cryptos have already proven that they are *not* anti-debasement proof. This is the primary reason why the bitcoin price is headed *lower*.
Bitcoin is not a claim against assets nor is it security giving its holder any rights. Its merely a digital photograph that computer power was expended in the past. That is all.
@_date: 2017-07-14 21:21:34
Nothing you are saying changes what bitcoin is.
Bitcoin is cryptological evidence that computational power was wasted. That is the objective essence of bitcoin.
The price of this 'proof of waste' is entirely based on the subjective *perception* of delusional people, the majority who ironically want to increase their 'fiat' balances. They put in X dollars and want X+Y dollars back. People imposing their delusional beliefs through whatever reasons is entirely independent of the essence of bitcoin, which I described to you above.
If you need to explain your perception of bitcoin, in order to justify why you just spent $2k+ on nothing but a string of numbers. Fantasy storytelling how everyone in the future will be using it is definitely a great way, so sure go right ahead. Whatever you need to hear pal, remember what I said *delusional people*. You can be sure all these 'insiders' selling you the bitcoins are probably having a great time on your dime!
@_date: 2017-07-14 18:09:14
If you bought at the last all time high nearly 4 years ago you spent the majority of the time sitting on huge unrealized losses. Bitcoin only 'regained' in the last few months. Think about it, the current price isn't even double what it was almost *48 months* ago.
Despite all the hype all the preaching all the delusions. That looks bearish to me.
People are talking about all this demand but really when one analyzes the quality of transactions occurring its turning out there really isn't that much more demand.
People who bought at 2k+ are going to ask themselves, wow what did I just buy? A string of numbers that is idle and sterile? Does bitcoin give me any rights? No. Is someone obligated to take this from me? No. The intrinsic value is zero despite what perceptions are imposed by anti-realism.
@_date: 2017-07-30 19:01:49
You spend 1% to promote an atmosphere of vice addiction that way you have a steady stream of fiat buyers.
Setup and promote gambling, porn, fraud, greed, scams. Basically what early adopters have done in this 'community'. Addicts keep feeding you fiat as you sell to them on the exchanges you control.
To cover all this up you wrap everything up in a nice sounding ideology like liberty and freedom and how 'latest tech' crypto is.
Done and done. Just sit back and watch the cash tumble in.
@_date: 2017-07-14 21:42:59
So their value will go to 'zero' as you say because why? That's right there is no reason, just like there is no reason why we all have to be using bitcoin 'as money' in the future. 
You basically prove everything I said. Its just perception pal and perceptions can change on a whim. Bitcoin can easily be $5 dollars a year from now just as easily as it can be $5k. Of course the modernist mind needs some 'rational' explanation so you can look up some pseudo-economic theory to draw up charts of why bitcoin will be $XXXX.
The essence of bitcoin is always the same, it remains evidence that someone 'mined' aka wasted resources. That doesn't change despite the perception subjectively IMPOSED on the object.
@_date: 2017-07-14 21:32:55
If you want to sell services or products in the US you must pay taxes. These taxes are denominated in US dollars. Dollars are tax credits giving you the right to pay off your tax obligation. Taxes are what drive demand for an issuers currency, they aren't the *only* reason but its sufficient.
Bitcoins do not give you any rights nor is anyone obligated to take them in exchange for an asset nor to extinguish an obligation.
Miners who run the network are under no obligation to even let you use the network despite you having bitcoin. Think about that for a minute, having bitcoins doesn't mean you are automatically allowed to even use them.
Bitcoins have the same properties as pokemon cards or any other commodity.
Think of bitcoins as digital photographs of stuff being burned.
At the end of the day what is the intrinsic value of a bitcoin outside of the perception people impose on it? Zero because I cannot do anything with it other than say look look someone *wasted* X resources and gave me digits!
@_date: 2017-07-01 13:08:13
Gavin Andresen is the man behind the curtains pulling the strings.
Remember hes been involved in everything from Bitcoin Foundation to Wright and also promoting the Ver hardfolks.
@_date: 2017-06-28 22:10:54
The problem is bitcoin destroys wealth while not producing even an equal amount. Human and physical capital was used up to produce a string of numbers(hash). What can I do with that string of numbers now? I can sell it to someone as evidence of how much electricity, gpus, intellectual/physical labor I wasted.
Think of my arsonist example which also debunks the notion that all value is subjective. The arsonist may very well have valued his home more in a burned down state, but it doesn't change the fact that he is now poorer. Just because I sold a picture of what he did, doesn't mean we are richer.
Bitcoin is the equivalent of a photograph of someone doing something stupid. Is a photograph like that scarce? Yes. Can it have a price. Yes. Does that make the activity right? No. Does it make the economy richer? No. Or else we would all be doing nothing but making 'bitcoins' ie proof of work of stupidity.
@_date: 2017-07-14 18:20:53
The USD is a security that gives you certain rights. You have the right to pay your tax obligation with it. That alone gives it sufficient demand to be accepted. USD's are an abstract concept used to keep track of IOU's linked to actual property. 
With bitcoin you have no rights nor any claims against assets, infact miners are not even *obligated* to let you use the blockchain despite you having bitcoins. Think about that. The bitcoin network is under no obligation to let you transfer the very bitcoins you hold. This is why nobody accepts bitcoins anywhere, despite what this reddit claims, they accept fiat from bitcoin exchangers.
I know in your deluded libertarian world there is no such thing as authority but in the real world there is.
@_date: 2017-06-29 00:45:34
What value does gold store? Its a shiney rock! The wealth of the world that is 'stored' in gold is not even 1%. Look around you what do you see? Do you see gold? No. So why should gold be given a priority above all else?
I told you just because you are imposing delusional perceptions onto an object does not mean you can change reality. Gold is a pretty rock and bitcoin is cryptographic evidence of wasted computational power.
@_date: 2017-06-29 00:56:27
See my post below. Bitcoin is a case study in delusional perception being imposed on something. Cryptocurrencies are the culmination of decades upon decades of anti-realism.
In a sense they are 'pure anti-realism' because they represent value without an object. Its like something that exists nowhere and everywhere at the same time.
I find it amusing how bitcoiners believe by using government researched and developed technology(cryptography, internet) they are somehow anti-government? 
Government fiat currency is a security that entails its holder to certain rights. One of those rights is the ability to extinguish a tax obligation. Another is to engage in economic transactions in a given but not limited too geographical area controlled by the issuing sovereign.
What rights does holding Bitcoin give you? Nothing.
@_date: 2017-06-28 23:37:28
Just because bitcoiners impose their perception onto bitcoin and percieve it to be valuable does not change it's objective essence. Objective essence is independent of what perceptions people impose onto bitcoin.
Bitcoins are an unproductive string of numbers that cryptographicly prove waste happened.  That is all.
@_date: 2017-06-29 00:17:40
Because currencies are securities that give you certain rights. Fiat currencies give you the right to extinguish your tax obligation in a given domain. The sovereign issuer promises to take them back in payment of taxes. Essentially fiat currencies give you the right to operate economically in a certain but not limited too geographical domain.
This is where bitcoin differs immensely. 
Bitcoin is not a security because it does not confer any rights or claims to its holder. Miners are under no obligation to even let you use the blockchain even though you have bitcoins. Think of bitcoins like pokemon cards. You possess them and can trade them, that's where it ends. The problem lies in creating them, it requires wealth to be consumed which makes everyone poorer. 
Hope that makes sense.
@_date: 2017-07-28 01:41:50
People on this subreddit are bitter because he is right.
What is the objective essence of bitcoin? Evidence of wasted computational power. 
The objective essence is entirely independent from the subjective perception delusional people *impose* onto bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-06-28 23:59:23
Bingo! What you said about gold is 100% spot on. Now apply that to bitcoin. 
Gold requires a ton of useless labor, physical space, security etc. For what, at the end of the day? Shiney rocks? What is the objective essence of gold independent of the delusional perceptions people impose on it? Well its shiney and can be used for wire and jewellery. That's where it ends! Imagine how sociopathic you have to be expending so much effort just to hoard shiney rocks in a guarded vault!
@_date: 2017-07-14 18:31:05
As I stated, I do not deny that subjective perceptions influence price. However subjective perceptions are absolutely separate from objective reality. Bitcoin is proof that computational power was expended, wastefully. That is all.
Imagine I take a photo of someone doing something stupid. That is what a bitcoin is. Can that photo have a price? Absolutely. Has its essence changed because of a rising price? No. The rising price reflects the changing *perception* of the photo.
This crowd has constantly regurgitated the flawed belief that just because the 'market' perceives something to be valuable than that must be absolutely correct. This is pure anti-realism in action. 1 hour before Lehman went bankrupt the 'market' still perceived the price of the bonds to be high. Talk about lack of reality.
Deluded perceptions are not reality my friend and my understanding of money absolutely dwarfs your 'barter' pokemon token approach.
@_date: 2017-06-29 00:30:52
I never disputed that people imposing delusional perceptions onto an object may very well drive its 'price' however that does not change reality. Bitcoin at the end of the day is cryptographic proof of wasted computational power. Producing crypto day and night is making everyone poorer despite the illusion of wealth creation. That statement can be mathematically proven.
A picture of ashes of a burned house may very well be valuable to someone. Think about a news agency that buys the picture for evidence for a story. So now that the market values this, does it mean the initial action was correct(the burning of the home) no.
Modern economics tells us just because a group of people impose a perception onto something and perceive it to be valuable than it must be so. 'The market is always right'. 
The objective essence of something is independent of subjective perceptions of people.
The reason people are having a hard time understanding this is because anti-realism is the very essence of modernity. 
One of the posters in this thread, responding to me, correctly stated that most modern markets are based on fantasy(while defending it as normal and a good thing). 
@_date: 2017-06-28 23:22:24
What is your idea of success? A high price?
I told you in my example. Bitcoin destroys resources. That is what 'proof of work' means. Think of bitcoin as the photograph of a pile of ashes. 
Bitcoin vested interests have to sell a perception because the objective essence of bitcoin is nothing. Its just a string of numbers at the end of the day. Subjective perception is traded instead. I perceive someone will come and give me more fiat dollars for my bitcoin in the future, so I pay whatever now for it. Vested interests promote this anti-realism. In a sense we can say bitcoin buyers are valuing bitcoins based on their own delusions. These delusions may very well be subjective, for example erroneous understanding of economics.
Just because the photograph of ashes trades for a high price does not mean that burning down a house adds wealth.
Cryptocurrencies impose a cost because they consume resources but are not productive themselves. Hope that makes sense.
I wanted to add something, the losses that crypto currency generate are not limited to the physical resources consumed. Think of all the talented developers involved in bitcoin who otherwise may have been adding their immense intellectual labor to something actually productive and fruitful? The immense intellectual energy that has been wasted in making a few ungrateful hands fiat rich is stunning to stay the least. 
@_date: 2017-06-29 01:09:23
Actually you can't do what you are claiming.
If you send bitcoin to venuzeula someone must be willing to buy it from you in exchange for the state money that is accepted as legal tender in that particular domain. Bitcoiners haven't been able to come up with a single example of bitcoin saving anyone from the economic calamity in Venezuela. After all, does bitcoin produce anything, for example food? No. Grounded in reality, bitcoin is useless in real world catastrophe, because once again, it produces nothing I would need to survive one. 
Second off. If bitcoin is cut off from the banking system, lets say by a powerful state restricting exchanges, what happens to your buying power? It evaporates. Remember, everyone measures their buying power in state fiat not in bitcoins. Your buying power is completely linked to someone wanting to give you state fiat for your bitcoins.
I do get it. Bitcoin is all about *imposed* perception completely devoid of actual reality. The group or 'market' perceive bitcoin to be valuable for whatever subjective reasons they come up with. This however does not change the objective reality of what bitcoin is. A string of numbers that cryptographically prove computational power was wasted. 
Think of a photograph of someone doing something stupid.
@_date: 2017-06-28 23:49:21
Oh great. So we should all go around burning things down around us to make us richer in rebuilding them?
Friend you are exactly what I described using the word 'delusional' and modern anti-realism. 
Wealth is not an abstract concept even though you may impose delusional perceptions on objects. You are correct that modern markets are absolutely infected with anti-realism where trading and creating 'nothingness' is common hence the massive economic instability they create!
@_date: 2017-06-28 21:49:04
Hello Gentlemen.
Bitcoin is a wealth destroyer.
Simple analogy. Suppose an anarchist burns down his home because he subjectively values it to be better burned down and you take a photo of his actions.
That photo is now scarce for obvious reasons and probably valuable to sell to some news agency. However does that imply the arsonist was right? 
Bitcoin is essentially proof of wealth destruction. Miners use real resources, labor, computer chips, electrcity etc to compute nothing of value. Bitcoin is the evidence(proof of work) of that destruction. Miners are like the anarchist and the 'bitcoin' the photograph.
Does bitcoin now produce something of greater value than what was destroyed making the bitcoin? No. 
Bitcoin is the same as the photo of the arsonist burning down a building. He may have subjectively valued the burned building as more valuable, even if it was his own, but it doesn't change the fact that wealth was destroyed.
Bitcoin is the same thing. People may very well value it, but it still consumes wealth and therefore makes the whole poorer.