@_author: libertect
@_date: 2015-06-12 13:00:05
Two recent ones: 
The Age of Cryptocurrency by Paul Vigna and Michael Casey 
Digital Gold by Nathaniel Popper 
Also, I'm about half way through Cryptonomicon by Neal Stephenson, a 90s sci-fi / historical fiction with a plot that revolves around many of the ideas that would later become Bitcoin. 
Finally, it doesn't really count as a book, but Satoshi's Bitcoin white paper is essential reading. 
@_date: 2014-02-06 21:47:58
Yes, I had a feeling that would be the case. Several of us have done case studies of data centers, and we have got a pretty good idea of the organizational requirements of those. I certainly see how a data center designer could provide more technical advice. I think it would be particularly interesting however to speak with people in the bitcoin community. Besides logistics, I think there could be a lot to talk about regarding the future of bitcoin as an alternative currency, how the public might interact with the building, etc.
@_date: 2015-01-25 20:47:28
I'm an architecture graduate student at Columbia University, and last year I was asked to design a bank for a site on the Fulton Mall in Downtown Brooklyn. My studio professor added a twist: we would design the bank as a Bitcoin mining colony. After completing the semester with a design for a blob (actually two interlocking blobs) containing a data center and a shopping mall, I realized that my project was essentially bullshit. So I threw it out and started over. This is my revised Bitcoin project, which is no longer a bank, nor even a building, but rather a series of strategic interventions to introduce Bitcoin as a currency. The project takes advantage of the politics at play at Fulton Mall, aligning Bitcoin with the local entrepreneurs and loyal customers who feel they are being pushed out by the big banks, developers, city planners, and multinational chain stores.
@_date: 2015-01-15 05:25:07
Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue. 