@_author: libfreejaeg
@_date: 2019-07-25 03:56:37
Scarcity is key here.  You will work 10 years of your life for lots of things that are more common than a single bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-05 18:29:36
Immutability is not obfuscation.  When something is immutable, it cannot be changed.  This does not make it harder to crack games. In fact, many times cracked games are older versions of a game, which potentially, the block chain would always have available.  Obfuscation is what makes a game harder to crack, companies are always trying to find ways to hide their code.
Lets say for arguments sake a licensing platform existed that used block chain technology.  Perhaps, a token would be a valid license \(maybe a token is used up to use the software... the implementation isn't the issue\).  This could be used by the end user to verify that their purchase is valid, but any authentication could be duplicated by another user \(think using multiple wallets to send parts of the same coin\).  You also have the issue of people sharing their authentication methods.  This theoretical platform wouldn't want to have a few of the main qualities of distributed technologies.  Open code, open history, and not being able to change a ledger if you wanted to revoke a license.
EDIT:  Reading this, I sound like an asshole\-\-maybe I am one.  The point wasn't to say you are wrong.  I don't know what will happen. You could totally be right, but I think your reasoning for investing in gaming companies might need auditing.
@_date: 2018-06-05 18:43:37
It helped me to realize that what you could physically have is an address to move a bitcoin.  
@_date: 2018-06-05 18:53:40
When you get a "cracked" version of a game, the code may not have been changed at all.  There is usually a wrapper of code that tricks the game code into thinking that it is legitimately purchased. The wrapper code is what is created to trick the existing codes authentication.
@_date: 2018-06-05 22:23:40
Right, that is one way to do it (patch).  However there are others that would be used in the hypothetical case and used today:
Keygen, patch, or loader.  [  
Keygen, being the sharing of valid credentials.  
Loader being a wrapper program.  
