@_author: libratax
@_date: 2015-12-11 21:59:57
Connect your Coinbase account to LibraTax.com, we built it to help you easily stay tax compliant.  
@_date: 2015-12-11 22:11:02
Every time you "dispose" of a capital asset it is a taxable event.  A gain or loss must be recognized regardless of the amount.  Spending bitcoin is a disposition just like a sale of bitcoin is a disposition.
That goes for stocks, bonds, derivatives, and yes, cryptocurrency.  The issue is more complex for cryptocurrency because many people "spend" it.
It's normally easy because your exchange or broker will track the necessary information for you, and every year they are legally required to provide you with a 1099-B form which has all that information for you.
Bitcoin exchanges aren't sending out 1099-B forms so the onus for reporting falls to the end user.  And you are right, tracking cost basis, holding period, and proceeds for not just trading activity, but also your spending activity is overwhelming.
That's why we built LibraTax.com
@_date: 2014-03-27 06:24:39
For those concerned about staying compliant (which is not everyone here), we are building an online service that will completely automate tax calculations.  You will be able to apply optimized accounting methods so you don't end up paying the IRS any more than is necessary, but it will be user friendly in a way that you don't need to understand tax law.
If you file for an extension (October), the service will be ready in time to make your life easier - 
@_date: 2014-03-27 07:24:16
Exactly!  In fact we are building this service right now.
@_date: 2014-03-27 06:38:16
The bitcoin client should not and will not perform that operation.  It's an accounting concern, not a protocol concern.
We are building a 3rd party service right now to accomplish exactly what you described though.  Optimized accounting will be handled in the background.
@_date: 2014-08-20 00:40:05
Great questions!
1)  The software auto-detects a 'transfer' of funds from one of your accounts/addresses/wallets to another and defaults the 'type' of transaction for you (non-taxable, no change in net balance).  You can hide these transfers from view since they are immaterial to the tax equation
2)  Grey area subject.  There is some debate as to whether the exchange of one crypto to another is an exchange of "like-kind" property.  More than likely this will NOT be the case.  Trading from one crypto to another will be a taxable event for the crypto you are exiting, and the establishment of a new cost basis for the crypto being entered.  
Full multi-crypto support is still in internal testing.  In the absence of guidance on this, we will allow the user to configure their transaction using either assumption (exchange of "like-kind" or not).
3)  You can identify any transaction as a "donation" or "gift" (the former being deductible, the later not) and the software accounts for it properly.  In either case, no gains are "realized" on these transactions (unless the gift is over $14,000 - a gift tax applies).  In the works is a partnership that will enable users to offset much/all of their taxable liabilities by donating appreciated coins.
4)  We currently support Coinbase, BitGo, and Blockchain wallets.  More integrations with exchanges/wallets are in progress!
The beta is live and available to the public now at libratax.com
We would love to hear your feedback
@_date: 2014-03-30 21:02:56
I'm glad you are taking compliance seriously.  The risk of getting audited is incredibly small, but the consequence is brutal.
My advice is to file for an extension.  Or, if you are comfortable sharing your transaction history, I can assist you (free of charge).
I am developing software which will automate tax processing for digital currency.  It will be launching in time for anyone who files an extension on taxes (so before october).
@_date: 2014-03-27 07:13:49
There are several ways (requiring little to no effort from user's end)  that non-taxable transactions can be identified and removed from the CGT calculation process
@_date: 2014-03-27 07:02:05
The service we are building now will ensure the average consumer doesn't have to screw with any of that.
In fact, provided there is a service to automate CGT calculation and filing, you could argue this will attract the average consumer because there is no longer the "uncertainty" factor surrounding the legality of BTC transactions.
@_date: 2014-03-27 06:51:10
Precisely.  I'm glad someone else understands that the IRS guidance is good news.
Additionally, concerns that this is "just too complicated" will soon be alleviated.  We are creating a service right now that can automate CGT calculations while applying the optimal cost basis method for your personal transaction history.
Soon enough, Bitcoin will help make filling taxes easier than it is now.  Wait and see.
@_date: 2015-08-18 18:15:34
Jake from Libra here!
Look - businesses aren't dumb.  Perhaps they aren't on the leading edge of tech all the time, but businesses are not dumb.
There is an intermediary advantage that exists between full bitcoin adoption and the status quo.  Something intermediary will be adopted first, and that's a cryptographic ledger which is "distributed".  Gains and efficiencies will be seen there because it's just an area ripe for change.  Giving an auditor a public key is so much easier than giving them access to your entire books.
Bitcoin 2.0 shouldn't be taken literally.  Duh.  The writers know bitcoin itself is in beta.  The real fruit of this technology hasn't been harvested yet, and the business community will continue searching for it.  
From what we see, the technology behind bitcoin is more of a discovery than an invention.  Cryptographic bookkeeping is more likely than a new world currency.  
@_date: 2015-11-20 18:27:08
Libra automates the accounting across different wallets and accounts as well.  
Unfortunately, the same accounting challenges are present with foreign currency.  Most people aren't aware of that.  You would still have to track cost-basis upon acquisition and capital gains/losses upon disposal.  The only difference being that gains under $200 don't need to be reported.  Nonetheless, the record keeping and burden of proof are basically identical.
@_date: 2015-11-20 18:41:23
