@_author: lifeanon269
@_date: 2018-01-12 20:18:51


Batching transactions isn't a bad idea and it won't slow down the broadcasting of transactions for users nor will it make it difficult to make payments to services like Bitpay. Coinbase was sending out about one transaction per second. That means you could batch transactions every 30 seconds or a minute and still receive an 80%+ reduction in the amount of blockspace their transactions were taking up. That's more than what's achievable with SegWit. Add in SegWit to that will just be icing on the cake. Batching is more important for exchanges to implement than SegWit and will result in a much smaller blockchain which is the opposite of what SegWit would do. We still need more SegWit adoption to take place, but if Coinbase is to prioritize one over the other, then more prioritization should be given to batching than SegWit, IMO.
@_date: 2018-01-12 21:34:30
You're not even making sense any more. So what if any gap Coinbase creates get utilized by transactions elsewhere. That's the whole point; that Bitcion can handle more on-chain transactions. If Bitcoin can handle more transactions without requiring a block size increase, then that is good for decentralization even when second layers are in play. You're starting to sound like a big blocker. 
@_date: 2018-01-12 20:39:55
Block space should always be utilized to the most efficient degree as possible even when the Lightning Network is fully operational since that depends upon on-chain transactions for opening/closing transactions. Block space is a precious resource that shouldn't be misused. Lightning Network will continue to be developed with or without full blocks and saying you want block space to be used inefficiently just to promote LN use is just as a malicious intent as those who are performing inefficient transactions to promote crap alt-coins like BCash.
@_date: 2018-01-12 20:56:35
I didn't say that batching is a long term solution. It is absolutely a short term solution for our problems that happen to be short term problems until LN is fully deployed. The entire reason why the core devs don't want a block size increase is because they want the users of the network to instead utilize the block space we have more efficiently. This latest Coinbase outage was proof that our current blocksize limit is perfectly adequate at handling our current adoption levels and will likely be able to carry us until second layer solutions are available.
@_date: 2018-01-12 20:46:52
It is unreasonable to expect a large exchange to simply batch their transactions and save 80% of their block space usage but it isn't unreasonable for you to demand that they implement the LN? Sorry, one can be done today with immediate savings while the other still has some ways to go yet.
@_date: 2017-12-12 16:31:14
I think the important part of this is that if more and more people start to do this, it will make Coinbase/GDAX start to feel the same fee pressure that the rest of the community is feeling on the bitcoin network and entice them to move faster with their SegWit implementation. That will help free up some block weight space on the network and lower on-chain fees for everyone.
@_date: 2017-11-15 16:38:07
Yup, I do this now already. I use my VISA Shift card with some spending money stored in Coinbase. Meanwhile I have the vast majority of my bitcoin stored in a cold storage wallet securely. It's like having a checking account for purchases stored with a central entity, meanwhile I've got a secure impenetrable vault I manage myself for my long term storage. Until layer-2 solutions come around, this is an excellent way to help bitcoin scale for everyday purchases while keeping the decentralized nature of the bitcoin network intact. I only make a couple of on-chain transactions each month and paying $1 to make those low-priority transactions is completely worth it.
@_date: 2017-11-07 20:26:22
I think you meant "Trick Question:"
@_date: 2017-11-17 12:58:25
I thought you were on the moon for a second.
@_date: 2017-11-28 19:45:09
The market price on all the exchanges is dictated by whats occurring on the exchange itself. All buy and sell orders typically take place off-chain. So the transactions sitting in the mempool aren't really transactions that are on the market and really don't have any bearing on the current market price. Some of those transactions currently waiting confirmation might be getting moved to exchanges for selling, but the current market price doesn't reflect that.
Also, about two-thirds of the 90MB in the mempool are for transactions with a fee rate of 0-5 satoshis/byte. I highly doubt those transactions are transactions looking to be moved to exchanges for sell orders.
TLDR: The current load of unconfirmed transactions don't and likely won't have any impact on the current or future market price.
@_date: 2017-11-07 16:18:04
I think they're a great bridge until further bitcoin adoption takes place with merchants. I move all my monthly spending money over to bitcoin and use my Shift card for all my purchases. It allows me to take advantage of bitcoin gains with my spending money and also stop using my checking account as much. There aren't any transaction fees, so it gives me another channel to be able to quickly cash out some bitcoin if I ever need to. Do I wish I could use bitcoin directly at merchants instead of using VISA? Yup, but this is a great intermediate option to allow me to keep my money in bitcoin until I need to spend it. I highly recommend it. Your other option is to keep your spending money in USD in a checking account and use a debit card with that account instead...but USD sucks.
@_date: 2018-03-09 20:49:46
@_date: 2018-03-14 15:37:09
Thanks. Any plans to add BIP38 private key encryption? There aren't a lot of offline options for that (other than bitaddress.org and bitcoinpaperwallet). Yours is a lot more simple as far as private key generation goes, so adding BIP38 encryption would make for a nice simple offline generation tool.
@_date: 2018-03-13 02:34:39
I love the camera QR code method of signing transactions with an air-gapped cold storage Electrum wallet, but from my experience I’ve found that once you get much larger than a typical 1 input-&gt;2 output transaction, the QR code becomes too complicated for the camera to accurately read. Anyone else have this problem? Otherwise it works a charm for simple 1 input transactions.
@_date: 2018-03-09 20:24:15
I believe the BeagleBoard SOCs are open source that you could run open source software on.
@_date: 2018-03-21 18:48:14
You do know that Linux, in some form or another, is the most widely used operating system, right? Children at the age of two are operating cell phones and high-schoolers today are designing robotics that would've required a PhD 10 years ago. I don't think it is a stretch to think that in 10 years it will be second nature for a 5 year to perform a bitcoin transaction on a smartphone.
@_date: 2018-03-21 19:21:49
I'm being misleading? You're the one that simply said "Linux of the world". I'm not talking just Android. I'm talking about a majority of application appliances, SBCs, embedded systems, servers, etc. I agree with you that there will always be a niche evangelical userbase that will always keep bitcoin going as a currency and network. But Linux is thee most dominant operating system in the world considering most of our systems have Linux somewhere in their architecture. So if Bitcoin becomes the "Linux of the world", then Bitcoin could absolutely be considered the world's dominant currency and its future would be bright.
@_date: 2018-03-22 01:43:15
I mean this seems like a silly debate at this point. But the Linux kernel is what defines Linux and its distributions. The openSSL package that's a part of the distribution is not Linux. The Bash package that is a part of that distribution is not Linux. The Glibc package that is in that distribution is not Linux. The desktop environment that is used is not Linux. All these tools and software are built on top of Linux.
In that regard, Bitcoin is the base layer and there will be many many systems and services that are built on top of Bitcoin in the same way that developers and engineers build on top of the Linux kernel today. Bitcoin will be a base layer and there will be layers built on top of Bitcoin that will settle contracts, land title registrations, notarization, micro-transactions, etc. All these systems, while not Bitcoin itself, will still solidfy the base layer Bitcoin blockchain as an irreplacable part of this ecosystem just like the Linux kernel is an irreplaceable part of all the Linux distributions and variations that exist today.
@_date: 2018-02-15 23:31:59
I stand corrected. After restarting my app, it does now give me the seed for the wallet I created. Any ideas on what type of seed format they use?
@_date: 2018-02-15 23:29:53
Unfortunately though you don't get access to your actual keys though. It is nice that it makes it easy for the casual user to only have to worry about a username/password as it is a familiar security concept for them. But, by having your bitcoin tied to that security ID without having access to your actual bitcoin private keys, you're now tied to the AirBitz/Edge ecosystem. What happens if Airbitz/Edge suddenly no longer exists and all you have is your username/password combo, but no private keys?
@_date: 2017-10-23 18:20:33
I use Coinbase along with their Shift debit card. I'm like you where I spend about $500 a month. I keep that small amount of spending money in Coinbase where I use the Shift debit card to spend it. Calculating capital gains is easy since Coinbase does it all for you. You just need to generate the report (Cost-basis for Taxes report). Also, the amount in short-term capital gains is hardly anything since you're purchasing $500 each month and likely spending it that month and not really giving your Bitcoin a chance to grow. Therefore your capital gains will be minimal on each of your purchases you make with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-09-20 20:05:28
Glad it help!   :)
@_date: 2017-09-19 01:14:29
Hope this helps:


Bitcoin's value doesn't depend on it replacing any fiat currency. Bitcoin can and certainly will co-exist with fiat currencies. It's value doesn't even depend upon it being used as a currency in daily transactions at all. Its value depends directly upon what the market feels bitcoin's use case is and the value that use case is worth. Bitcoin has many use cases beyond just transactional (store of value, reserve currency, remittances, etc).


Bitcoin's original design and goal was never to replace fiat currency. Nowhere in the original whitepaper was it mentioned that the goal was to replace fiat currency and for some reason the article author is fixated on that. The author likely also doesn't fully understand the technology and has probably no idea what the lightning network is or how it works. If the goal is to be used as a transactional digital currency, then the lightning network can fulfill that need adequately on very little electricity.


First, using Gresham's Law against a digital currency makes no sense. Gresham's Law applied to currencies that had value based not only on their face value given to them, but also the value of the metal that they were made with. Gresham's Law hardly can be applied accurately to currency in the digital age where there is no tangible asset and where fiat currency is generally just a piece of paper or an entry in a database. If people value bitcoin over fiat currency, then they'll just exchange all their fiat currency in favor of bitcoin and use that both as savings and spending (since it can be used for both). The concept that people then won't spend their bitcoin because its future value will likely be higher is also faulty. We don't see this happen today in economics, so why would it be true with bitcoin? The consumerist nature of society far outweighs any deflationary aspect of the currency that society may use. An Apple iPhone costs $1000 today and people flock to be the first one's to buy it, even though if they waited a couple years, they could purchase that same iPhone for half the price. It may not be the currency that gained in value, but the psychological effect of the consumer is the same whether it is the currency that rises in value or the good that's worth decreases. If people want something, they'll purchase it with whatever currency they have on hand. A deflationary currency doesn't change that fact.


Not sure what the point is he is making here. Homeland Security has even said that the amount of nefarious activity use with bitcoin has not seen a rise. Bitcoin's value isn't solely derived from its use in drug trade. Its value comes from an assortment of all of its use cases as a whole. This isn't any different from gold. Gold has use cases outside of just a store of value as he mentions. So bitcoin's value, as it continues to become adopted wider, will continue to see an increase in value accordingly. The market determines this, not formulas.


On what basis? I must have missed the basis underwhich he determined that bitcoin's value was mostly speculative. Failing to provide an argument that bitcoin's value is mostly speculative therefore fails to connect the reasons that bitcoin is comparable at all to the ways in which the tulip bubble formed. That means that this quote is ironically speculative itself!




The "network effect" that is mentioned that determines the value of bitcoin is called market value. A completely unmanipulated market decides the value of bitcoin at any given time. The larger this market becomes, the less volatile it will be and the more attention it deserves. The culmination of centuries of mathematical advances has provided humans the capability to design as system that allows humans to transfer value from one person to another anywhere in the world without depending upon trusting naturally untrustworthy humans. Ya...that's groundbreaking and it won't take long for a breakthrough like that to disrupt status quo in the finanicial world.




More speculation from a guy who argues against speculation. Why try to argue what percentage of gold holdings bitcoin will capture? The point is that it will and already has captured some of those holdings. Like I said, bitcoin's value isn't derived completely from any one given use case. I think it is humorous that the author is sitting there in an article trying to argue the fact that bitcoin's value is $0 all while stating that bitcoin can potentially capture some of gold's holdings and what value could be attributed to that. Like I said, bitcoin already has and will capture a percentage of gold's value. Therefore, the very title of the article that bitcoin's value will be $0 is patently false.


Why is this a zero sum game? In what world is an asset or currency either existing and displacing all other assets or currencies or it is worth nothing. This isn't Schrodinger's currency or the Lord of the Currencies. The truth is that somewhere between there will lie bitcoin, not consuming all gold in the world leaving poor humans to wither away, but slowing gaining market capitalization while other currencies and assets get devalued in comparison. As the author has demonstrated, people have differing opinions on what they value. The author is clearly biased against bitcoin and therefore doesn't value it. That doesn't and won't stop the rest of the world from seeing its value and thus gaining wealth from bitcoin's strengths and freedoms.
@_date: 2018-02-16 02:22:53
Thanks for the info. That's good to know. I was reading more on Edge/Airbitz architecture and it was more reassuring to what I originally imagined. It seems like a decent option for mass appeal.
@_date: 2018-02-16 00:43:57
I agree. I'd much rather prefer that the only way my bitcoin can be compromised is if my key/seed is stolen as opposed to introducing an additional security layer that would increase the potential attack surface.
@_date: 2017-10-16 12:55:24
Just because the currency is deflationary doesn't mean that suddenly people will stop spending it and the economy will collapse. Humans are inherently consumeristic and greedy. So it doesn't matter if the currency gradually increases in value, they'll still value goods and pleasures more than the currency itself. We see this every single day. People stand in long lines to purchase an incrementally better iPhone, even though if they waited a couple years, they could purchase that same phone at half the price. Sure, it wasn't the currency that increased in value, but rather the good that decreased in value, however it is the same economic principle where the consumer would rather have the value of the good now rather than later even if it costs them more to have it immediately.
Furthermore, if bitcoin reached mass adoption, the rate at which it deflates each year would be much smaller than today. We certainly wouldn't be seeing massive gains any more at that point. We'd likely only be seeing minimal 2-3 percent gains annually by that time. That means traditional investing in business would still be the better long term investment which means businesses still have inflows of money to be used for productivity improvements whichs helps the economy over time become more stable.
Also, people talking about Gresham's Law don't understand that it was primarily a law that applied to physical currencies made out of metals. When one currency was made out of a valuable metal and another was made out of a cheap metal, the cheap one was spent while the valuable metal currency was simply horded and melted down since the metal itself was valuable. Gresham's Law doesn't really apply in a world where currencies are digital. If one digital currency (fiat or crypto) is more valuable than the other, then all of the one currency will simply be exchanged for all of the other leaving the 1's and 0's of the less valuable currency to die off. So long as both can be spend equally as easily as a currency, then Gresham's Law doesn't apply.
@_date: 2018-04-19 14:59:06
You don't need to use on-chain transactions or only shop at merchants that accept bitcoin to spend bitcoin as a currency. For example, I'm using a bitcoin debit card. If you read it and you're still asking the question "Why should I sell my best performing asset, then I don't think you understood the point of the article.
@_date: 2018-04-19 15:28:20
Arguing that an available bitcoin debit is not available to you locallly is a valid argument. However, that is not the argument you're making when you say "Why should I sell my best performing asset?" Unless you never spend any money on anything (food, clothing, transportation, monthly expenses, etc), then that argument doesn't make sense. Everyone utilizes some sort of money for daily expenses to live, that doesn't mean that everyone is selling their investments to do so. Unless your savings rate is 100%, then your argument doesn't apply to the point the article was talking about.
@_date: 2018-04-19 13:32:28
Did you read the article? The article isn't talking about spending your investment money. It's talking about using bitcoin as your spending money. I've been doing this myself for the last year and it has been working out great. Like the article says, if you're buying bitcoin as an investment because you believe it will go up in the future, then using as spending money as well will allow you to save even more in your investments as your spending money gains too. I own more bitcoin now than I otherwise would have if I didn't do this. This article isn't referring to "spending and replacing". Its talking about spending as you normally would, but instead of using fiat, use bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-23 18:17:09
Yup, you're right. I should've mentioned that. Any transaction type that is larger than your typical 1 input &gt; 2 output skews the meaning of median and average fees. So that would also go for multi-sig transactions and things like that as well.
@_date: 2018-04-19 15:54:05
But, if you believe that bitcoin will go up, then using it as a daily currency means that your spending money will also go up in value. So if you spend $1000 each month, then that means you will experience gains on some of that $1000 during the course of that month in the event that bitcoin's value increases. If you hold yourself to only spending $1000, then the rest of those gains can go to further padding your investment. Again, arguing that you have no viable option to spend or utilize bitcoin is a medium of exchange is a valid argument. But, like I said, that's not what you argued when you posed the question "Why should I spend my best performing asset?"
@_date: 2018-04-23 17:58:14
There is a misconception about what the "median" or "average" fee actually means when it comes to what fee you should expect to pay when making a bitcoin transaction. Medians and averages are always skewed higher due to people who are overpaying for fees. What really should be understood is not what the median fee is on the network, but what is the lowest fee is that is accepted into a block? Anyone paying higher than the lowest fee is essentially over paying. At the moment, 1-2 sat/byte transactions are regularly accepted into blocks. This means that typical 1input&gt;2output transactions will cost you only 1 to 2 cents.
In otherwords, if you went up to a bank teller to make a transaction and the teller told you "You can make a transaction for only two cents, but on average most people choose to pay 50 cents." How much are you going to choose to pay for that transaction? I think the answer is pretty clear.
@_date: 2018-12-18 21:48:53
I think the main point is that Bitcoin is global. So even if one country banned it, it would require near global banning in order to be effective. If bitcoin has value ANYWHERE, bitcoin has value EVERYWHERE. Most people only transact with any given fiat currency in one given country, that doesn’t mean those currencies are worthless. So even if only one country values and utilizes bitcoin, it will thus have value and therefore, because of its global nature, it will have value everywhere. Liquidity will obviously vary from region to region and its use as a medium of exchange will vary from region to region as well. But bitcoin doesn’t require those things EVERYWHERE in order for it to have tremendous value.
This is even before you get into the fact, as others mentioned, that decentralized exchanging will be very prevalent in the near future that will make banning it in any given region extremely difficult due to the fact that it won’t even be known that such a transaction is taking place.