@_author: lift_heavy_things
@_date: 2014-07-21 00:16:20
Mostly that no one wants to manage a wallet themselves, which will have the wallet providers functioning as banks. Tons of other services that will spring up around bitcoin will also provide centralization.  It's just like the internet: sure it's "decentralized" but there are still a few key backbones and a few key regulating powers on it. 
@_date: 2014-07-21 02:22:15
No citation, there's obviously no way to know that.  The reason I think it will be true is:
* companies like Coinbase are making a lot of money
* the general way a capitalist economy functions in terms of specialization of labor, combined with the relative complexity of bit coin
* the fact that even if was entirely uncomplicated (like cash) there would still be banks, like there are with cash, because it's extremely risky to store a large amount of wealth in a harddrive in your basement
We're also seeing the death of independent mining (does *anyone* mine with their PC anymore? obviously not) and the birth of serious mining pools, ie: centralization from a different side of the industry.
Edit: formatting
@_date: 2014-07-21 12:22:14
You're missing that managing any kind of wallet is far too technical for the vast majority of the population.  This doesn't mean btc wont succeed, but only if it centralizes to the point where the services are easy to use.  My mother would never host her own website, but she has a facebook.  Know what I mean?
@_date: 2014-07-20 22:55:20


What you'll actually find is that it's a law enforcement officer's dream.  On a small level: yes, it requires no centralized point, and that's great if you want to transport value stores without regulation.  The problem is that centralization is required for general purpose use.  As soon as you have that, you have KYC laws coming into effect (check out the proposed BTC regulation in NY State from earlier this week).  KYC laws + public ledger = much much much better than gold for LEOs (edit: or cash, frankly).
There could potentially be some great things about bitcoin, but anonymity and the death of centralized banking is certainly not one of them.  There is exactly a zero percent chance that will happen.
@_date: 2014-07-21 00:17:45
Yes, but I think it's extremely unlikely that a) it will still be very easy when bitcoin has reached any level of significant traction, and b) even if it remains easy, most people will not do this which will give the authorities, among many other people, a fairly easy to follow trail.  Doesn't mean it's impossible to commit crimes, but it makes it far shittier to just be a regular person.