@_author: lightbrand
@_date: 2018-01-07 05:13:20
My point is never about making less overall.
That'd be like saying once you reach a threshold you get 100% of your income taxed, so you take home $0.  But before you reach that you only get taxed 99%.  That would have been a ridiculous system.
I'm talking about calculating the trade off between your "life force/time" vs the money you make minus the amount that will get taxed on a progressive manner.
Imagine your job is hurling 20 tons of brick every day for 1X amount of money, and in order for you to make more money, your boss agreed to pay you 2X if you move 40 tons a day.  That's fair right?  Yet for twice the amount of bricks you have to put on your back, you will still only be able to take home 1.85X due to tax.  Sure it's still more than 1X, you're "better off" with that extra money that you can spend on stuff you enjoy.
But keep in mind you exchanged for it with twice the work/strain on your body/limited amount of time in your life.  But hey if that's worth it for you (sometimes it's out of necessity) then you won't see me fighting you over what you want to do with your life/time.  
But of course in my example, it could very well be that your equivalent job only have to move 21 tons a day and make 1.75X money.  Depends on the job/promotion so people can make their own calculation whether it's worth it or not.  
@_date: 2018-01-07 02:52:35
Let me explain the logic to you then.
It's like you betting on a coinflip with me for 10 dollars.  But you only get 5 dollars if you win.  The other 5 gets taxed.
So you stand to lose 10 but at best only win half because of tax.  Is that still a bet you're willing to go through?  Better think twice.
Now if you rigged the coin and you know you'll win no matter what, then of course it doesn't matter what tax there is as long as it's not 100% you'll go all in.  But can you really say that about crypto?
You're risking every dollar you put into it.  Nobody reimburse you when your investment fails.  But on the off chance your hard work do suceed.  Now they come in and you don't get to keep 100% of your wins either.
Thats what people meant when they say yeah they can work harder to get that promotion only to move up in the tax bracket to be rewarded with a bigger portions of your earning being taken.  If you think of "working" as exchange your "life force" and "time" for money then why wouldn't you consider whether it's worth it or not.  They can tax your money they can't tax your time or life if you don't spend them in exchange for money.
@_date: 2018-01-07 05:06:29
Do you take into consideration what you have to do in order to move up?
If you still do the same thing you do right now, with nothing changed, but you get to earn more but gets taxed more.  Of course you'd take it.
But say if you have to move 20 tons of brick every day for 1X amount of money, and in order for you to make more money, you have to move 40 tons.  Okay, for 40 tons you'd want to make 2X your money right?  Nope, you make 1.75X.  Sure it's still more than 1X, you're "better off" with that extra money that you can spend on stuff you enjoy.
But in exchanged for it, you had to do twice the work.  But hey if that's worth it for you (sometimes it's out of necessity) then you won't see me fighting you over what you want to do with your life/time.  
But of course in my example, it could very well be that you only have to move 21 tons a day of bricks and make 1.75X money.  That sounds great!