@_author: light_rapid
@_date: 2014-04-21 19:10:12
I like your point but as many others have mentioned, Bluetooth is prone to vulnerabilities. And with a QR Code, it is simple in and of itself. You can take out your phone and scan it for anything, wanna make a donation? Just take a picture and send it! 
Remember that kid that held up the sign about sending bitcoin from mom during a college game? That worked easily and simply! He got over 22k worth in bitcoins and we can easily send money to other areas around the world that instead of having to deal with a convoluted system. Instead of having to develop a whole Point of Sale system (or something else similar) to integrate Bluetooth, you can use an easily available QR code generator to create a code and receive and send money.
@_date: 2014-10-16 03:32:38
I agree that we do not have proof because it's still relatively early and we have yet to see what cards Lawsky and others regulators will attempt to play. 
But going into traditional financial things like, retirement accounts, savings accounts, money market, checking accounts, or anything that involves yours or someone's money, that is regulated to a degree to prevent accidents or mishaps from happening to the money. Most people are used to their money being safe in a trusted institution because they know that it won't be lost or stolen. If the Bitcoin community can solve these issues without regulation being put in place, then all the better for us users.
At the moment however, for the cryptocoin communities, we have people losing their private keys, getting duped with companies that promise one thing and don't deliver, using suspicious wallet software, and all kinds of growing pains. Not to say that doesn't happen with regular financial accounts but it seems much more prevalent here because we don't have a "standard." (if we should even set one?) For it to hit the mainstream, there needs to be a better way for the flow of Bitcoin to go from place to place, and, for sure, we're seeing that innovation happen now with Bitcoin startups.
@_date: 2014-04-11 21:23:06
I like E-Sports. It's a good way to keep the various games like Starcraft, Dota2, League of Legends and many other burgeoning games and teams alive. It's a growing industry all around the world now, and only more people will start to like it just like physical sports. Having more avenues of publicity doesn't hurt!
@_date: 2014-10-15 21:35:21
Lawsky also said:


All the good and bad regulations that people and companies have to jump through are there to protect the consumer. You definitely don't want to risk losing your money due to error on the part of the bank. 
But with the way that we're innovating now, finding a way to make a "bank run out of a garage" accessible to everyday users and keeping it safe will definitely be a boon for the future of bitcoin and crypto!
@_date: 2013-12-03 21:43:39


You mean four technically. (If you include Bayside.)
It would be awesome if they were able to integrate Bitcoins there too! I would have no problem using Bitcoins to purchase from them as a change from using fiat. Their food is usually tasty!
@_date: 2013-12-11 07:39:49
I disagree with you. From my schools, I've learned to do all the basics and work off of everything from there. In certain classes you can be creative, in other ones, there are set "answers" that cannot usually be disputed.   
In my experience, I've enjoyed my time in school (even if I was awkward as hell sometimes) because it's helped me meet people, learn new things, and develop myself and my creativity on a better scale than most who have not gained any form of intelligence or teaching at all. 
In this case, we have a teacher who is clearly incompetent and not encouraging or curious of a radical new idea. Teachers themselves are working to teach and improve the lives of students who come to school, whether they like it or not. They are only human and they are the ones who can change lives for the better and a few rotten ones shouldn't be used to judge the entire school system.
@_date: 2013-12-16 23:05:36
Could this be the very reason why my transactions were always canceled from Coinbase? Does anyone know if Ally bank is friendly towards Bitcoin transactions? 
@_date: 2013-11-14 22:14:29
I've had many problems with Coinbase the past 4 months. Have been trying to purchase Bitcoins but my transactions were always canceled because they were considered high risk. Yet I only made orders for less than 1 BTC. I'm fully verified for Level 1 but I just can't seem to get Level 2 no matter what. Just yesterday and the day before that as well. I'm very displeased right now.