@_author: lights_the_dust
@_date: 2014-12-30 03:51:59
lol 'real' = fiat money. if bitcoin has taught us anything its the lesson that money is what we make it. fiat is in decline as a representation of an acceptable value measure.
@_date: 2014-12-30 06:27:24
my point was awareness of the non-absoluteness and negotiated truth of any currency. you laugh at the rise and rise of btc, and i laugh at the rise and rise of usd. we will see which trend outlasts which.
why is it you think an authority that can print money out of thin air is more rational/safe in the long run than the useful option bitcoin provides?
business will trade in whatever benefits them the most, for now btc gets converted to fiat... but it will eventually change.
@_date: 2015-01-14 06:48:54
quite naive you are. corruption is a big thing. hate to say it but the rules arent standard or fair, its a big uneven world of competition.
@_date: 2015-01-14 18:33:36
that was my first statement... 
look I manage a company in SEA and deal mainly with Taiwan and China. Corruption is a fact of life over here, and the western model doesnt do a very good job accounting for it. Its ugly but its something that has to be dealt with. Free utilities is barely considered corruption juxtaposed against the massive systemic corruption.
@_date: 2015-03-19 20:24:34
thailands grassroots entrepreneurship is amazing. i bought my first bitcoins from bahtcoin.com in 2011 took 30min via bank transfer, easy as can be. coins.co.th is a next gen dealer and rolling out ease of use improvements consistently, they let you cash out at a 7-11!
edit: not a shill post either. my experience with bitcoin in SEA compared to n.america is nearly oppositional
@_date: 2015-02-05 22:44:00
well im not sure if the linear aspects of such information movement is an apt comparison to the water in the ocean. Once a drop enters the ocean it is indistinguishable from other drops... very unlike bitcoin which retains an inherent uniqueness for the entirety of its existence. 
Im sure that we will see cases more and more where XBT is traced back to real-life activities. Its unavoidable and not necessarily a negative. 
edit: forgot my point, that the free currency narrative is fallacious, useful rhetoric only. we shouldnt delude ourselves.
@_date: 2015-02-05 21:53:50


While its an interesting reference, its not especially pertinent to either or our points. The difference between this case of freedom is the very issue of the blockchain and the resulting inescapable transparency, the libertarian ideology seems to have a mental block when it comes to acknowledging that each transaction is traceable,  which is the opposite of many concepts of freedom. The reason it isnt a major detracting factor is because transparency levels the playing field and thats good enough.
The real danger is if only the NSA has the computational power to dissect the complexity of the scaled transaction volume should XBT become a major world currency and that would essentially make the NSAthe worlds newest central bank/currency controller.
XBT has many unique qualities and solves some old challenges but certainly provides new ones and it doesnt solve the integral issue of human nature... just gives it a new technical dimension
 
@_date: 2015-02-05 23:19:59
im not familiar with the technical side that well, are you saying that mixers reduce and re-combine the information which makes up a bitcoin or each bitcoin has no unique identification? Or are you just looking at it from a probability/volume perception?
 
@_date: 2015-02-06 00:25:00
ah thanks. in that case much of what I said is inaccurate, my apologies. In that case I cant see how tainted coins could be used against an individual at even an 80% probability, legally or otherwise. Thats nice to know. 
@_date: 2015-02-05 17:12:13
i like your analogy but by which aspect makes it impossible to go back other than the tediousness, which is quite arbitrary manually but barely a consideration if automated or aided by search/trace algos. Relying on the randomness of mixers is probably not as secure as portrayed, true randomness is not possible. As I see it those who want anonymity are relying on limited obfuscation at best and face illusory imperatives at worst.
I thought the only true benefit or difference of bitcoin is that its transparent not anonymous. 
The transparency is also a double edge sword, but its better then the hidden wealth and backroom dealings that current powers rely upon. 
I think those that trust and rely upon bitcoins anonymity will soon have to recognize the potentiality that it was just rhetoric useful for convincing libertarians to adopt the currency.