@_author: lightwithin87
@_date: 2017-12-16 19:36:49
I think opendimes are just the little hardware/disposable wallets available right now.   
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:37:38
  I went there to do it
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:47:35
So my question is, what if all the people that contribute to writing this code and legislation and legal fiction, end up going to prison, or they resign under dishonorable circumstances, or are charged with some type of heinous crime or just so much white collar crime that there words hold no trust or honor?  What if all the people maliciously pushing it suddenly dissolve away? Are they even doing it in opposition to BTC?  I know what's going on, and I feel most of us do know what's up because we're here for Bitcoin, were not really here to talk about the geopolitics of the world stage of fantasy land, because who really knows how much of a fight they're willing to put up before they either give up or do something they can't undo....who even really knows what they're capable of, most of it could just be b.s. that they have supported with movies and propaganda instilling fear about nonsense in the first place. I think most of you would know the "they" I refer to, there is many levels of "them" and there may be levels close to the top that we just don't see, maybe never will.  Who cares at this point in time, we'll cross that bridge when we get there.  Sorry, I derailed somewhere, I just want to know what happens if the creators of the laws are fired or quit before the law passes, what happens then, what if there just isn't anyone left to vote? For either side? I feel like it dies with their tarnished name? I believe it would be the right thing to do.  And then hold off on the laws until we know the truth about the new politicians BEFORE they get voted in, or even nominated in primary's, there will be a lot of seats to fill I think.  I believe in crypto-currency, bitcoin, all of it, I do so passionately because I know that most of us are the ones who will do the right thing (modern day Robin hoods)with the truckloads of money we are gonna make in the next 5 years while they are still sorting out their political family feud.  Be the change you wish to see, I live by that belief, and it rewards me on an hourly basis, be the kick for the people still in Dreamland, everyone needs a kick, kind of like inception, maybe not, the kick i got woke my ass up! Now I just have the ability to kick back.
@_date: 2017-12-08 21:47:47
The only people who use crypto for money laundering are people who are desperate to have dollars, they don't believe in Bitcoin and they are still dumb enough to believe in the fiat dollar and it's actual value.  Soon BTC (the closest thing to CURRENCY we've had in  hundreds of years) will be accepted everywhere right alongside dollars or MONEY, so you never have to turn it into cash or U.S.D. so they won't be taxing anything but normal sales taxes. And that amount is state by state.  The money launderers do have something to hide, and they didn't realize Bitcoin isn't totally anonymous.  But only wallets that do shady shit even get considered for investigation.  There is just way too much transaction volume for them to even keep up with let alone go back and audit the past, the IRS just does not have the manpower to enforce it, at least at this point in time..
@_date: 2017-12-08 21:29:12
They been knowin' me for a while now, they know who the real threats are, and it ain't me. All I can do is hope anyway, and being silenced by fear is no way to live, I'll just live and take my chances 
@_date: 2017-12-08 22:23:34
Sorry, I can be a bit too literal and analytical at times, and actually, today on Fox news I at around the 3pm hour they did about a 4-5 min segment about bitcoin, and they didn't say a single bad word about it until the very last sentence kinda like a "this is not Financial advise" disclaimer, and she only said that "in the past Bitcoin had been used by criminals for washing money", but not a lot of supporting evidence to show proof of it being used in that way by more than a very small percentage of transactions. 
@_date: 2018-05-05 17:18:40
I thought they were only 4th dimensional?
@_date: 2018-05-04 19:09:51
Dead on, it a controlled bottleneck, through media, exchanges closing registration, f.u.d. put out by manipulators, and people with massive amounts of btc using their clout in the market to suppress the price until the time is right for THEM. . .
@_date: 2018-05-05 19:18:38
Still just 3D as far as I know.
@_date: 2018-04-24 20:01:37
Factor in hyper-inflation of the dollar, meaning it will take more dollars to buy the same Bitcoin, it doesn't necessarily mean Bitcoin will be more valuable on it's own, it just means it will take a million worthless hyper inflated dollars to buy one Bitcoin.  Although when the dollar hyper-inflates, the value of Bitcoin will increase due to the loss of belief/trust in dollars and increased belief/trust in Bitcoin/crypto-currency causing a compounding effect on the number of dollars it takes to buy a single Bitcoin...