@_author: liguinipenguini
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:44:44
Bitcoin Bear here. I’ve noticed that word “bubble” thrown around a lot, and I’ll even admit to using it myself. The fact of the matter is market bubbles don’t give a rats ass if the underlying asset has any value. Have there been bubbles around assets with little to no value? Sure. You know Tulip Mania, everyone’s favorite 17th century asset bubble. Tulip mania is a standard knee-jerk reaction for economically illiterate folks who boast about bitcoin (or houses in 2006, or Pets.com) having “real economic value.” There was economic value in pets.com. It’s not like it’s totally infeasible to by cat litter off the internet. 
When bitcoin reaches it’s price zenith there will be people on the news and people on forums and reddit who have either very high risk tolerances, blind faith, total incomprehension, or all three saying that it is in a correction, and BTC will surge again once investor confidence is increased. Some of these people will be hedge fund managers, investment bankers, teachers, computer engineers, grandmas, fast food managers, etc. These people will be wrong. 
A lot of people on this very sub treat bitcoin like toilet paper before a hurricane, and they neglect the fact that at a certain price point people will just wipe their ass with their hands. When Bitcoin gets so expensive that investors can’t feasibly expect a return appropriate to the asset’s underlying risk, they will invest in literally anything else. When they invest elsewhere, those holding bitcoin will have to accept less money to sell off their bitcoin. People will sell off their bitcoin at some point. A security (or an asset pretending to be a security, like BTC) is worthless if you never sell it. Investors will not use bitcoin to buy Starbucks. Most will only ever keep it until they cash out. They will only cash out when they perceive they have reached the maximum return they can. They will cash out when the price starts dropping. This will make the price drop further. This will make more people sell off their positions. 
Saying “Bitcoins is tulips” is incredibly incorrect, but that does not make bitcoin more valuable. They were literally handing out loans for million dollar homes to entry level engineers in the early 2000’s. Some people are buying bitcoin leveraged nearly 100%. Educate yourself and use caution. The fact that this sub has blown up in the past few months is clear cut mania. If you don’t know what mania is, prepare for some losses. Exercise some goddamn responsibility, set aside your ego and maybe admit to yourself that you can’t really explain why Bitcoin is so expensive. But what the hell, people believe what they want to believe and it’s not like the church ever sold indulgences. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 21:11:32
Wall of text incoming. 
I’m not going as far as saying the next correction will be the last. I absolutely agree that further corrections are possible and for all we know bitcoin can continue rising or even plateau over the next few years. However, every bubble, whether it is houses, beanie babies, tech startups, or tulips, follows a pretty strict pattern of stages. The first stage is early investors. These are the sort of older generation of bitcoin investors that got in at prices from 5 years ago or earlier. The next stage is when institutional investors get in. These are banks and funds. Remember when J.P. Morgan Chase had that Bitcoin fiasco? Remember when news broke that Wall Street analysts and investment bankers started opting out of stock options in favor of bitcoin securities? That’s the institutional stage of a bubble. 
I firmly believe, are in the last stage of a bubble, the Public investiture stage, or, Mania. Mania is when you get emails about how you should invest, right now! Or when CNBC begins to keep bitcoin in it’s news cycle. Or when people staunchly defend their positions and loom upon others as pessimists. Mania is when people who have never invested anything in their lives seem to be in furor about getting in on this opportunity before it is too late. 
Is Mania bad? Yes and no. A portion of investors will make a lot of money. They will sell of before a crash. Other investors will hold on and settle for lesser prices and sell off during the crash. They will still make a lot of money. The rest will hold on through the crash and take huge losses. The problem is that most financial securities, bitcoin included, are traded in volumes absolutely inaccessible to the consumer level investors. For every one bitcoin you or your mother can trade, a bank can trade 1,000. If they don’t trade bitcoins directly they trade bitcoin derivatives. 
The other thing working against consumer level investors is something in Finance called the efficient market theory. The theory goes that a bank like Bank of America has a lot of capital. More than any human alive. Bank of America uses some of that capital to pay analysts a lot of money, more than most humans  make in their life. Those analysts only get paid if they routinely create accurate information. This takes teams of people. A large bank has buildings full of people doing the math to find out what is a fair price for any security ever. They can do this very fast.  If they don’t have time to evaluate a security it’s  no problem, they buy information they need from companies like Bloomberg, or other banks like BMO Harris or Deutsche or UBS or Credit Suisse. Each of those companies have buildings and buildings full of analysts. This is called an efficient market. A large pool of academics believe the U.S financial market is an efficient market.
Why does this market work against consumer level investors? Because the banks will find out before you. To identify a bubble the weeks before it bursts takes years of backlogged data. It takes 100’s if not 1,000’s of analysts. They are driving BMWs. They do this 50, 60, 70, sometimes 80, or even 100 hours a week, each. While they are routing out the next bubble consumer level investors are dropping off their kids at school, designing bridges, getting haircuts, cleaning their shower. When the bubble bursts the banks will know very quickly, and they will seize the opportunity for arbitrage, meaning they bet against the bubble and can make even more money. 
Because the bank will sell off or even bet against millions or billions of dollars of bitcoin, the person who has a meager $150k is exposed to incredible risk. By the time all of this information gets to you, the consumer, you will have probably suffered losses. The crux of the issue is that the banks will trade on hard numbers that take thousands of people with a lot of education to calculate. The bank will trade on knowledge that the bubble is in fact bursting, and will even prick the bubble if they stand to make money. A consumer will hold on to their position despite growing losses on pure faith that this bursting is actually a correction, and the more faith a consumer has the more they stand to lose. 
A bubble bursting will look a lot like a correction, and thats the problem. Every security everywhere experiences corrections, even ones bubbling up. Even stock in Sears has corrections. My suggestion would be to be very wary of corrections and be ready to divest in the middle of the night if you have to. The further you wade into the collapse the harder it is to sell a security through an exchange. Once CNN says the bubble is collapsing tighten you butthole and prepare for losses. 
Source: University educated in financial analysis, background in financial modeling, financial economics, and financial institutions. 