@_author: liliaceae08
@_date: 2012-11-20 14:39:38
Good points! However, I use VirWox without a verified Secondlife account, a fact which is also confirmed in the [Bitcoin Wiki]( Before utilizing VirWox's exchange services, I too thought that I would need a verified SL account, simply because VirWox caters to SLL buyers, but I hoped I could find a way around this requirement--I mean, I'm looking to purchase illicit substances online, not to create and live vicariously through an online avatar.  Anyway, yes, the fees are quite steep, but I suppose it's the price you pay for convenience--and for my monthly Silk Road purchase, I don't mind paying said fees.  Also, I forgot to add that VirWox has a cap on the amount of money you can deposit via credit or debit card in a 24 hour period, a cap which rises in small increments as you build a good rapport with the site.  Currently, I can only deposit $78.00 per day via credit card.  Other means of depositing money have higher caps in place--for instance, if you purchase a [Paysafecard]( the cap on the amount of money you can deposit via this method is $200.00 (I believe).
@_date: 2012-11-20 00:03:30
I'd like to note something about Virwox.  Yes, one can successfully deposit USD with a Visa Card to exchange for SLL and to subsequently exchange for BTC.  This process is quite convenient when your in a pinch or short a few coins, but it's a lengthy (1-2 day) process until you build a positive reputation on Virwox.  My first handful of transactions through Virwox took one or two days (usually the latter) to process; the currency exchange is instantaneous, but when you attempt to withdraw your newly purchased Bitcoin to your Silk Road wallet, the site displays a message stating that a manual step is required--in other words, a Virwox staff member must "check" your transaction before it can be successfully withdrawn to your Silk Road or other BTC wallet.  However, once you've completed several successful Virwox transactions without incident, these holds are lifted, and you may then withdraw Bitcoins to your wallet in the mere one to two hours (usually the former) that it takes the Bitcoin network to process the request.  I was unaware of the 1-2 day hold, which proved inconvenient when I wanted to time a purchase, so that it would arrive on time for an important date.  I just wanted to make others aware so they can decide whether Virwox meets their needs; it's a wonderful and invaluable service, but these holds are not well-advertised.