@_author: lilkingmillionaire
@_date: 2014-01-10 22:34:55
It is not a penny stock pump post....I do not hold any shares in it. Obviously you do not understand this type of security. If you did, the interest in how it will benefit the Bitcoin community in the future, for the value of the coin itself would not be beyond you. Do not invest in the stock market side....I was just indicating that other investment communities are being drawn into the world of bitcoin through this specific avenue. 
@_date: 2014-01-10 22:45:01
My estate is particularly extensive, and the police were not fools ;) Bitcoin is a plaything for me....not a dependency. My money was made a long time ago with many other business ventures and investments. My specific security is not flawless....nothing is, even bitcoin. But I have a very expensive, very extensive system that is proven to be secure, as a much longer and frustrating deterrent to thieves, if nothing else. That is all I was saying. And Biometrics of all kinds play into that. If you have had personal issues with your Biometrics, please feel free to let me know which companies, so I may avoid them. My company's name is "SAFE"....look them up, study, find out something that I do not know. 
@_date: 2014-01-11 19:14:30
Lol ok whatever....have a great day :) 
@_date: 2014-01-10 18:32:08
I hear what you are saying, and completely agree. 
On the other side, I have personally been utilizing Biometric gear for personal security for quite some time now. Ranging from gun storage, higher level encryption safes, Biometric index finger reader for my computers, as well as hand scanners for home access, etc. 
On two occasions I have had "break-ins" that would have resulted in total loss, and the only attributable strength (according to police) was in the form of this type of security. 
I understand the invasiveness though. It may not be for everyone, ;)
@_date: 2014-01-11 03:46:44
I understand what you are saying. The company that I mentioned is introducing a biometric fingerprint scanner integrated into their Bitcoin personalized debit/credit cards. these people are leading edge on their specific design for Bitcoin debit cards. 
I understand that if you are a knowledgable criminal with direct intent and desire to bypass the Biometric security.....you can....it is possible. But also, if you were a knowledgable criminal with direct intent and desire to steal someone's regular debit and credit card and use it to your advantage.....you can....it is very posssible. 
This additional Biometric security is added into a Bitcoin specific credit card/debit card to make it harder to lose your coins / money. It was never intended to be seen as the safest possible choice. Just another security benefit.
@_date: 2014-01-10 18:22:04
The Stock Market World is beginning to take notice, while gaining traction and advantage from the waves that Bitcoin has been producing. The company, SmartMetric (Ticker: SMME), jumped in price from around $0.16 to $0.19 a share today with this news.  This company is developing a product that will become the future in Bitcoin transactions, on a "personal pay" level. It also provides a security feature that other currencies would envy.
@_date: 2014-01-11 03:57:02
I DID register just to post this. My coworker, who I led to Bitcoins, like the many other friends of mine, told me that this was something that might interest the people of Reddit. She frequents "Bitcoin Reddit", and told me that peolpe would be excited to hear about other worldwide developments that are promoting Bitcoin, and increasing its popularity. I just thought it sounded like a great find to share. 
I had always considered signing up, so I thought it was great timing. Obviously, this is not as great a site as I thought it was. 