@_author: lillymuse
@_date: 2013-09-29 23:49:40
Thank you! I am hearing conflicting things regarding iPhone, but I will look further into that.
I am also aware of the challenge in converting BTC to $, which subjects you to taxes and all that jazz. I am supportive of just leaving the coins where they are and both using them to buy other bitstuff and/or holding them as a potential investment (accounting for the rise and fall of the market). At this point I don't imagine any worker would have the confidence to accept BTC exclusively (maybe in the major coin-friendly cities, who also have USD-generating day jobs), but my perception is that any of us who are even interested in it at all probably have some wiggle room to experiment. 
@_date: 2013-09-29 04:50:13
That's what I was thinking as well. How does an automatic price adjustment work?
@_date: 2013-09-29 23:59:56
Why is that?
@_date: 2013-09-29 23:40:27
Hold on, guys, it's getting a little dramatic here. Actually, the figures on true sex trafficking--what we think of as sex slavery--are incredibly skewed due to the fact that law enforcement routinely lumps consensual sex work into their "human trafficking" data. The statistics are rife with sloppy, unjust misinterpretations; it has to be recognized that the majority of sex workers around the world are not directly and/or violently coerced. I believe sex trafficking does exist, but that kind of nightmarish enslavement we envision is not nearly so rampant as we're made to believe. The entire anti-trafficking campaign weakens itself by equating trafficked persons with consensual workers, a dangerous waste of time and resources which continually terrorizes people like independent working mothers while distracting from the headache that is real crime. 
I am an escort, and I chose this job out of probably 10% economic pressure and 90% legitimate interest when I could have pursued something else. But I continue to choose it over and over again because it provides everything I need, most things I want, and I'm good at it. I enjoy it. I am the furthest thing from trafficked. I am aware that I am in a fairly privileged position in that, but I intentionally made choices that amplified that position, and I fully and unapologetically appreciate it. I want to help others find that kind of confidence and safety.
Whatever the decriminalization and/or legalization process, we the workers must have the power and the support. Worker-run establishments are essential to keeping things on the up-and-up and out of the hands of violent pimps and criminals. Imagine if a young woman from the streets had the choice of working in a legal, supportive environment rather than cower to some slimy pimp?
I too see profound issues with the legal brothel system (in Nevada at least), but oh my stars would that change if more of us were allowed the opportunity to do so.
Now, onto Bitcoin!  
 
@_date: 2013-09-29 23:52:02
What is considered a "small transaction"?
@_date: 2013-09-29 23:58:12
I don't necessarily agree that paying with Bitcoin will or should replace the basic client information. This is mainly a personal safety precaution and I think has less to do with getting ripped off for the money, which for most escorts is handled up front anyway. 
@_date: 2013-09-29 23:51:27
Oh I like that idea! BitTip! Definitely more appropriate for legal establishments, like clubs and parlors. 