@_author: lilpotatoe
@_date: 2016-01-04 21:14:23
Appreciated greatly! And not just for the small donation, but also for telling me what to do in the future. Like I said, I'm planning to power everything the rig needs with simply the power of the sun, or at least most of it so I would be paying a fraction of the cost for someone who would just have the rig plugged into their wall and sitting there. But is mining still worth all the commitment? From what I've seen, it seems to be only be increasingly worthless by the second. 
@_date: 2016-01-25 02:49:58
Definitely. I was first confused on what you mean by investment (I thought you meant to invest into a wallet on the stock market, which is also ok and is seemingly being profitable) but I got you know. Here's what I got to say: 
* Don't over do it. You don't need to be super-generous in the investments. The last thing you need is for you to drain $1,000 monthly for the price to crash down once again. Like you said, you want to keep it small. I'd say around $5-$20 monthly would do the trick. Just keep in mind to stick to that agenda. 
* I'd suggest bimonthly, at the most, you transfer half your wallet's balance into a hard storage, such as Bitcoin Core, or a virtual vault found in sophisticated wallets like Coinbase. This way, you can still have a considerable amount of money to use in your wallet, all ready to go, but have most of your money locked up and protected(ish). 
* If you can, one of the best ways you can invest into Bitcoins is by becoming a miner. While being a miner might be one of the most complicated things about Bitcoins, if you are willing to sacrifice some time and resource, mining will become an efficient yet enjoyable investment you seem to desire.
Other than that I wish you well in whatever you plan to do. Bitcoins is always fun to have around. 
@_date: 2016-01-06 01:28:41
Not only is this old news, being a native to Puerto Rico... And the front page, but I don't understand how this could relate to BTC. 
@_date: 2016-01-06 13:47:19
Well, no shit. Puerto Rico has liquidated nearly everything they can to make the most revenue they can. They're on the verge of selling their airports which is one of the most profitable things they have. 
@_date: 2016-01-20 15:03:38
Like I said, the false illusion of increased security or convenience.
@_date: 2016-01-24 01:10:35
"The businessmen, the analysts, the investors, even our own developers take your hard-earned Bitcoins and sells them! For what? What do you get? They hold hundreds of Bitcoins while we settle for a sliver of one? It is time for the miners of Bitcoins to unite and conquer the true enemy, the general economy!"
@_date: 2016-01-06 00:32:11
A bit impractical, as all you really need is to mix them and buy different currencies. Preferably so so you can spend them in different countries for whatever malicious/convenient reasons it may be. 
@_date: 2016-01-19 14:57:58
So one of the influential devs leave. Obviously, through frustration. Too many people have too many stances on the future of Bitcoins, so he left. It's understandable, but it's not like the end of the world. People were scared when George Washington left office, thinking it would leave the almost experimental nation to rot, but someone took his place and prospered into a great nation today. So, the man left, but someone will take his place and will continue to work on this mess we a know and love. 
@_date: 2016-01-25 02:41:18
I'm pretty sure just letting Bitcoin Core running in the background is a full node that costs $0 marginally. No need for this. 
@_date: 2016-01-27 03:18:02
Allow me to finally whip out, or more break down, Bitcoins to it's most fundamental: Basically, you are torrenting money. Now, allow me to define torrenting. Like Bitcoins, and all cryptocurrencies, torrenting is P2P, meaning instead of uploading your content to a third-party boogeyman who is entitled to censoring or profiting or doing whatever to what you upload, you can directly give someone your files. Just you and the person. And what happens is that the person who downloads it gets just a teeny bit of the file passively stored on their torrenting software, similarly as the blockchain to your wallet, that, in theory, increase the efficiency and "download speed" of future participants. The efficiency, in Bitcoin's case, is the security and the transparency of the blockchain. If I'm not mistaken, there are certain services which will only include the most recent chunks of the blockchain for your sake, but your transactions will still be stored on your wallet.
tl;dr Just making a basic transaction with BTC contributes greatly to the security and transparency which Bitcoins is all about, no matter how inefficient that may be. 
@_date: 2016-01-06 01:40:01
You are confused. Puerto Rico is an American territory, not a state. Basically, how this works is that the American government's ideology on politics and economy is implemented in the island, by providing the government with the Constitution and the economy using USD, but relations end there. It's worth emphasizing that though most Puerto Ricans live a life pretty similar to that of an American's, they are not a state. Thus they aren't part of the embodiment that makes America. What does this mean? 
Practically, it meant that the USA wasn't entitled to bail them out. In the eyes of the law, it would have been like bailing out a foreign country, which it just doesn't work that way. Trust me, many polls have been held in PR and the USA wondering if PR wants to be a state, and Congress doesn't have much interest with PR as a state and PR herself is almost always split 50/50. It wasn't uncommon for perfect 50/50s to happen. Second, it probably will have SOME complications, as indeed some American creditors, corporations and stockholders were found in Puerto Rico (Which have been bankrupt, abandoned or sold before and now especially after the default) but most of the profiteers were either owned by the Puerto Rico's government or by entrepreneurs in PR. Puerto Rico is on the verge of mass bankruptcy by local businesses and ultimately unemployment. Already, many Puerto Ricans have came to the mainland in hope for a better life. At least until the situation improves. Some Puerto Ricans are still surviving quite comfortably. 
@_date: 2016-01-06 00:30:27
Am I the only one impressed OP is actually reading a book? Having seen anyone those since I spoke to George Washington. 
@_date: 2015-10-23 14:07:50
Well, this is something legitimately set up for $11 mil. It's not about how valuable it is, it's about the most *expensive* thing you can buy. This probably doesn't make sense, but this is more expensive because you need to buy it for $11 million instead of the $7 million for Tim Draper's worth, which is more valuable, but not officially more expensive than this yacht. 
@_date: 2015-10-12 02:36:55
It's just a difficult concept for people to understand. Most people get lost at the fact that Bitcoin is not "free money", and learning how to get Bitcoins and transfer them P2P just discourages them from participating in Bitcoins. 