@_author: lilweekend
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:29:33
Those sheeps would be awesome competition. They'd follow into every dip, leaving us to buy the tiny profit margins we need to make a steady profit.
@_date: 2017-12-12 02:33:44


If you've got time, try day-trading. Yeah, I know day-trading seems like a lottery. It even feels like. But trading crypto-currencies isn't like stocks - we don't have to compete with the wall street bots *yet*. 
Another difference to regular trading is that crypto-currencies themselves have a good perspective. If you miss an exit to a trade, wait a day and with a bit of luck, your bitcoins will be worth even more just a day later (you might miss to buy low and sell high but at least you're not making a loss).
I wouldn't advise day-trading to anyone since the cost of the investment to learn it is intense and sometimes, the benefits just never come because after all, you need an investment to trade with. But it's slightly different with bitcoins - I've tried different marketplaces and some attract newbies. Some even advertise with a "you can get rich quickly" type of ad strategy. These are great because most of your competitors will give up after one or two unsuccessful trades.
And while the get-rich-quickly thing is bullshit, you definitely can make a safe 5-10% return every day. And if you're good at splitting your investment throughout different currencies, you might even make that safe 5-10% in addition to the overall bitcoin gains.
Just look for an exchange with a lot of newbies on it, always make sure they support Euro as well as USD (since they often imitate each other and can help you predict your competition) and then wait for a good point to start. Try to spot general trends and, most important, don't panic - sometimes you'll loose 20% within a second but if you sell, you often miss out even higher profits. To play a bit safer, split your investments and only follow a few well-selected trades at a time. Better safe than sorry. And don't forget - this game will only work as long as it's us playing against newbies. As soon as the pros step in with their algorithms, I don't think daytrading cryptos will be lucrative anymore if you're not specialized.
P.S.: Oh, and don't forget that bitcoins aren't a safe income strategy so your main motivation for the bitcoin day-trading should be fun - and believe me, once you make your first good trade, it's more addicting than gambling. ;)
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:49:40
If they manage to find a unifying solution to the high fees. If btc user bases keep discussing the matter a few more years, bitcoin might become obsolete due to not being usable for many people.
Bitcoin might crash at some point, there are many reasons that could cause a crash. We shouldn't feel too save about bitcoin. I agree that the block chain will dominate banking and many other aspects in the future, but the game for the most used crypto currency has just started with the first countries starting to invest in and develop blockchain based currencies.
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:58:08
No. Think of many people saying "I will sell my bitcoins as soon as the price hits 18k". As an automated order. Most of them weren't watching I guess.
Once the market value of the btc reaches 18k, within a millisecond thousands of new sell-orders appear. This causes two things - the btc loses value because more people are now selling than buying, and many sellers will decide to sell as well because they fear that the btc value will now drop so low that they make a loss. The btc crashes into the ground but soon gains value again (almost just as fast) from all the people who kinda know what happened and who now know that their chance to make a quick profit is high because the btc is only low because a temporary market reaction.
@_date: 2017-12-12 03:13:24
That's right. But they don't directly follow the btc. For example, if the btc drops after a long run, you can often profit by betting on a rising ltc on some exchanges because many people will sell their btc for ltc in panic. There are many other indicators that might work on some exchanges.
edit: sorry, I didn't see the context of your reply and thought it was related to day trading.
Yeah, crypto are linked, but I'm confident that the underlying blockchain technology is groundbreaking and will be a massive success as well as a change to our everyday lives. I'd invest into cryptos with the same belief it'd take me to invest into a startup. Any high risk investment has the chance to fail so I chose one that I understand the potential of. 
The cryptos I buy now might be worthless at some day, but I believe that by actively investing into cryptos I understand, I have better chances than with high risk investments that I cannot directly relate to.
Another thing you could look into are ICOs. They're comparable to crowd-funded startups, but you can become a shareholder of a share no matter which size. They allow to diversify your portfolio and aren't necessarily linked to the value of bitcoins, but to the speculative value (and sometimes revenue as well) of startups.
@_date: 2017-12-12 04:28:20
yeah, but what volume are these humans trading? All major investment funds have upgraded their systems to stay competitive. Top traders are fine-tuning the trading bots. Machines can calculate thousands of different possibilities and their probabilities within milliseconds. No human can compete with that level of mathematical risk evaluation and that has proven to be the best short term strategy. After all, changing stock price values and trends follow mathematical patterns in then short term. We might be able to beat machines when predicting the rise and fall of a company in the long term, but when a stock price jumps down by a tiny amount, that's totally irrational but can cause a major dip. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 03:01:13
Yeah, I know. What I meant is that there's still a decent amount of hobby traders on bitcoin exchanges. I doubt more than 1% of all Wallstreet trade volume is executed by a human. 
Of course, there are bots who may have an impact on bitcoin trading. But the majority of all trades is probably still real people. Especially with other cryptocurrencies as developing bots for them often just isn't lucrative yet.
I've traded stocks for a short time and that was definitely a different kind of game. If the whole market reacts within milliseconds, you know you're competing with algorithms rather than people. When the BTC drops and you see the single transactions popping up in your exchange, you can almost feel the fear of the people who just lost a few dollars, thinking "I better sell now to prevent more damage". 
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:11:20
Customers don't need bitcoin, but many merchants would support a block chain based currency if its value was more stable.
I'm working in an online retail business in the hemp industry in Europe (100% legal!).
* PayPal has banned us because of US law. By the way, one of the most expensive payment solutions and a threat to many legitimate merchants.
* VISA and MasterCard would cost us 1200$+ per year just because of "high risk transactions" - we didn't have a single chargeback from a customer in years.
* Apple Pay rejected us as well because of US law.
PayPal works great for customers, they love it. But we can't find a working, fast, secure and cheap payment provider that accepts international transactions in one of the most developed countries of Europe. Many merchants would need such a thing and they will eventually use a system that doesn't rely on big, private corporations and their rules once the value is stable. There's a huge potential for a currency that's usable on the internet without being privatized.
@_date: 2017-12-09 21:12:58


@_date: 2017-12-13 01:24:55
I'd disagree. The trading price of the btc is totally speculative. Most people who buy into btc probably aren't even interested in the bitcoin itself, but in the blockchain technology.
Here are a few reasons for my belief:
* bitcoins are almost unusable for small transactions at the moment and not even cheaper than established payment processors.
* bitcoins aren't as fast as other payment processors.
* accepting bitcoins for any other reasons than belief is highly risky and most sellers wouldn't accept a currency that can be 20% less worth tomorrow but worth 40% more just a day after. Bitcoins aren't stable and there is no institution that can actually enforce stability up to a certain degree.
Bitcoin isn't ready for the masses and I believe most people who buy into bitcoins knowing what they buy know. Using bitcoins for their intended purpose - as a currency for buying and selling goods - is awful at the moment and with an increasing value of the btc, that won't change too soon.
Bitcoin isn't a sell-able product yet. It's a glimpse of what we think is possible with the bitcoin technology and that's what kept early adopters on board I guess. But also, I doubt the first blockchain based currency for the masses won't be controlled by some institution and it will be tied to the fiats in some way so the average user can use it without worrying about his savings.
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:10:29
but the trades in the futures market will probably be big enough to make it lucrative to manipulate the bitcoin markets - which some investors probably can do if they put up enough buy orders in a short time. They just have to akw their futures orders big enough so the gains cover the manipulation costs.
And then there'll be investors who'll want to cause price drops at some point, so they'll acquire large amounts of btc to sell them in a short time later.
I don't think BTC will become the playing ball of investors, but dramatic price changes are possible, depending on how many people use and have bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-12-12 02:45:25


Well, cryptos are (sometimes) lucrative, high-risk investments. Nobody should put his whole savings on high-risk investments. But have you calculated if it would make sense for you to build a smaller, diversified portfolio of cryptocurrencies? They've proven to have a return over the last years and I think they'll become a valid type of investment one day once ICOs become a mainstream crowd investment thing as they're thought to.
@_date: 2017-12-12 02:53:43


People easily forget that we love the blockchain technology, but not necessarily the bitcoin. Will the bitcoin developers be able to find a consense about the scalability of bitcoin before another currency overtakes? Will a new crypto make bitcoins obsolete? What if the bitcoin version we use contains an insecurity that we might find out about in a few years and the bitcoin version becomes corrupted, leading to a massive loss of value?
There are many more possibilities than bitcoin staying the  coin. I believe that some ICOs might rise even faster than the bitcoin. The next Apple might start with a blockchain and an ICO. Public corporations might become blockchain-based one day. And once blockchains can be mixed, we might find that having a token with a specific value like bitcoin might complicate trade and we start directly exchanging goods and values (represented on a blockchain) again.
Nothing beats a diversified portfolio as well as the passion for a rising technology.
@_date: 2017-12-10 13:33:04
different exchanges. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 18:41:14
11/10 HODL quality post
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:25:44
Technical risk is not an excuse for scam. If you get robbed, would you still say "it's called risk, live with it"? Oh, and on a side note, did I get something wrong or since when is getting scammed by some of the biggest companies in the bitcoin industry an accepted, normal risk? WTF are you talking about??? 
Oh, and of course I still own the coins that I've deposited into an exchange as long as their ToS state so. You should learn how basic law works. If I run a car park (one of the more expensive ones that have a guy who parks the car for you) and you give me the keys to your car, would you be OK with me stealing it then? 
Bitcoins aren't a shady dark net currency anymore, they're assets that have a market value and if an exchange steals bitcoins it doesn't matter who kept the keys. 
@_date: 2019-03-09 00:24:10
You don't need to target the controller as long as the OS isn't up to date. I've seen countless worms that just rely on unpatched windows exploits. AutoRun, especially under Windows XP, is great fun. It's become harder in later Windows versions, but apparently not too hard for the right people.
Just search for "USB spreader" and you'll find countless tools ready to buy that somebody might use to build a worm that spreads into your WinXP-PC without any barriers at all. 
@_date: 2019-03-08 14:58:29


Automated exploiting. Bots scanning ports for outdated services, outdated software and other exploits to use. If your Win XP system is on the internet, it will get hacked eventually.
They’re not targeting your 10 year old system specifically, but they’ll be targeting the services that run on that system. Because they know it’s broken and won’t get fixed. Then once they’re in your PC, they’ll run their automated tools to do whatever their business is - stealing login data, becoming part of a bot net or stealing your crypto. 
Since you wrote your PC is offline, that’s quite important to its safety. But keep in mind that it only stays offline as long as you don’t connect any USB to it that was connected to an online device before, because worms can spread through those as well. And you won’t be able to comfortably update your wallet or whatever.
My approach would be slightly different - store the keys on an encrypted USB drive, install the wallet in a VM and reset it every time you use it. So if there was someone attacking the crypto, he'd first have to pass my up-to-date system and its firewall, then somehow breach the barrier into my VM and then be lucky enough to find me sitting in front of the PC with the key drive unencrypted. 
@_date: 2019-03-15 09:02:46
A private, centralized blockchain is still a blockchain. XRP is a currency for the XRP money transfer service just like Paypal dollars are. Whether they are a good or a bad currency is up to debate...
I prefer others. 
@_date: 2019-04-02 20:01:57
Or the fakes are just really good, we haven’t seen them yet. Maybe the people working there do detect the fakes, but the source aren’t their regular customers (maybe there’s just a lot of fake 50 pounds in circulation) and checking all the bills takes too long.
@_date: 2019-01-08 16:04:25
Well, they called themselves national-socialists, but I can’t really see much of a socialist agenda in what they actually did. Okay, they didn’t set up a market economy and instead the government controlled many private companies during the war, but they certainly didn’t have that “we’re all created as equal people with equal rights and belongings”-part. 
I’m not trying to defend the Nazis nor am I siding with the socialists, I just wanted to point out that the NSDAP was not a socialist party. What’s now considered socialist belief was then banned in the German reich.
@_date: 2019-01-08 16:24:46


Just because they called it “national socialism” doesn’t make it socialist or “left-wing”. By the way, what “left wing” are you referring to? Because that term means totally different things in different countries.
Maybe you mean that the NSDAP had to be left-wing since the actual left-wing-politicians were the first the Germans sent to jail and into the concentration camps. Sure, if there’s only one party left, it will have to cover the left and the right wing.


You might want to check your facts again if you’re telling that Hitler was elected democratically. I wouldn’t call it a democracy if you first have to place your opponents in jail to win an election.


I don’t know where you have that info from. The US entered the war in 1941 and began supplying its allies in Europe. By 1943, the first american soldiers were fighting in Italy.


Well, they basically kept Poland and the only reason Eastern Germany is now a free country again is because it was so horribly incapable through its communist administration, it had to be bought out from Western Germany.
Also, does “history has proven” include the russian invasion in Georgia or the most recent invasion in the Ukraine?


I’m sure nobody really wants war with Russia. If “we” really wanted to, we could just have stepped Ukraine to the help and defended them when Russian troops invaded them. The reason for the sanctions is because politicians are trying to avoid a war with Russia.
@_date: 2018-02-12 07:16:29
It can’t be easily regulated I guess. Not about the technology though, just specifically about BitCoin and I think that won’t matter in the mid term. Also, I guess as long as "the crypto" (whatever the one is going to be to get serious mass adoption) isn’t in some way related or pegged to fiat, it will be hardly accepted by any businesses ran by non-enthusiasts, because BitCoin at the moment is a pain to deal with as a business owner.
@_date: 2019-01-08 16:56:21
I didn’t downvote anyone. If you’re getting downvotes, I suppose it’s because you’re spreading wrong information.
Here’s an article on the topic: 
It features historical sources as well and some background info so you can get the context. You can then still make the point that you think that the Nazis were socialists, but you then can’t deny the facts after I’ve linked them to you.
Even more info: 
and more: 
My personal favorite - short and on point: 
@_date: 2018-02-12 07:12:04
Because flying slower than supersonic in a jet specifically designed for supersonic flights might be highly ineffective.
Well, the concorde was highly ineffective in every stage of flight, but only the supersonic speeds could justify it. Also, the concorde needed a super long runway, which limited the possible selection of airports it could land and start on. 
@_date: 2018-02-08 11:25:58
I don’t want to prospect a bad future for bitcoin, but I think you’re oversimplifying it. At the moment, you’re trading a government-controlled currency with low inflation for a highly volatile cryptocurrency which the vast majority of is being mined in just one region in just one country. 
I don’t know which one is safer in the long term, but I’m quite sure I’ll have better luck finding a store that accepts my fiat cash for roughly the same value it had when I got it than I'd have with any crypto. Handling VAT is also quite complicated with cryptos and sometimes even very expensive.
@_date: 2018-02-12 07:23:30
I’d still get one if they were priced reasonably and wouldn’t have that stupid speed limits here that turn them from a geeky tech thing into a disability scooter for non disabled people. They could go as fast as 75 kilometers per hour but are limited to just five here (since they don’t require a license plate).
@_date: 2018-12-30 18:50:54
The day trading phase didn’t ruin the BTC, it just demonstrated how bad of a daily currency bitcoin still is. And one of the reasons for that is that there isn’t any mechanism for volatility control.
BTC at that point was just pure gold for experienced traders, because it lacked the regulations that limited their margins before. I don’t like what’s happened to bitcoin, but it was certainly expectable at some point.
@_date: 2018-12-29 16:56:19
I don’t like how this works, I hate it as much as you do. But if you’re going to fly, always show up a few hours earlier. Not just one hour, not just two, maybe even more depending on the importance of the flight.
Anything can happen and the least you can expect is an airline company doing more than what they’re legally obliged to. 
@_date: 2018-12-29 16:50:09


Which is almost nothing. If BTC goes down even one percent during your transfer, you’ve just lost a million. If I needed to transfer a hundred million dollars, I’d gladly pay that 30k fee.
Also, I don’t think moving money is such a problem when you have as much money. Because you usually just don’t move it to another country then, instead you just get securities through that money which you’ll use to get a loan wherever you’re investing. But honestly, I’ve never tried moving such a sum of money, so I can just assume.
@_date: 2018-12-29 17:13:34
Thanks for the additional info!
@_date: 2018-12-30 20:01:08
That's long term volatility, which sadly doesn't matter when we're talking about short term transactions. 
Every currency moves in such waves, actually every economy does. But still, most currencies move less than bitcoin within a day. And that's what matters to the people who spend bitcoins and also to those who we expect to accept them. 
If I accept USD, I'm risking less than a tenth of a percent in volatility. If I accept bitcoin, I'm risking a few percents, which can destroy my entire margin. So if we want to get a crypto to become the new standard currency, we have to find a way to control short term volatility. (Which is nearly impossible if there's no regulations in any way.)
@_date: 2018-12-29 16:52:21
“I’m driving with such a shitload of money but can’t explain where it’s from.”
I agree, such examples are just not realistic to most people.
@_date: 2018-12-29 17:04:39


I’m not discounting the technology. There’s a lot of reasons why I want mass adoption for crypto currencies. But the argument that I've replied to is that BTC would be cheaper than SWIFT or similar methods for international money transfers. Which is simply not correct at the time.
Blockchains are wonderful, just the idea of automatically sharing free computational resources in return for crypto money that I can spend on automatic, scam-free computing services is worth the whole crypto thing.
But even with mass adoption, I can promise you that BTC won’t beat SWIFT for international money transfers in such a dimension. Because once people actually start shifting hundreds of millions through bitcoin, you can bet the governments will do everything to find a way to regulate bitcoin.
To make my point short - volatility isn’t a reason for bitcoins success right now and I don’t think it will be the reason for bitcoins mass adoption either.
@_date: 2018-12-30 18:39:48
I’m not sure if we’re looking at the same graphs. As I’ve showed you, the 30-day volatility didn’t decrease significantly since 2015. If we’re looking at the price chart only (which doesn’t give us much information regarding the volatility over time), there’s a spike just a few hours ago when the BTC price increased by 2.4% in just a few minutes. Or on december 28, when the price went up by 6.9% in just a few hours. 
Just because the BTC was more volatile in one day at some point doesn’t mean it’s stable now, that’s why I’ve used the 30-day-volatility as a measurement. Also, since I favor crypto currencies, I didn’t even take the ridiculous runs into account that lead into the price crashing respectively. I’ve only compared the regular 30-day-volatility and it doesn’t look like the BTC is significantly more stable now.
@_date: 2018-12-29 17:07:12
International SWIFT transfers take 3-5 business days actually.
@_date: 2018-12-29 19:48:00
The most recent spike is the highest since 2015 if you exclude the ridiculous run on the bitcoin between November 2017 and January 2018. And the minimum volatility used to be lower in 2016 and 2017, even at multiple times. I can't see much of a difference between mid-2015 until mid-2017 and the past months.
So to me, it's quite obvious that the bitcoin hasn't become less volatile in the past years. And, to be honest, that's quite logical since it's for many still a massive object of speculation, which also has no external controlling points that would allow to stabilize it as governments can do with FIATs.
@_date: 2018-12-29 16:31:49
Could you please explain this to me? Which chart are you looking at?
I’m looking at [this one]( and the 30-day-volatility is now four times higher than it was at some point in 2012. And even then, it was still more than double as volatile as a FIAT currency.
I’m hoping for crypto mass adoption, but I don’t see it in the next years based on those numbers.