@_author: lima_xray
@_date: 2018-01-04 22:14:47
Spectre could be used to read the memory in other processes too.  It certainly makes it a lot easier when in the same process but it is not required.  While the JavaScript example discussed by the researches attacks the same process, I don't see any reason why you couldn't attack a separate process instead.
But, like I said, in process attacks are probably way easier, so separating processes in the browser is a step in the right direction even though it's not really a fix.
@_date: 2018-01-04 17:46:08
Well the upside is it requires the ability to execute arbitrary code on the machine you're trying to exploit, and that's a significant hurdle. I'd imagine exchanges are already well protected against that as it would be a major fucking problem even without these vulns if they weren't.
The machines that are at the most risk are shared machines. Things like AWS where anyone can have their application hosted and run on a server with many others. For example, one could craft a malicious docker container and upload it to a shared hosting provider to be able to steal data from any other customer on that machine. So if someone's hosted application included private keys and the like, they would be vulnerable to theft.  
But any exchange that kept their private keys on a shared host deserves to be robbed and their devs tarred and feathered.
Anyway, while a work around for meltdown is being pushed out for all majors OSs, the other two vulns, collectively called spectre, are still open as far as I know. And regardless of what AMD and their fanbois say, I would consider everyone vuln at the moment - this is a systemic issue with how modern CPUs work and they all implement the features being abused. Only time will tell what the extent of the risk is, but for now it's better to be safe.
On a side note, I can confirm at least the Trezor is immune (don't know enough about other hardware wallets but they're probably fine too). The small microcontroller in the Trezor doesn't support any type of out of order execution or speculative execution which is what is being exploited.  So just another reason to keep your private keys far away from a 'full sized' CPU.
@_date: 2018-01-04 19:12:40
Yes, I'm reading the Spectre paper now and they discuss an attack using JavaScript from a malicious site to break sand boxing and read another applications memory.
And this has been confirmed on not just Intel, but AMD, Samsung, and Qualcomm CPUs and isn't resolved by the OS patches going out.
Scary shit.
@_date: 2017-12-28 14:28:59
If there were ever a national deployment of a UBI it would probably depend on a healthy amount of money printing, but even if it wasn't, it would still most certainly result in significant price inflation.
But what I think he's referring to is this Keynesian promotion of excessive consumerism as being good for the economy.  I think the hope is that a UBI would encourage everyone to buy more useless crap they wouldn't have otherwise, thus growing the economy, at least on paper.  
While everyone likes to think of a UBI as helping the poor with basic necessities, the reality is most people would just blow it on shit like a new TV or phone and then dump their old, yet still working, stuff in a landfill. This excessive consumerism makes stock prices look good but produces little real value while burning limited resources.
@_date: 2017-12-28 18:32:42


I agree it could be funded entirely through taxation, but I highly doubt that would be the case, at least in the US.  Money printing (or rather borrowing printed money) is just much easier to sell politically since the costs aren't immediately apparent like they are with taxes.  (This is why money printing is so horrible, it allows the financing of things like war without the proles noticing)


The issue with the whole 'floor' idea, while nice in theory, is that it would only result in prices being bid up as people continued to compete for the same amount of scarce stuff (roof, food, clothes) but now with more money to spend on them.  The end result would be close to where we are now with the poor still being poor and struggling, and the middle class not far behind them.
A prime example of this in the US is college education.  The federal government effectively secures student loans, so any kid who wants to go to college can borrow massive amounts of money for next to nothing, with the stated policy goal of increasing access to higher education.  The reality though is this has resulted in massive tuition price inflation as students continue to compete over a limited number of college admissions but now with truck loads of cheap money to bid up prices.  The end result is *still* only the wealthy can afford top tier private schools, the middle class is *still* lucky to be able to afford a state school, and the poor are *still* largely priced out of the market. 
Anyway, while you and many other UBI proponents aren't pushing the consumerism angle, there are many that do.  They try to frame UBI as good for the economy because it will encourage more consumption, as if a lack of consumption was an issue.  I think they're probably right and it will result in increased consumption (of largely useless shit, like replacing last years iPhone with this years), but that's a whole topic in and of itself.


The best way to protect the environment is to strive for efficiency and conservation.  Price pressure is one of the best ways to encourage these things - see how increased fuel costs a few years ago spurred innovation in more energy efficient everything, something that may not have happened given today's fuel costs.  When you feel price pressure, you are more likely to be frugal in what you consume and how much you consume, but as that goes away, the human tenancy is towards greed and over consumption.  A UBI is going to only further enable that, especially in the US with it's addiction to consumerism and need for instant gratification.
Sure, you might have some people being more ballsy with business ventures and pursuing passions and the like, but most would rather have more shit.
@_date: 2017-12-28 20:53:29
That is absolutely not true.  Universal healthcare alone would result in a massive increase in spending.
That said, I'd back a UBI 100% if it were to replace all existing programs, including all healthcare spending, in exchange for everyone receiving a fat check every month.  
The feds blindly dumping trillions of dollars into healthcare is one of the main drivers of high healthcare prices - if you gave everyone enough money to buy their own and left it up to them to decide how much to spend, it would eliminate *enormous* inefficiencies in the market and greatly reduce costs.  
Only reason prices are so high is because Uncle Sam gladly pays them using our credit card.  Leave it up to individual consumers to decide and prices would quickly be forced down to reasonable levels - as we already see for elective treatments like LASIK and plastic surgery, or direct pay practices like direct primary care.
@_date: 2017-12-28 13:53:28
It will never work, period. A true UBI would just cause price inflation - giving everyone a bigger number in their bank account doesn't magically make there be more stuff, it would only enable everyone to afford to pay more for the same stuff and bid up prices.
But I'm all for giving it a try, especially if it replaces existing welfare systems. It would more likely screw the poor than help them, but at least it'll reduce inefficiencies in government handouts...
@_date: 2017-12-28 16:03:04
Your complaint boils down to you personally preferring one minority group (racial, sexual, national, etc minorities) over another (rural, middle America residents). Your solution is to explicitly favor one group over the other - that's not a solution, that's just fucking a different minority group.  
Sorry, but the truth is democracy fucks more and more people the bigger the population you try to rope in.  This is why small, culturally homogeneous European countries have greater success with government programs than we do in the US - the US is so large and so culturally diverse, anything you do is going to fuck some group of people, making government policy a giant compromising hack job.  
The solution is to shrink the size and scope of federal government, leaving the majority of government responsibilities to the states - this is what the framers intended and is effectively how Europe operates today.  Or, if I had my vote, just split the country up and be done with it.  No amount of tweaking some 'checks and balances' is going to fix shit.
On a side note, doing away with the electoral college and concentrating electoral authority to a handful of heavily populated states, as I think you're suggesting, is absolutely insane.  This would no shit lead to a full on civil war.  Middle America sees those on the coasts as a bunch of elitists who continually disparage and devalue their culture and is why we now have Trump and the rise of the alt right, white nationalists, and even self-described neonazis.  If you double down by effectively telling these people to shove their culture up their asses, they'll just return in kind and start shooting.  Remember, culture, and specifically the *perception* of southern culture losing say in federal governance, is what lead to the first civil war - you may disagree with someone's cultural values, and that's obviously fine, but understand many people consider defending their culture a matter to lose their lives over. (I personally do not, and think collectivism of any flavor is bad, but you need to at least try to understand and respect where others are coming from)
Anyway, the fact that democracy often turns out bad isn't some recent revelation - people have been writing about this going back at least to the ancient Greeks.  These millennia of collected experiences with the failings of democracy heavily influenced the drafters of the US constitution and is why the US is explicitly a republic and not a democracy.
@_date: 2017-12-03 18:36:41
Da fuq? SS is absolutely horrible my man. They blow the money you put in now on other shit with the intention to pay you with future revenue, it is quite literally a textbook example of a ponzi scheme. SS is no where near sustainable and is heading full speed ahead to insolvency.  As it stands now, many of us will wind up paying into it our entire lives and likely only receive a tiny fraction when retire - if we get anything at all.
A much better system would be to save and invest your contributions over the course of your career instead of blowing it on consumption like the government does. If you were able to save those contributions, you'd probably have enough accumulated wealth by the time you retire that you could live comfortably on just the interest, leaving a nice pile of change for your children.  This is called capital accumulation and is how you get rich in a capitalist society - SS makes this nearly impossible for your average working stiff.
Instead you are effectively giving them a free loan to go bomb brown people or whatever they squander our wealth on.
Then point is SS is a huge scam that appeals to the emotions of the economically illiterate (ie the majority of Americans since US schools rarely teach any economics, and when they do it's usually horribly biased).  It may seem nice to have the short term benefits of SS, but the long term costs have made us all unfathomably poorer and, worst of all, has caused large swaths of the population to become financially dependent on the government.
And don't get me started on roads and schools. These are two massive money sinks with consistently piss poor results. I'd posture they both could be done far cheaper and infinity better if there was actual competition and innovation instead of the government monopoly we have now.
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:41:28
The Austrian school is a school of thought, not a literal school, and Austrian economists publish papers quite regularly.  
@_date: 2017-12-12 07:15:14
This isn't entirely true, the Austrian school often uses 'inflation' to mean monetary inflation rather than price inflation.
@_date: 2017-12-13 00:43:28
That is simply incorrect, the Austrian school does not deny the scientific method, it simply questions the level of certainly in knowledge gained through the empirical study of economics alone. 
Their issue is that, unlike with the hard sciences, many observations in economics lack the possibility of a control or repeatability, bringing an unknown level of uncertainty to your results.  And while they are frequently critical of mainstream economists' treatment of economics like a hard science, they don't reject the scientific method by any means. They are instead doubting the usefulness of the methodologies commonly used. 
But yes, some Austrians have rejected empirical study outright, but many have not, and it's use is fairly common among modern Austrians today.
Oh, and off the top of my head, I know [Walter Block]( has had a few hundred articles published in peer reviewed journals over his career, not all on economics, and some in Austrian friendly journals, but he still has had quite a bit of his work published even though he's an Austrian.
@_date: 2017-08-11 11:50:31
The party favors isle, right next to the margarita machines.
@_date: 2017-08-11 11:16:10
If you settle for a couple McNuke Jr's™ you'll still have enough to afford a few heroin addicted child sex slaves from Walmart!
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:02:39
Why wouldn't there be an interest rate? Interest rates would just be set through market forces like any other price. Do you think price fixing works elsewhere in the economy, or just for money? 
And these downturns are largely caused by artificially cheap money fueling asset bubbles that eventually need to correct. The suggestion that we should fix this by making money even cheaper to pump those asset prices back up is insane. I'd argue a much better solution would be to let asset prices fall and resources be reallocated appropriately.
@_date: 2017-08-05 01:12:09
I don't, but that is the popular narrative.
@_date: 2017-08-25 15:39:28
I'll be curious to see if miners are all that interested in fixing this 'flaw', it certainly wouldn't be in their best interest. I think we've only just begun to see how broken bcash really is.
@_date: 2017-08-29 13:14:34
Did those wires get moved a lot, plugged and unplugged or even just moved around? These Molex type connectors suck, there's no strain relief so they are fragile, and they're just overall cheap and highly shitty. It's possible the wire started to pull out of the contact slightly on neighboring terminals and shorted causing an arc.
The other possibility is there was a shitty connection between the wire and the crimped terminal, or between the terminals on either side of the plug, that was producing an excess of heat with the high current draw of the miner. This can also be caused by manipulating these connectors too much, or by corrosion, or just poor design and manufacturing.
These PSUs are designed to be inside a case with nowhere near the continuous sustained load of a miner. I would try to repair this PSU by soldering the wires directly to the board, or get a new PSU that doesn't have these cable management connectors if you can find one. 
@_date: 2017-08-03 02:28:15
It's still basic economics. This is called subjective value, they valued trolling BCH more than the opportunity cost of mining BCH instead of BTC. 
Economics says nothing about an individual's value judgments.
@_date: 2017-08-20 23:51:49
And there's the beauty, agriculture makes that possible, it just takes the slightest effort on your part to not blow up like a balloon.
@_date: 2017-08-20 12:19:38
I'll take sick and fat over starving and dead any day!
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:13:57
Cryptocurrencies are supposed to be trustless, how does Segwit or LN change that? The decentralization of the blockchain is just a means to that end, and higher layers are still trustless even if they go through a 'middleman'. I know you lot love the holy white paper, the whole point of being trustless is explained on the very first page.
And it is horribly broken. You have a hard coded 'feature' that creates a massive profit incentive for miners to oscillate the shit out of the block times. This was predicted before the fork and we're seeing it play out in real time.  This allows them to mine the chain much faster than intended, breaking the inflation model while also severely jeopardizing the security of the chain.  
This isn't going to settle down, you'd need a fuck lot of hash power to ignore their own self interests and mine at a loss to stabilize the coin.  Good luck with that.  The only hope you have is fixing the EDA with a hard fork, and again, good luck getting these miners to agree to turn off the money faucet.
@_date: 2017-08-29 12:22:47
It looks like it was submerged, which is probably fine as long as it wasn't energized, you just need to remove all those deposits before you even consider powering it.
Wash it with some 70% isopropyl alcohol and a toothbrush first. Gently obviously, don't break shit off the board.  I would submerge the boards in an alcohol bath to soak and scrub. Get rid of as much of that shit as you can, give special attention between the pins on the ICs as crud likes to accumulate there.  Let it sit out for a day to dry, or put in the oven at 170F/75C for about half an hour.
@_date: 2017-08-04 10:32:41
But that is the case and has been in tech for the past 30 years or so. You can buy a phone with equivalent specs of a phone that was new a few years ago for a fraction of the price, yet people still buy the current new phone at the full price and the industry is booming.
You are repeating crap Keynesian economics that believes consumption is what drives the economy. This is probably what you were taught in school but it's total nonsense and few economists outside of government and academia believe this drivel.  Think about it, these are people who say building bombs is good for the economy - how does diverting scares resources to build complex machines that only go boom once and kill people good for the future of our economy?
The thing is, if people are saving instead of spending, the cost to borrow that excess of saved money, aka interest rates, will go down, encouraging borrowing and spending, especially in capital investment. This means if people do hold off on buying that phone today, there will be excess resources available for someone else to invest in building a phone factory to make better and cheaper phones in the future.  Basically you're only thinking about consumption and forgetting investment, and a free market currency like BTC would self regulate the balance of the two through the price system.
Understand the *only* reason for this monetary inflation is as a hidden tax. Governments print money to pay for their programs and give to their cronies. This is how they're able to fund the warfare and welfare state while hiding the true cost from the public. It is nothing more than a clever trick to indirectly skim wealth from our economy and the arguments supporting it like this one are total FUD propaganda. Getting rid of this is *the* point of BTC.
I suggest reading 'Economics in one Lesson' by Henry Hazlett and 'What has Government done to our Money' by Murray Rothbard.
@_date: 2017-08-20 01:09:21
It's already happened in Germany before, why don't you think it'll happen again?
The reason for bitcoin is that central banks - the banks people are really hedging against - notoriously print money to try to mitigate economic downturns. All of these developed nations do this, and have been doing it to greater and greater levels, ever devaluing their currencies. It's really just a matter of time before the shit hits the fan and we see another major economic collapse and run away hyperinflation.
No amount of feel good laws are going to protect you from your nation's sinking currency, but BTC can.
@_date: 2017-08-04 15:28:20
Yeah, you're right, the US should be the world police.  Maybe another century of tensions and idle threats against Russia will make them come around to accepting Western values.  I'm sure another arms race will totally improve humanitarian values in Russia.
Or maybe normalized relations and free trade with Russia like Trump campaigned on would work better.  
Oh, and you know foreign policy is an executive power, right? Congress ramming sanctions down the president's throat is very much outside their powers and the rule of law.  They can only approve treaties, it is the president who makes them.  
@_date: 2017-08-04 16:09:48
Stability has only gotten worse and is getting worse.  While we had a few crashes in the 19th century, they were all small and localized relative to the massive collapses we've had since handing control of our money to central banks. Since this era of perpetually low rates, we've had bubble after bubble, each worse than the last. The current 'everything bubble' is going to make the housing bubble look like child's play when it pops.  These massive asset bubbles are only possible with government manipulation of our money supply, printing money by the truck load and fueling artificial demand in crap no one needs.  We are in a downward spiral, addicted to cheap printed money, that will only end badly for everyone.  I personally see BTC as a hedge against this and a short on the dollar.
Outside of academia and government, more and more economists are rejecting Keynes and I expect that trend to continue. The free market schools of economic thought are exploding in popularity as it becomes increasingly clear we can't spend our way to prosperity.
I'd also suggest reading Meltdown by Tom Woods, he gives a good basic explanation of the Austrian Business cycle theory in relation to the 2008 housing bubble collapse and provides a good intro to the topic.
@_date: 2017-08-25 13:31:36
And 6x more critically broken.  
BTC might not prevail in the long run, but BCH certainly isn't - BCH fanbois forget they're competing against an entire market and not just BTC - why would anyone pick BCH over LTC or XMR or any other far more capable alt? What does BCH have to offer that these coins don't?
Sorry bro, the EDA design is horrible and those behind it are either malicious or incompetent and simply not the folks I want designing a store of value that I'll use.  As soon as it becomes clear these oscillations are totally undamped and that they'll persist indefinitely, there's going to be a mass exodus - get out while you still can.
@_date: 2017-08-04 14:39:46
I suggest you read up on the Austrian business cycle theory and why many of us disagree on the need for an inflationary money supply.  We're not ignoring some weakness, many of us back BTC *because* it has a limited supply and can't be used to manipulate monetary policy.  
The problem you're missing is that when the government makes money artificially cheap by forcing rates low, it encourages malinvestment and fuels asset bubbles. Interest rates communicate important price information in the market that *should* balance the savings and consumption in the economy - with governments printing money to keep these rates low, they are explicitly encouraging more consumption than savings. This may seem fine now, but it will result in us being poorer later as we are spending our future wealth at an extreme premium.
Obviously some degree of this borrowing is fine, but with a free market currency, borrowing is kept in check as the more people borrow, the more expensive borrowing gets. When an inflationary currency is used to keep those rates low, you get things like people paying way too much for houses they can afford and spur investment in McMansions that no one really wants. Also see education and healthcare costs for prime examples of what happens when hundreds of billions of printed money is pumped into various markets.
And gold only became a problem when the US government needed to fund it's wars faster than it could get gold.  Like I said, the only benefit of an inflationary money supply is to those who get the new money, and in the case of fiat, that's to the govt and their cronies.  Inflation is an invisible tax that creates major demand distortions, and claims that deflationary prices are bad for the economy are demonstrably false, and the suggestion that a *very* slight incentive to save rather than consume would be catastrophic is laughable.
@_date: 2017-08-25 15:30:41
Sounds like the guy is an idiot and is steering his business on emotion and not sound analysis. LTC is nowhere near capacity and as users move to Segwit transactions its throughput will approach that of BCH. So not sure what benefit BCH has over LTC for him near or long term.
Not to mention there are plenty of alts with even more throughput - like XMR which is also fungible and extremely private, as I'd think you'd want tips to be.
Even then, LN is a much better fit for his business model - being instant, even cheaper, and fungible - and will allow the underlying store of value to be abstracted away - so he can hold LTC and his customers can seamlessly pay in LTC, BTC, VTC, or any other BTC fork with Segwit. This is something you can't do with BCH, so again not sure what benefit it has?
And all of that is ignoring the fact BCH is horribly broken and swings between 30 and 0.3 blocks/hour.  Why would anyone touch this coin much less actively defend it?
@_date: 2017-09-09 13:06:57
Might be a safer bet than using that student loan money for college...
@_date: 2017-09-18 20:09:46
I guess that's one way of quantitative tightening
@_date: 2017-09-21 03:23:21
Because it's about China's increasingly crazy capital controls. The main reason for shutting down exchanges is to stop capital from leaving the country and it seems they're stopping other assets from being removed as well.
China has demonstrated how useful BTC is in removing your capital from an increasingly totalitarian country.
@_date: 2017-09-25 21:58:30
Well that's it, it's official, bitcoin is a bubble, time to sell.
@_date: 2017-09-13 12:15:29
What exactly is the utility of gold? I see this hand waving nonsense all the time, but outside of being a store of value, what's the utility of gold? It's pretty and shiny? I can use a tiny amount to plate electrical contacts to prevent surface corrosion? These things aren't even in the same ball park as the utility of a currency like BTC and not in the same universe as a platform like ETH or NEM. I don't think you fully grasp the technical challenges these technologies address or how they totally obsolete the entire banking and finance sector, and have use cases that haven't even been envisioned yet.
This gold has utility argument is like saying the internet will never replace print because newspapers have utility in lining my bird cage.  Sure, gold has utility, but not nearly enough to support $1300.  Clearly gold is just the longest lived fad known to man and is a massive bubble :)
I'm sure we all have access to stable currencies and a full suite of banking services, but *billions* of people don't - for these people this technology has far more utility than a pretty hunk of mostly useless metal.
I agree that currencies is not how you make money, but say you could go back a few thousand years and 'buy' gold before it was widely accepted as a medium of exchange and had little value - you'd be able to buy it for a fraction of a penny on the dollar and make sizeable returns as more and more people wanted to use the limited supply of gold. That's what the hodlers here are speculating will be the case with BTC.
@_date: 2017-05-31 21:58:30
LMFAO, just like taxes are voluntary, right?
@_date: 2017-07-21 11:28:17
It will have zero impact. There are quite a few other DNMs that weren't shutdown and I'm sure everyone has already switched and gone right back to ignoring the law. This isn't the first time one of these major sites went down from a bust or scam, and it won't be the last. Users don't care, having the convenience of Amazon to buy drugs is just far too valuable.  I'm sure we'll see a dozen or so new sites pop up to replace the one that was shutdown, and will probably start seeing a push for decentralized markets. 
If anything, the fresh media attention will probably bring in a horde of new users to buy and use BTC to purchase their drugs of choice and maybe bump up the price a little. That said, I don't think this illicit activity accounts for that large of a share of BTC value seeing as how much the scaling debate impacts the price (doubt drug users care) and how different cryptos frequently move together, including ones that aren't typically accepted on DNMs.
@_date: 2017-07-25 11:38:35
While miners may be willing to deploy hastily developed patches into production as their potential loss are only a block reward or two and some tx fees, an exchange or investor who moves BTC worth millions of USD a day is going to be much more careful.  You are out of your mind if you think a company like Coinbase is going to put their entire worth behind something like btc1.  When a single bug can bankrupt you over night, you're going to be a lot more conservative about the software you use.
@_date: 2017-07-05 23:23:09
You don't think abstraction adds significant complexity?
@_date: 2017-07-25 23:25:02
Leave your BTC in electrum for now but make sure you have your recovery seed. When the chain forks, create a new BTC wallet (in electrum or whatever) and send all your BTC there. Then install the unofficial electrum BCC wallet and recover your wallet using your original electrum recovery seed - this is your BCC wallet. Then you should create an entirely new BCC wallet and send your BCC there.
Basically your BCC will be available using a BCC wallet that is recovered using the same recovery seed as your BTC wallet. You just need to make sure you send them both to new wallets before you spend. Since they both be on the same wallet after the split, transactions made with one will be valid on the other, so if you send someone BCC they could take the same amount of BTC.
I'm sure there will be more detailed how to's in the near future.
@_date: 2017-07-07 23:54:45
Obviously, that's the point, even keeping your cash in a savings account is speculation that the fiat you're holding won't be inflated to the moon. It's happened before, it'll happen again. 
@_date: 2017-07-22 19:03:56
Yep, this will just hurry the transition to decentralized markets just as piracy moved to bittorrent.  They're going to bring about an end to DNM sites no doubt, just not in the way they hope.  
If it weren't for the epic waste of tax dollars and people being imprisoned, it'd be good for some lolz.
@_date: 2017-07-05 20:29:38
That is absolutely not true, otherwise we'd all still be programming in assembly on bare metal. Complexity is added for a number of reasons, such as extensibility and efficiency as is the case here.
@_date: 2017-07-07 22:02:25
Even that isn't really safe as the dollar will undoubtedly lose quite a bit more than 1% of value a year over the next 15 years, and a major debt crisis may result in significantly greater losses as the fed tries to print money to prevent a national default.
@_date: 2017-07-23 21:02:14
They're talking about Lauren Southern. In Canada you just have to say you changed genders to be legally recognized as transgender, and it's a crime to use the wrong gender pronoun (or at least there's an effort to make it a crime).  So as a protest she declared herself a man and is now legally recognized as such on her driver's license. It's especially funny because no one would ever mistake her for a man.
@_date: 2017-07-25 03:04:12
The whole Satoshi's plan argument is religious zealotry and I just can't take anyone who uses it seriously. He's not an infallible god with perfect foresight. He had a great idea that is revolutionizing the world, but the crypto market has already evolved far beyond what he imagined and it's time to accept that there are other smart people with other good ideas to bring bitcoin to the next level.  This is how it works in both technology AND economics.
And what's the technical reasoning behind BCC again? Unlimited blocksize and just dump every pack of gum purchase in the whole world on the blockchain?  Then you still have to pay a fee and wait 30 minutes for 3 confirmations before leaving the store?  Oh and lets bad mouth hundreds of developers who have been working on bitcoin for years while we're at it, debating their proposals with ad hominems, straw men, and straight up FUD.
I know this is hard to understand, but the goal is a trustless currency, decentralization is a critical means to this end but not the objective itself. Even if the LN is dominated by a few major payment processors, the whole system is still trustless as long as the miners and nodes are decentralized. Scaling to the moon through unrestricted block size increases is an actual threat to this decentralization.
Honestly I'm just not sure what the use case of BCC is that isn't already met with BTC or LTC. The mad dash to dump BCC should be worth a few laughs though.
@_date: 2017-07-25 15:44:25
After the split, your BTC and BCC will be attached to identical wallets with identical addresses. Before sending coins on either chain to anyone, create a new wallet on one of the chains and send all of your coins on that chain to that wallet.
Basically you want to avoid using the same addresses on both chains.
@_date: 2017-07-25 12:21:05
My master? You lot and your ad hominems, I guess you have nothing else. I'm not a fan of the strict moderation policies here and won't defend them, but I doubt you were singled out. 
And whatever they said, the reality is they are going where the economic incentives are, longest chain or otherwise. If I HF and drop difficulty down so my hash power can fly through blocks until the next difficulty adjustment, I'll have the longest chain, do you think they'd call my chain BTC, even when I'm the only one using it?
@_date: 2017-07-26 19:32:03


There's your answer - a lot of people are about to get a crash course in civil asset forfeiture.  I'm sure you can hire an attorney to prove those funds are rightfully yours and not connected to criminal enterprise, but for many I'm betting that'll cost more than was lost.
@_date: 2017-06-27 01:29:06
What technological benefit do you think a decentralized trustless currency serves other than to undermine the authority of central banks? They could just run a big central database to provide all the functionality of BTC but cheaper and easier. Many banks already do, yet strangely there's still a use case for BTC.  Don't worry, plenty of people like yourself don't understand how central banking works or what BTC does that I'm certain the lemmings will continue to walk right into our anarchist trap - especially *when* fiat takes a massive shit and the choice is adopt BTC or starve.
I suggest reading some works from Austrian economists like Mises, Hayek, and Rothbard to understand how and why BTC is deathly toxic to governments today, and maybe even get some insight into why anarchy is very much so the way forward and not at all what you were lead to believe it is.
@_date: 2017-07-25 10:44:16
Right, and miners won't get transactions and their associated fees when nodes reject their chain. Miners feel economic pressure to follow the consensus rules used by the economic majority. Miners are producers and the users are consumers, as with any market produced goods are worthless unless there are consumers to buy them.  If any sizable number of users refuse to switch away from the Core client, at least some miners will be incentivized to do the same and continue to mine their transactions on a Core valid chain.
@_date: 2017-06-24 18:34:24
No, they were wrong in inferring a meaning in these polls that was not there. A candidate being extremely popular in a handful of states is meaningless in a federal republic.
@_date: 2017-06-28 11:15:01
I don't care about my taxes being used for mass genocide as long as they're also used to build muh roads! (Statist logic)
@_date: 2017-06-24 19:39:14
Lol no, she was incredibly unpopular outside of the elitist enclaves on the coasts - she obviously would have won if she were popular in the entire country. Your mindset is why the left is losing the discussion, you're so totally disconnected from the culture in the rest of the US you have no idea what middle America wants.
@_date: 2017-07-18 17:40:03


This is going to be the next major debate, I can assure you this isn't over and a lot of people are going to take serious issue with using the btc1 codebase, not to mention supporting an unneeded hardfork.  
Personally, I could live with Segwit2x to avoid a contentious fork, but I don't think I can live with btc1. We will just have to see what happens next in this never ending soap opera. 
@_date: 2017-06-28 11:53:49
The debasement of currency has been used to fund wars since at least the Roman empire and that's the point. Central banking just makes it easier and more efficient to do. The whole purpose of BTC is to make that not possible. You think people in a democratic nation would be OK with the constant war if they were funded directly through taxation and they could see the true cost? People would be a lot more selective with their engagements if they saw that war tax taken out of every paycheck instead just have their purchasing power gradually reduced over time.
@_date: 2017-06-12 16:19:07
Who takes ETH? I have yet to see a vendor taking it, while I regularly pay in BTC. The reality is this has nothing to do with being usable for regular people as all crypto is being treated more as an asset than a currency at this point, with very few accepting any crypto for trade.  
I'm sure there was some dumping of BTC for ETH to try to jump in on the higher returns, but this dip will correct and BOTH will continue on their marry way to the moon, with probably a few other competitors along for the ride.  They're not mutually exclusive technologies; they fill different roles as BTC lacks many of ETHs features explicitly for security and stability, the market will decide which priority it prefers but I highly doubt one will totally replace the other, much like iOS and Android.
The truth is the entire market is undervalued and still has a ton of room for everyone to grow, ETH's success doesn't say anything about BTC as most people don't know or care about the scaling debate.  Furthermore, I'd bet most investors are transacting purely off chain in exchanges, never even seeing the scaling problem.  
I think a lot of people on here are so caught up on the scaling problem they fail to see the BTC has a shit ton of value even if it never scales - stability and longevity are far more important for an asset than how easy or cheap it is to send to someone else.  The worst thing would be to rock the boat and contentiously fork the chain, that would instantly discredit BTCs reputation.
@_date: 2017-06-11 19:16:57
While I'd rather BTC fix it's shit, I'll take a few billion more in market cap in exchange for higher fees.  There's always LTC if you want cheap and fast transactions...
@_date: 2017-06-20 04:24:31
How is TOR not anonymous? I'm not aware of any publicly known vulns that let the user be unmasked on a properly configured machine.
How would off chain transactions be conned? They're just as trustless as on chain transactions. And how are they not practical for daily use? Their whole purpose is for daily use.
@_date: 2017-06-20 04:15:52
Maybe this isn't common knowledge over there, but your government doesn't care about you. Welcome to the party.
@_date: 2017-06-15 13:25:50
True, but you don't need to open and close channels all that often, I should have been more clear that I meant individual LN transactions don't use block space except for conflict resolution.  I'd imagine we'd see large payment processors where users would open a channel with them and use that channel to pay others by proxy, so most users would probably only be making a few on chain transactions a month.
@_date: 2017-06-21 23:03:57
Dark net sites don't go through an exit node. By off train transaction we're referring to the lightning network, which is absolutely, 100% trust less.  No off chain like in exchanges.
@_date: 2017-06-28 11:40:39
OK then econ master, why was it the US went off the gold standard again? 
Oh right, to more effectively debase their currency and fund the Vietnam war.  Debasing a currency has been a popular method of funding unpopular wars throughout history genius, go learn some history.
@_date: 2017-06-27 00:45:30
BTC is quite clearly designed with Austrian economics in mind, and I don't think it'd be much of a stretch to say Satoshi was at least a minarchist, and probably a full on anarcho-capitalist, although I'm sure others can speak more to his positions better than I. In any case, the majority of BTC's early supporters and adopters backed it specifically as a weapon of mass destruction against the state and central banking. 
I find it kind of amusing that as it becomes more and more popular, statists like yourself enter the community and are surprised that the intended end game of BTC is the total destruction of the state as we know it. Make no mistake, BTC was designed first and foremost to be a tool of nonviolent revolution against the welfare and warfare state.
@_date: 2017-06-16 12:35:47
From an engineering perspective, blindly increasing block size before activating Segwit makes no sense, and this is why the gross majority of devs are against it. For BTC to survive it absolutely needs to support layer 2 solutions, and not just for scalability, Segwit should be activated yesterday and there's really no serious technical debate otherwise. An arbitrary block size increase does nothing to fix the problem and is merely a hacky fix that kicks the can down the road. Remember, we need about 500MB blocks to be on par with Visa TODAY, far larger if we ever expect to replace them in the future, this is why this is a shitty nonsolution. I would further argue Visa is an extremely conservative estimate since it's availability is limited to a fraction of the world's population, while BTC can provide banking services to anyone anywhere for a lot less.
From an economics perspective, increasing block size without first seeing how the market is influenced by layer 2 solutions is reckless. We don't know how the market is going to be impacted by higher layer solutions and don't know how big blocks will really need to be.  Also, if everyone freaking out about scaling is correct that fees and TX time are limiting transaction demand, we may find demand is elastic and will quickly fill the proposed 8MB blocks, leaving us back where we started with only slightly better fees and TX times at best.  
Oh, and segwit is already a compromise that effectively doubles the block size, so suggesting it's supporters oppose any increase is an absolute lie and FUD. I can't help but feel the people creating this big block propaganda are either malicious or are totally clueless.
@_date: 2017-06-23 02:33:05
There are alrready significant efforts to build layers on top of BTC that'll make it easier to use while keeping it decentralized.  In a couple years BTC will look a lot different to the end user and will be at least as easy to use as regular banking services, if not easier and more convenient. Sure, many may be better served to use some sort of service, but you still have the option to pull it out and be your own bank if you want to - and that's far better than anything we have now.
@_date: 2017-06-20 19:19:09
I'm sure this will eventually be buried under higher layers giving a similar experience to what we have now - it's already common to store wealth in a savings account and spending money in a separate checking account.
@_date: 2017-06-21 00:48:31
Regular people most certainly affected by negative interest rates, it causes monetary and price inflation. It encourages reckless borrowing, no savings, and effectively debases their fiat. BTC has the potential to be a great hedge against this and give your average Joe more purchasing power over time. 
In fact, this is the main purpose of BTC and why it was designed, to subvert the inflationary monetary policy of central banks.
@_date: 2017-06-24 11:44:07
Except the US doesn't elect by popular vote and designing a study that doesn't take that into account and then greatly overstating the relevance of the results is sloppy.  I was telling people months before the election the polls were crap - there were more than 10 point swings between different polls on a given day and between polls day to day, they were way over stating their confidence level and it was fucking obvious. That no one in the media noticed this or bothered to point it out shows an enormous amount of intellectual dishonesty or plain incompetence.  Unfortunately most people know little about math and nothing about statistics.
@_date: 2017-06-28 11:33:32
No, you just make yourself look retarded. Do you understand the debasement of currency has been one of the primary methods of funding war since, like, forever? The most recent and relevant example being the US cutting the last ties to gold for the sole purpose of continuing the Vietnam war which they simply could not have afforded otherwise.
Can you please tell me how you justify the spending of trillions of dollars of wealth over the past 15 years  to kill some 500k+ people? Do you not think those resources could have been better spent?
@_date: 2017-06-14 12:11:50
My understanding is LN will only require on chain transactions when something goes south and settlement is required. Day to day spending should require no on chain transactions, so higher TX fees or longer confirmation times should not matter, and may provide a benefit of forcing all the coffee drinkers off the chain. I know a lot of people get all upset about muh blockchain when this is suggested, but to ever have a reasonable chance of sustainable scaling, we shouldn't be putting every chewing gum purchase on the chain.