@_author: limprecommendation
@_date: 2018-02-28 19:11:36
I can buy bread with it. In fact, most people buy bread with it.
Most purchases with crypto are illicit because there are entirely no upsides to using crypto besides anonymity.
Who needs anonymous purchases?
Edit: Noticing a ton of "ITS NOT ANONYMOUS!!!!!!!" idiocy. It is. Your wallet is not you and will never be you. You are a person. This is essentially "YOU'RE BROADCASTING AN IP ADDRESS!".
@_date: 2018-03-04 17:59:04


Take a look at lego. It's practically free and super light. Stop letting all these material engineers, structural engineers, contractors, and laborers with vehicles large enough to carry reinforced concrete and I-beams around control how your home is built.
Lego is where its at, boys. You can make it with a 3D printer and build the home of your dreams!
Stop it. For all your endless whinge about whitepapers, any serious read of the Lightning Network would be 59 pages spent asking: *"How are you going to achieve this?"*, and the document would be closed with every one of the gazillion times you asked that going unanswered.
I can write shyte about building materials needing to be lighter, then go "LEGO!", and I'd be laughed out of the goddamn room unless I came up with a legitimate method of using lego to build a home. That whitepaper contains no solutions to any problems. Just hypotheticals, wishful thinking, false equivalence, weasel words and either colossal amounts of ignorance or a huge attempt to distract the gullible with fancy but meaningless entrepreneur-vomit.
@_date: 2018-02-28 16:25:25
Do you think that's a fair comparison? Cash actually has legitimate value, whereas barring get-rich-quick schemes and novelty pizza putchases, cryptocurrency does not. If it does, the end result is achieved in a woefully inefficient, dangerous, and costly manner relative to countless other methods of payment.
That Windows causes child porn comparison is again, utterly asinine and it speaks volumes about the type of person that frequents this place that it got upvoted. One has legitimate value, the other does not. All you have is a fallacious "it could become something in the future", which it very well might. Though the path it is currently on (and which many players involved hope it stays on) is not one that leads to this future, but a more profitable and less moral one.
*"YOU REALIZE YOUR FISTS CAN KILL PEOPLE, RIGHT? SO HOW ARE YOUR FISTS DIFFERENT FROM A SEMI-AUTOMATIC FIREARM?"*
\- literally 
/r/bitcoin