@_author: linknm
@_date: 2017-08-01 23:08:15
Yeah, the unconfirmed thing is definitely just a glitch from Multibit HD. Don't worry about that.
And well, it shouldn't take that long, though, but I guess it's worth trying.
I was also thinking, could you check if Electrum is properly connected to a server? That could also be the reason why your transactions aren't appearing. It's really rare since by default it should automatically connect to working server but I had that glitch happen one time when I opened mine.
"Tools -&gt; Network" to see your status and if it's currently selecting a server automatically. You can also check the console to confirm if you have a welcome message from the server you are connected to. (View -&gt; Show Console)
@_date: 2017-08-03 04:53:22
I saw the screenshot you posted from Multibit HD and yeah, definitely ignore that it says unconfirmed. That's a glitch. There is a way to fix that but I don't know if it'll event work now that Multibit HD is unsupported. If you want to try still, just press the Repair Wallet option. It should be inside the Manage Wallet section, IIRC. (After clicking that, you'll have to wait a while for the process to finish.)
Anyway, what matters is that it still reads your transactions but most importantly that you still have your seed.
Could you share a screenshot of Electrum's main window to check what it says? The only other idea I have is that maybe you are typing the Derivation wrong when importing your wallet. From what I understood, Electrum will still let you click on "Next" even if the Derivation isn't exactly the correct one. And if that happened, it wouldn't be able to find your transactions and addresses.
The derivation has to be exactly this:
Try simply copying and pasting it.
@_date: 2017-08-01 22:22:27
If you have the seed of Multibit HD's wallet, you can follow this youtube video to recover your wallet in Electrum. (If you have the seed, you don't even need Multibit HD installed anymore) 
Basically, the instructions are:
1. Make sure you have the latest version of Electrum. (2.9)
2. "File -&gt; New / Restore" to create a new wallet.
3. Name the wallet however you want.
4. Select "Standard wallet".
5. Select "I already have a seed".
6. Enter your Multibit HD wallet seed. Don't click next yet.
7. Click on Options and check "BIP39 seed". Now click next.
8. In Derivation, type: m/0'
And that's it. The next part it can be any password you want. All your addresses and transactions should appear in a few moments.
@_date: 2017-08-01 22:34:04
That's odd. Can you do the whole procedure or does it block you from clicking "next" at one point? (If it stops at the part when you enter your seed, then your probably typed the seed wrong at some point.)
@_date: 2017-08-01 22:51:46
Hmm... was your BTC was already confirmed before you opened Multibit HD today? If you already had it, then the current uncomfirmed status could just be a glitch in Multibit HD and nothing to really worry about. You still have the coins.
After inputting the seed into Electrum, have you tried waiting a bit. IIRC, it takes a small bit of time before Electrum restores the transactions into your new wallet.