@_author: linkwarz
@_date: 2014-09-26 01:47:38
That's an interesting thought.  Well, 50% seems high.    ;-)
I did consider doing some sort of profit share with whoever submitted the link, for the tips it receives.  But usually/often that would effectively just be a percentage refund so I didn't do it.
Your idea is more interesting though, we could allow everyone who posts a link to submit an address.  Then if that link receives a tip, the posting party's address will be added to a list of beneficiaries. Tips for any link would be distributed to the beneficiaries list weighted by tips received for their post(s).
I think it works.  Might run with it....
@_date: 2014-09-26 01:39:16
good feedback thx.  I was just happy to find a .com at a good price. 
@_date: 2014-09-25 18:19:09
Hi Reddit!
LinkWarz dev here.  Happy to answer any q's or listen to your suggestions, criticisms about how the site can be made better.
LinkWarz.com was born of a simple idea: Let anyone post links to anything, and display the highest tipped links first. Let people duke it out for the top spot and see what happens. Send 50% of bitcoin tips to charities we believe in. Everything else is detail.
 
Tips are presently accepted in Bitcoin, DogeCoin, DarkCoin, BitcoinDark, LiteCoin, and NameCoin. 
 
50% of BTC tips are automatically sent to charities or causes that accept bitcoin such as Sean's outpost, Bitcoin Not Bombs, WikiLeaks, the Free Software Foundation and FreeRoss, amongst others.  This is done in a very transparent manner such that each charity is listed along with total accrued tips to date, payouts, and a ledger.  I think this transparency is a nice feature of the site that hopefully more sites will implement.
 
I really focused on simplicity and privacy while building LinkWarz.  There are no user accounts, registration forms or passwords.  The interface is clean and there are no ads, or plans to add them.  Submitting a link has just two form fields:  title and url.  Not even a captcha.  Likewise commenting is simple and anonymous, following somewhat in the footsteps of 4chan.  I believe this is important as social sites seem to be demanding ever more personal information, but there is also value to anonymous speech.
 
I have plenty of ideas for bells and whistles features to add, but I wanted to get something basic out there first to find out if the concept sinks or floats.  LinkWarz is really just a fun experiment to see if people will wish to compete for the top spot and if we can build a community around that.  The model may not work, or may need tweaking and fine tuning.  or may take a long time to get rolling and build enough traffic.  We're going to find out.
 
Anyway, I invite you to check it out, maybe post a link or two, and let me know what you think.  There is an extensive FAQ page with lots more detail.
@_date: 2019-08-03 13:57:28
serious question, not a troll:
If Hendrickson is correct legally speaking (and I'm not saying otherwise) then why did his arguments not hold up in court?   Has he addressed this question publically?
from 

