@_author: linkylinkylinker
@_date: 2015-01-15 17:07:53


What?! Please read up on the principle of the [separation of powers]( Sorry, but your comment does not make sense, neither for the USA nor for Germany.
Edit: Well OK, I did just read more about different definitions of the word "government", so I guess your comment does make some sense for the USA, where "the government" can refer to all the branches together. But still the branches are independent of each other, so I don't really get your point.
@_date: 2015-01-15 21:13:25
OK, before this reply I had given you the benefit of doubt. But now you have proven your complete ignorance of international historical and political issues.
I am not trying to defend, deny, or downplay ANY Nazi actions (just to make that sure for you), of course including the Holocaust. In your words: I am not a racist shit. 
But how can you even fathom the idea of using Nazi Germany's political system as an example in a discussion about the validity of a jury-based judicial system? The Third Reich was a dictatorship. See e.g.  Of course there was no possibility for the population to prevent the Holocaust under these laws.
One question is, how could Hitler even get to this point and why did the Weimar Republic not prevent it? A huge problem was that they didn't have a clear separation of state powers (legislative, executive and judicial). This is one of the many "lessons learned", and the separation is thoroughly implemented in the Basic Law of the Federal Republic of Germany. It is probably the most important thing to prevent something like Hitler's rise happening again.
So, if you want to compare the German judicial system to the USA, it just does not make any sense to look anywhere else but the Federal Republic of Germany. They indeed do not employ a jury-based system. Now please compare *these* systems. I personally do not have any deeper insights into the pros and cons here, but emotionally I tend to think that a completely non-professional jury can be influenced and manipulated more easily than a judge or lay judge.
Sorry for this wall of text. What I'm basically saying is that you are grossly oversimplifying by saying that a non-jury based system does not give anyone but "the government" a say. The government just isn't a single entity, it consists of independent branches, in the USA as well as in (the Federal Republic of) Germany. These are democratically elected.
And *please* read up on history before making stupid Nazi comparisons in the future.
Edit: To be more precise, don't compare two completely different things. 
Also, I think it might be possible that the separation of state powers in the USA is weaker than in e.g. Germany. So it is possible that a jury system is really more appropriate there.
@_date: 2015-01-15 18:39:31
Can you give me some examples of why you think that Germany has a horrific track record concerning their judiciary? (Honest question, I'm not sure what you are referring to.)