@_author: lioploum
@_date: 2018-02-26 23:57:56
I've heard them IRL. I don't think it's adequate to share on Reddit the name of people telling you stuff during a lunch conversation. I will only present all the arguments I've read here the next time that conversation pops up.
But, honnestly, I'm not that interested to know who Satoshi is ;-)
@_date: 2018-02-26 23:07:56
A theory I've heard in the academic crypto circle is that Satoshi was a group of 4 people (the 4 were identified) with different skills. CSW was part of the team as the business man, the guy with investing/trading skills.
They locked Satoshi's bitcoins with a 4 private keys mechanisms. So they must be 4 to unlock them.
One of the 4 being dead, they can't unlock it in theory. Except that they may have thought about it before and one of the 3 left may have the 4th key.
In this theory, CSW needs money and is really part of the Satoshi gang. So he's virtually a billionnaire. But can't access the money. He tries to bargain with the two others (who don't want or cannot cooperate).
CSW then stages more and more proof in order to blackmail them: "I will reveal everything if you don't unlock some of my funds". Attracting media attention is a good way to do that.
Then, there are two possibilities: either he was given some money from other sources or he didn't had the guts to go to a full reveal (knowing that it's like burning his last chance to get the money).
That story was told to me by people that knows very very well the crypto community and the academic background behind Bitcoin. They were quite convinced to hold the truth on it (I summarized it).
But that's only a theory.
@_date: 2017-05-02 14:03:18
Not really. Had to recreate an account because I somewhat lost my old one that I had for years (even if I recognise not being very active).
The reason I posted this link is that I found it quite interesting for someone not following too closely the segwit story. I'm not convinced but I thought that on Reddit I could have some counter-arguments (which is the case thanks to other comments here).
Yours is not really helping.
@_date: 2017-05-03 11:01:31
Also, I deleted the post as it was clear from other comments that it was FUD. It's sad because I trusted the author (Rick Falkvinge) but I don't want to spread worthless FUD.
@_date: 2017-05-02 14:16:55
Blockstream's answer to that : 