@_author: liquidgands
@_date: 2019-07-24 10:58:30
 
In my opinion single reason Bitcoin, or something like it in inevitable:
The Internet.
End of story.
Ok Tell Me More:
I'm of the age I remember a TV with 3 Channels (UK), no such thing as mobile phone and a group chat was sitting in the pub having a pint.
When I was at collage the easiest way for letting my old school friends know when I would pick them up on the way home for a weekend was a university system called Janet.
Simply typing a message into a computer terminal in the computing block and receiving a reply next time I went to the terminal.
Janet and systems like her evolved,
AOL, Compuserve, CIX and walled networks became a thing. Email via the emerging 'internet' became a glue holding the walled gardens together.
Slowly as internal walled networks communication systems broke down and the wider internet became the www and online forums the internet started to grow beyond simple communications and information exchange.
Over time the internet has devoured, destroyed and rebuilt each and every industry it touches. Each industry after internetilisation is totally different to the way things worked before, and in most cases beyond anyone's wildest imaginations.
Try explaining to the youth of today what life was like before Mobile phones and Facebook.
The internet has since changed the communications world,  
The Internet Took on the old established Land Lines and phone network.
Internet has  taken on encyclopedias and books
When was the last time you went to a library to read an Encyclopedias.
You don't need a book now to understand a new subject. you now have a whole world of information and how 2 videos on almost any subject in the world in your pocket.
Internet has taken on the TV and Video stores.
I remember when our 3 Channel network went to 4 Chanel's.
Now we have unlimited channels and the Netflix's of the world.
You want to see yourself on TV, Simply make a video and upload to you tube.
Internet has taken on the newspapers and print journalism
Internet has taken on the established News outlets and something new is emerging - just look at the Fake news and facebook propagation of news.
Internet took on and replaced Maps, kids of today will more than likely give you a blank look if you provide an OS printed map for them to go from A to B. They much prefer the internet telling them when to turn left.
Internet took on music, again we hear a song we like we just ask the internet to add it to our playlist.
The list of industries the Internet has taken on and changed forever is endless, and any industry so far untouched will not be untouched for much longer.
The Internet does not move in straight lines but all lines at the same time it does not sleep,it is not controlled by a single person or entity. The Internet simply does not care for your industry,  
The Internet has now turned to the banking industry.  
I believe now corporations, governments will try to influence the direction the internet heads as it devours the banking industry.
The equivalent of AOL and Compuserve will emerge such as the libre coin from corporations, the Fedcoin or Goldcoin will emerge from the banking industry/Governments but eventually the internet will do what the internet has always done. It will break down the walled gardens and make something new.
Now don't get me wrong, I'm not saying Bitcoin is the end result. Just Ask Jeeves, pretty sure he didn't see the algorithm of google wiping out Yahoo and MSN search. Something better may evolve. The more time passes and the bitcoin network survives the many attacks, its had or about to have, the more likely it is the Bitcoin network simply becomes another branch of the internet that people forget what life was like before hand.
It wont be a question of a USD Value to Bitcoin, But rather how much value Bitcoin is to the Internet.
Having said all that, I’m really excited to see what happens when the Internet takes on the governments of the world. Cryptocurrency is likely to simply be a side show.
ok sorry enough  procrastination , back to work.
@_date: 2019-10-24 17:54:44
With a pure guess of 90% of the worlds cash as digital assets. I'd say if they quantum solve encryption and quantum encryption not been done then there will be more to worry about than bitcoin