@_author: liquidthex
@_date: 2017-12-11 01:48:45
I just printed my first test of it on Teflin paper with my Inkjet:
Front: 
Back: 
@_date: 2017-12-10 23:10:24
This is the one I made for gifting my family this christmas. I hope you enjoy! (I have the PSD if you want)
Rename them to just front-300dpi-custom.jpg and back-300dpi-custom.jpg in your bitcoinpaperwallet/images folder. Don't use my site to generate them I might change it at any time.
@_date: 2015-08-28 09:01:59
Yeah because they have secret coinbase agents making local bitcoin buys in all the major markets to determine who's selling their bitcoins! those devious corporate devils!
@_date: 2015-08-21 02:04:41
Wow, for me it was a NIGHTMARE signing up for Coinbase. For 2 months straight I could not verify my bank account through the website and their support were completely incompetent. They suggested I use the android app to link my bank, which worked. Wonderful, they don't develop their website.
After that I tried to do identity verification to increase my instant availability limit to the limits advertised on their website and once again their system fails. It tells me that it found my records but that it has a newer address on file for me, which is just wrong there is no newer address. I once again contacted the completely useless support who told me that there is no other way to verify my identity other than their automated system, and that I must be making some kind of error in the input check my spelling and try again. I know how to spell my own name.
At this point I really just wanted to talk to a human to resolve this and quickly found out this company, who wants a mountain of personal information from you, does not themselves actually have contact information. After I found out their robotic support wouldn't be able to help me I really just wanted my personal information removed from their system because I became afraid of their company. Support completely cut off responses after that request.
I would never have thought that what appears to be the  site to buy bitcoins would be this SHADY.