@_author: liquid_demo
@_date: 2017-04-19 07:49:09
Why would a UASF with minority of mining power demand a higher price than the one with a stronger proof of work?
There was some hand wavy 'because the economic majority yar dee yar' going on here which I strongly disagree with.
Allow me to illustrate with an example.
If you go here...  and run this, I will wipe out all dust transactions and the mtgox hacked coins.
Because there are less coins in available yet everyone still has access to their bitcoin their valuation is clearly &gt; old BTC value right?
You see why that is so absurd to say.   A UASF is going to be worth LESS than the stronger chain even with the economic majority.  During the uncertainty people will ditch their coins for fiat or another cryptocurrency (at least that's what I will do).
Wait for a week or two for one of those chains to fail and buy back in on the strongest chain a week or two later when it's cheaper due to the disruption.
I could be wrong, perhaps people will happily hold onto their UASF coins while they plummet in value but I seriously doubt it.
Happy to hear others explain why they would value a weaker chain as worth more than the current chain though.
@_date: 2017-04-19 14:35:32
I'm not antisegwit at all!  I do however believe it should be tested on litecoin first, simply because... well if there is a problem I'd prefer it to be discovered on another chain first before exploited on bitcoin chain.  Screwing around with pioneering unproven tech on a live billion dollar system seems bloody stupid to me.  BTC price is still near an ATH which demonstrates it is not currently broken.  (Yes I know it isn't ideal too though)
I am however very cautious about UASF... it's incredibly risky for little upside, defeats what bitcoin is about and my hunch is will fail anyhow.  If the economic incentive is there the miners will adopt it.  Show the advantage in another coin first, show bitcoin losing value, that will get the miners to fall in line to protect the asset.
  
@_date: 2017-04-19 11:39:44
A simpler way to ruin those miners is to get everyone to sell their coins right now to show they've lost confidence, devalue the commodity to represent their confidence in it and perhaps buy into another coin that supports the features they're after (seg-wit, sharding, maleability fix, whatever, etc..)
You may think this is crazy at first but imagine the exchanges one day saying to you 
**'You can't have your bitcoin because instead we will only allow you to withdraw globalexchange coin where we have done a 1-1 swap for you".  **
They'd be outrage yet this is exactly what is being proposed!  The only difference is it's not called globalexchange coin but bitcoin_UASF.
I.e. this is going to be a shitstorm and damaging btc reputation when it clearly is still working well.  If btc is broken, people should simply be dumping it for another coin themselves IMHO and this is how better cryptocurrencies appear through evolution, not revolution.
