@_author: liquidicity
@_date: 2017-12-06 09:50:27
yea thats what I tell myself all the time, but easier said than done unfortunately
@_date: 2017-12-05 13:59:11
quite honestly, I have no idea ... i think i'm still in the "does not compute" phase, where i'm struggling to cope with the idea that i threw away millions. I hope this turns into some other feeling ... but at the moment i just feel "meh" all day ... every day, almost in a way like "nothing even matters anymore" ...
@_date: 2017-12-05 11:52:50
this might get burried but anyway ... so I guess I can share
I was kind of invested in the silkroad back in 2010 - 12. All the transactions were done in BTC and having over 3000 BTC just "laying around" was quite normal back then ... as you might or might not know, things got dark in the darknet and the platform for got raided ... so I did the only logical thing for me at that time ... I sold everything I had &amp; could as fast as possible including tumbling my coins and getting my money out as long as I could ... I sold most of them for ~ 70€/BTC. 
I didn't think much of it at that time ... I just wanted to get the fuck out. Now, even though I'm pretty successful in my new job, there's not one day that goes by that I don't think what could have been. I find myself awake at night wondering why I didn't just keep the god damn things ... after all, I didn't really need the money at that point.
There's this lingering feeling/voice that always reminds you of your "bigges fuck-up". I can relate to your brothers feelings, it's not only the missed out opportunity, it's this feeling/voice that reminds you of it. It's similar like the feeling you get if you think about something embarrassing you did as a child/teenager and you feel shitty for a second or two until you shake it off. Now, not only is this hard to shake off as something you did when you were young and stupid, it's also quite likely the biggest fuckup that you can do in your lifetime and it's not only your brain that reminds you of it, it is everywhere these days, everything constantly reminding you of "what a failure you are" for not sticking with it and quite honestly, if I didn't have my job, my cat and my brothers &amp; parents, maybe some of the awake nights I would not only contemplate ...