@_author: liraz
@_date: 2014-07-22 17:37:00
I'm one of the BitKey developers and I agree 100%. There are many ways a tainted air-gapped system can betray you, including smuggling out your secret keys via covert channel (e.g., USB keys, high frequency sound, covert activation of Bluetooth/wifi chipset, etc.)
But it turns out there are ways of creating highly secure Bitcoin transactions offline without having to trust the system performing the transaction. Do that and you can mostly dispense with having to trust third parties like me.
I just wrote a blog post about that:
[The closest you can get to perfectly secure Bitcoin transactions (without doing them in your head)](
@_date: 2014-07-22 18:11:35
For what it's worth I use an Intel NUC with no SSD for my air-gap. It doesn't have a wifi card (only an antenna).
I'm also trying to figure out the best way to port BitKey to my Raspberry Pi.
@_date: 2014-07-23 10:53:07
Two things can help:
1) build BitKey from source. The above arrangement is going to be harder to hide in source code.
2) Don't use the BitKey's random number generator. Don't use BitKey's random number generator. Don't use BitKey's random number generator.
Use dice to create a single private key, or if you want more privacy, the  seed for a deterministic wallet.
@_date: 2014-07-22 17:40:49
Hi, I'm one of the BitKey developers. Compiling your own code can help but only to a point because you still need to trust the compiler, and the compiler of the compiler, etc.
Using a solution that has a good reputation isn't enough because that only protects you from direct malicious behavior on the part of the developers of that solution. It doesn't protect you against someone hacking into their systems and corrupting the development process without their cooperation or knowledge (e.g., preferably by corrupting the compiler)
This is a hard problem to solve but the good news is that there are ways around it:
@_date: 2014-07-22 18:05:05
Let's assume the distro is compromised. You are running an evil version of BitKey that will do anything it can to rob you blind given the chance.
What you can do is transfer the unsigned transaction to the distro before it has access to the wallet's secret keys. Then you unplug everything, sign the transaction and transmit it to a phone via QRcode. You verify the transaction's inputs and outputs on the phone.
Then you immediately power off the airgapped computer and leave it powered off for a few minutes to clear out the wallet's secret keys.
If you do this on an air-gapped computer that has no hard drive, WIFI, bluetooth, or sound card there is no way evil BitKey can communicate your private keys to Evil BitKey Developer. If it tries creating a false transaction, you can catch that with your phone, assuming that hasn't also been compromised.
Of course you also need to avoid using the Random Number Generator in BitKey to create your wallet. Instead you create it from a deterministic seed which you provide yourself.
@_date: 2014-07-22 17:55:10
For a solution to be useful it needs to be better than the alternatives, not perfect. No solution will ever provide you with perfect security and people routinely trade off security for convenience. Note the popularity of web based Bitcoin wallets, accessed from a general purpose PC that is installed, configured and used by a person who is not and will never be a security expert. That might do for very low value wallets that you wouldn't mind losing. For anything beyond that it is madness.
In its current form BitKey itself doesn't impose any specific usage model. It's just a pre-integrated swiss army knife of Bitcoin tools built on top of Debian. You can build your own customized version of that from source if you're worried about what's in the published binary. Of course, you still need to be careful not to cut yourself. I agree 100% that it would be foolish to rely only on an air-gap because there are too many ways around that.
What's interesting is that it turns out you can use a solution like BitKey, even an evil version of BitKey, to get as close to perfectly secure Bitcoin transactions as is currently possible without doing the transaction in your head:
@_date: 2014-07-22 17:44:05
Truer words were never spoken. Random Number Generators are the perfect hiding place for backdoors. The best solution for high value wallets is to not to rely on a Random Number Generator. Bring your own entropy. Use dice:
@_date: 2015-09-01 14:03:14
That doesn't jibe with my experience hacking on well designed open source tools. You're only limited if you don't want to touch the code. Otherwise you can pretty much do anything. The only relevant question is not whether it would be possible but whether it would be easy just to start from scratch.
For example, the amount of effort required to bring the old Blockexplorer PHP code up to par with Insight would have been orders of magnitude more difficult. It was much easier to hack Insight to support the blockexplorer stuff.
@_date: 2015-09-01 13:56:52
You're ruining the upstate farm for me.
@_date: 2015-09-01 00:50:10
Blockexplorer maintainer here. For the record, the site is unaffiliated with BitPay or anyone else in the Bitcoin space for that matter. I migrated the site to Insight after the old PHP code sadly gave out choking on the blockchain spam:
Theymos wrote the original code but he passed the torch to me a couple of years ago and hasn't been involved since. I am the only one to blame for any issues with blockexplorer.
@_date: 2015-09-01 01:01:13
Blockexplorer.com maintainer here. It really was just a coincidence. The site was just under heavy maintenance at the time and there were still a few bugs that need to be ironed out from the Insight migration.
@_date: 2015-09-01 01:05:58
FWIW, all the problems that used to plague  blockexplorer.com have all been fixed now that the migration to Insight has been completed:
Since the old PHP code on the blockexplorer.com site was busy choking on blockchain spam for a couple of months I wouldn't have listed it on any respectable list of blockchain explorers myself.
@_date: 2015-09-01 00:57:03
Blockexplorer.com maintainer here. The problems with 
the old version of the site should be resolved now. I finished
migrating the site to Insight:
FWIW, there were still a few kinks when I started the migration close to the time that OP link was posted. Let me know if you run into any other issues.
@_date: 2015-09-01 13:33:47
Great idea. I added that to the top of the About section.
@_date: 2015-09-01 00:58:57
Blockexplorer.com maintainer here. FWIW, all the issues that plagued the old PHP version of the site should be resolved now that I've migrated the site to a modified version of BitPay's Insight:
@_date: 2015-09-01 11:55:43
Done. Is this any better?
@_date: 2015-09-01 00:36:29
Blockexplorer.com maintainer here. I broke that API call when I  migrated the site to Insight:
Didn't think people found that call useful but it turns out some do so I just patched the blockexplorer version of the Insight API to support this:
The new api call is at /api/addr-validate/ADDRESS but 
I also setup a redirection so the old URL works from /q/checkaddress.
FWIW, this works a bit differently than the old PHP implementation. It passes the address to Bitcore and returns true/false instead of returning the address "version".
 
@_date: 2015-09-01 13:55:55
Counting in hex is cool but I'm a bit wary of confusing the vast majority of people who have never heard of tonal. Hell will freeze over and DVORAK will be the default keyboard layout before regular people use this. Yes, it is technically a superior counting system but it has Metcalfe law against it and hasn't gained any traction against decimal since the 19th century.
On the flip side, if enough people bug me about it then I might be able to add this as a representation mode. Currently you can view values on the blockchain in BTC, mBTC, USD, etc.
Regarding updating the site I think the best way of doing that long term would be to collaborate with everybody else that is developing and using Insight rather than just running off on my own and risk getting stranded on a branch that never gets merged back in and becomes a "hard" fork. At the moment I'm thinking the best way to contribute would be to leverage TurnKey tools and infrastructure to make it easier for people to setup their own instance and just play with it. The less friction the better.
would be to contribute back to Insight and participating rather than increasing the delta between blockexplorer's 
@_date: 2015-09-01 12:30:48
Need to take a look and see if I can figure out how to fix this myself. In the meantime I created an issue for this on the Insight API repo on GitHub:
