@_author: litemantoo
@_date: 2014-01-03 02:10:51
can we stop the anti-litecoin circle-jerk?  warren togami (lead litecoin dev) has contributed to the security of the bitcoin client.
litecoin devs have contributed recently to bitcoin improvements too.
I know sources are helpful so here is one of many -
How about some maturity here?  LTC is going to stay.  It will be  but why not just accept it at this point that it is good for Bitcoin at minimum to have a backup blockchain?  Especially one running on sCrypt which is not NSA approved.
-edit I am sure I just wasted my time and downvotes to oblivion will rain down on this before anyone does any research into the work Litecoin devs have done recently that has benefitted both coins
@_date: 2014-01-11 09:29:11
Litecoin devs have funded/done a lot of work on p2pool for coming up on a year.  The litecoin community has put its money where its mouth is.
This is one of many reasons Litecoin helps Bitcoin.
Please see the link for Litecoin devs spending the community donations for things that directly also benefit Bitcoin.  I would be pleased to see people open their eyes here and see Litecoin as a helpful little brother, not a threat.
We all know LTC will always be a tiny fraction of BTC value.  That does not mean it is not serious now in its own small way.
Would love to see the day that the BTC sub lists the LTC sub as related as we spend a lot of money on work that directly helps both.
-Or are we still at the point this gets downvote bombed?  Why not check my source and see how much Litecoin is doing for Bitcoin owners, in its own small way?  (and that was months ago - a lot more has happened since then)
@_date: 2014-03-31 10:57:55
They have received no communication from any Chinese authority about any pending regulations.
@_date: 2014-01-07 10:08:14
They said they are only adding Litecoin.  Only Litecoin.  No other alts.  They are not dead.  Huge market in Asia even if USA gives them middle finger so USA can give an advantage domestically to "connected" Valley/CIA circles in running things in the west.
-let the downvotes rain but Mt Gox was so important for getting BTC to where it is, and if you have been around at all you know they deserve some respect for that.  Also for pointing out that Valley is now CIA/NSA headquarters - not popular when talking in this sub - but have you read the news last year?
@_date: 2014-01-11 09:42:56
if it is TL:DR -
"We have implemented a p2pool scanner which allows people to find public p2pool nodes in their countries so that they can mine on p2pool without having to set anything up  (currently under maintenance)"
We have worked with p2pool developer forrestv to make appropriate modifications to the p2pool in effort to increase long-term health of the network (hence the upcoming new version of p2pool)
They have done a lot more since, this was the start, but have been directly funding original p2pool developer since 2013.
There is a lot more at Litecointalk.org a lot has been done to pay back Bitcoin for its inspiration and make meaningful repeated contributions.  Another is addressing blockchain bloat, among so many others that help both coins.
@_date: 2014-03-31 11:40:58
Yes, BTCChina just recently began trading Litecoin.  So they are new to the Litecoin community.
They will take international accounts now, and offer BTC/LTC and you can buy vouchers to get cash in for BTC/CNY or LTC/CNY - even if you don't live in China!
@_date: 2013-12-19 06:05:41
Most people did not get a chance to be early adopters of Bitcoin.  Everyone gets to be an early adopter of Litecoin.  You underestimate the community behind Litecoin.  It does not have to offer anything "special."  If Bitcoin succeeds Litecoin will also succeed because enough people will DEMAND its acceptance, so they can also be "smart early adopters."  Granted it will not have the value of BTC - but everyone here should just resign themselves to the fact that little brother LTC is not going anywhere.
@_date: 2013-12-14 14:17:53
you should have seen the hell litecoin went through to get on wikipedia.
there were dedicated bitcoin wiki mods who kept it off even after the market cap was OVER $65,000,000.  This was back in the days when Namecoin had a marketcap of $2,000,000 - yet it had a page, for some reason some BTC, I am not sure what to call them?  fanboys?  Are so afraid of Litecoin they are at war, talk about an inferiority complex.
People need to realize there will be two MAJOR cryptos and probably more.  Accept reality.  Litecoin now has consistently the highest trade volume in China and Russia over BTC.  Maybe BTC rules the USA, but most of the world lives elsewhere....and they are choosing LTC in droves.
no your article does not deserve to be there.
if the scrutiny applied to LTC was applied to all of Wikipedia half the site would disapear.
@_date: 2013-12-12 13:58:18
really sorry to hear this Mike.
regulations crushing entrepreneurs again.
@_date: 2013-12-12 14:02:59
For a nation supposedly known for engineers, mathematicians, and comp sci people...
ur LATE.
@_date: 2013-12-19 06:25:10
also - just two months ago it was 1 LTC/.01 BTC approximately.  Now it is much more, hovering around ~0.27-0.3.
@_date: 2013-12-12 14:00:57
Unless you are one of the politically connected chosen by VC, and all the insiders, you are not allowed to innovate anymore in this country.
Welcome to crony-capitalism.
I am SURE a big wall street VC, Silicon Valley connected type will raise the $100 million to meet regulations and steal Mike's business model in the next year..
so sad...
@_date: 2013-12-04 15:28:20
I have used BTC-E from the states for years and NEVER had a problem.
I think this is more about noobs -
Recently, we started to receive  claims because of the long-time credit of funds transferred by SEPA / WireTransfer. "The main problem is that some of our clients have a negligent attitude to the control of the field Details of Payment. As the result it takes an additional time to find your money. Please, make sure, that  the information Details of Payment is always present in the document of transfer, do not shorten it, don not  use your account username."
@_date: 2013-12-27 07:58:23
Gold is so powerful an idea in India their bank has taxed it 6% because no one trusts fiat - they would rather buy jewelry at a 15% premium than buy a bank CD - can you imagine the Bitcoin frenzy if the people their truly grasp its power??  I have been telling my Indian relatives Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin!!
If cryptocurrency ever got going in India it would be the end of fiat and the end of the corrupt Nehru-Ghandi Congress party dynasty.
Trust me - the corrupt Indian establishment fears Bitcoin in their black shrunken hearts.
This is a country run on "black" money kickbacks, bribery, and they have limits on how much you can move out of the country (it is ridiculously small like $10,000).
Bitcoin is a huge threat to the Indian corrupt elite.  India has so much potential if they would ever throw off the yoke of the oppressors.  
Literally what happened in 1947 is that the British left so that Indian elites could rape and pillage the country even worse than the British had.  The Mahatma was a useful idiot for Nehru.
-Oh before you downvote me for "racism" or some western PC crime please understand HALF my family is INDIAN.  I know how the system works because I have seen it with my own eyes - cryptocurrency is a threat to them even more so than it is to China.  Hopefully it will force the country to modernize and treat their people to more opportunity.
@_date: 2013-12-14 14:28:57
sigh, great way to think like an American about an issue in China.
They, generally, do not look for ways to defy the rulers of the PRC, or to possibly piss them off, people there are conservative and for good reason.
I would expect Bobby Lee and Charles Lee know what they are talking about.
The only good news is Litecoin will be on BTC-China soon - did you see the look on his face when he said "We don't have an announcement, yet..."
Bobby will beat Gox on this one, strange LTC volume of trade daily in both China and Russia is now HIGHER than total BTC volume of trade.  Wild.
TL:DR - Bobby Lee and Charles Lee know what they are talking about and you dont "F" around with the PRC CCP if you are in their jurisdiction.
@_date: 2013-12-14 14:33:41
crony capitalism and centralization and corruption.
this libertarian dream is dying fast whether it is the mining elite or the fact that a few mega rich hold all the coins or that difficulty in 2014 will lock out everyone from mining but a super corporate elite...
welcome to the new bosses same as the old ones
crypto will not succeed until it is distributed and decentralized.
@_date: 2013-12-19 06:08:06
This should be the number 1 story on this page, I suspect it was not voted up because it includes Litecoins.  Which shows pettiness and immaturity in this sub.  This is huge news for BTC.  Bigger than China at this stage imho.
/prepares for down votes from "BTC or nothing" brigades
@_date: 2013-12-19 06:22:14
Litecoin was just added to the  China exchange, so 2/4 Chinese exchanges offer it.
LTC ASICS are coming 2014, and everything that comes with that.
The number of stores accepting payment in Litecoin is growing at an exponential rate.
LTC has a serious and well funded dev team, and the LTC association has gotten off the ground as a legal non-profit foundation.
Again, I am not saying it is technically better, but there will be more than one crypto currency or there will be none.
I pity the person who only holds BTC instead of a portfolio of coins.
It may be that LTC becomes the dominant coin of Russia and Eastern European companies and marginal is the west - even if that happens it will have significant value.
I am only sharing the fact that LTC is not going anywhere, it is growing more quickly than BTC was when BTC was as old as LTC is now actually.
@_date: 2013-12-12 14:06:06
A high net worth individual or group made the right bet on BTC at the right time.
However the difficulty is going to go nuts next year, those deposits will fall dramatically by April, unless it is all reinvested in new mining gear.