@_author: lithographic
@_date: 2014-04-25 06:40:17
I don't think it's possible without constant surveillance. Most people who commit crimes do so because they think they'll get away with it. Consider, for example, the kind of guys who build intricate [basement dungeons]( to keep sex slaves in. It's not very common, BUT it illustrates that the perpetrator goes to such lengths in order to avoid getting caught. At least long enough until he is satiated. Likewise, the number of child porn rings that get caught likely aren't representative of whole populations or single perpetrators who don't share material. This occurs despite having entire organizations devoted to investigation and punishment of such behavior. There's no way you could think to eliminate it without logging all behaviors or having some sort of punishing/rehabilitation force like we have now.
-As a side note, sufficiently realistic simulation of vice behaviors might cut down the problem at its source, but the current trends show that a place where such things are possible is also a place with massive datacenters to log both desirable and undesirable behavior. Facebook just bought Oculus Rift, for example, which actually makes sense long-term for the stability and revenue of the platform. It might culminate in [the Metaverse]( but that place is definitely going to have logs of *everything*. -
Then you have people who don't agree with another person's ideology on principle. You could say that most middle-class people are reasonably satiated, and most studies on happiness show that further satiation does not increase happiness so much as the jump from the lower to middle class.
Now consider the Tea Party. It's made up mainly of middle class white people whose only purpose is to put a lockdown on ideologies they don't agree with. The people they are against generally do not threaten their status or class structure, but they do threaten their ideology.
Even in a region with a stable all-encompassing ideology and a reasonably sated society, extremist groups can still gain traction to upset the status quo. Christianity itself was originally a tiny cult that defied Roman polytheism. Roman religion was actually fairly lax about accepting other religions, seeing foreign gods as legitimate parts of the pantheon. Most other Europeans were also polytheistic and found it easier to accept Roman gods into their own pantheons (given, it was illegal not to, but it doesn't appear to have caused any mass movements even when most citizens were from the provinces).
Christianity's original source of contention was its rejection of all other gods. This didn't sit well with the Romans, who saw such behavior as subversive to state interests (compare with CIA crackdowns on rural compounds). Christian ideology has proven again and again that it will infiltrate an area until it replaces the local power structure. Somehow this tendency, intentional or not, is pretty transparent to the people who fight it. This is why the Japanese government banned it in the 1400s, why the Chinese kept the Jesuits under strict state surveillance, and why most Muslim and Buddhist states attempt to keep it under control to this day.
Any viral ideology in the *ideal* resource-independent anarchy would likely be rooted in Tall Poppy Syndrome, universal morality (prohibitionists), eusociality vs. individualism (the argument we are having right now, actually), views on cosmology (ie religion), or discrimination (any assertion that it can be completely eliminated it laughable). Scientology is actually another example of an entity that successfully uses unwholesome methods on its followers and promotes inequality. Despite bad press it's still fairly popular. If you see their advertising, they're actually pretty good about dressing up their whole deal as harmless and even beneficial. In a lawless society there really wouldn't be anyone to reign them in if shit hit the fan.