@_author: littleawareness
@_date: 2019-04-11 20:15:10
While those things may be true, Silk Road's alleged owner was also an early adopter but seemingly also did crimes. It should not shock people that people who may be accused of doing bad things also seek out anonymous solutions. McAfee is also an important early figure and also possibly somewhat criminal. So Asanage may be an early part of Bitcoin's history it does not mean he is innocent of crimes. I would say when the people in power now have been on record saying "I love Wikileaks" the leaders in this age of tyranny are pre Asanage so I am not sure this is that. We just need to see what the charges are and the evidence. Had he taken asylum and "disappeared" like Satoshi he would not have been expelled, he even broke the rules given to him by the very people that were protecting him.
@_date: 2019-05-18 17:38:50
I currently have a check for 3,000 and it is actually just paper without electricity. Even when all things go great my bank will take the check and digitize the paper and hold the value of said paper for up to 21 days depending on the account. Then to access that money I again need electricity and some customer support. Even if I lived outside of the banking world the checking cashing store needed electricity and raped me on fees. Banks that you are giving credit for being greater than Bitcoin in their early days they were robbed and you could lose it all. Even today only a part of your money is insured. When these banks commit fraud and sold shit products to their customers and were on the verge of total collapse it was welfare from not their customers, the taxpayers, that saved them and whatever money that you have digitized. The Feds, well they would view a large amount of cash as suspicious and likely seize it without a trial. You then have to prove you are not a criminal and there are fees for that. Or you can be like a lot of americans and be part of the overdraft fees that paid banks billions. In other words banks made billions off their poor customers. If there is no electricity debit system goes down. Paper is just paper. I have some stock certificates that were once worth millions, not the paper has more value. All currency has some risk, see Venezuela. But you could be onto something so send me your coins and I will make sure to take care of them.