@_author: littercoin
@_date: 2018-01-08 15:23:00
Check out openlittermap.com - a litter mapping citizen science game to map and open up data on plastic pollution anywhere and pay people for their efforts in littercoin.
There are currently over 50 trillion pieces of plastic in our oceans, 50 times more than the number of stars in our galaxy- much of which is only starting to degrade into microplastics. By 2025 it is expected there will be 70 million tonnes of plastic entering the sea. By 2050 it is expected there will be more plastic in the ocean than fish. Mapping and Opening up data on the pre-marine terrestrial characteristics of plastic pollution is one of the most realistic ways to mitigate this threat however few cities/people are interested in revealing the pollution caused by the products of private companies.
Despite 100s of millions of smartphones and considering the abundance of littered cigarette butts, plastic bottles etc., litter mapping is a geospatial revolution waiting to take off in 2018.
But it needs support! For a list of updates since the launch in April 2017 see instagram.com/openlittermap
@_date: 2018-01-10 20:57:51
Feel welcome to start collecting data, and use the current web-app in the mean time if you can't wait any longer xD 
@_date: 2018-01-02 18:18:06
Dear Pine,
Please consider a donation to the OpenLitterMap.com project - a citizen science game to enable anyone to map and open up data on plastic pollution anywhere &amp; pay people in Littercoin for their efforts. 
Plastic pollution was first recognised to have a global distribution in the marine environment as early as 1975 (Rees and Pond, 1995). In 2010 alone, 8-12 million tonnes of plastic made its way from land to sea, which by 2025 is expected to increase to more than 70 million tonnes, assuming current trends continue (Jambeck et al., 2015).
Mapping and Opening up data on litter, plastic pollution anywhere will give the scientific and geospatial community the data needed to educate society and enforce better rules and improve public services, making our existing public services more cost-effective at stopping plastic reaching the ocean and saving us trillions in environmental damage.
There are now more than 50 trillion pieces of plastic in the ocean, more than 500 times the number of stars in our galaxy. 
We have not been able to stop plastic reaching the ocean. I would love to give the PineappleFund a chance to make a big impact by supporting the OpenLitterMap and Littercoin project!
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:11:14
Working on ML right now with a friend actually. Using the image classifications as features we hope to train image recognition models to offer hints to future images without manual validation. The reason we took this approach and looked and verified each item in excruciating detail is so we can build up a trusted dataset to inform ML which we hope to pilot in 2018 + native mobile apps which we are also supporting the development of @ 
As well as individual pics of litter its also possible to map and log an entire beach or street clean in 1 photo. There are currently 2 stages of verification and we are looking at a 3rd post-ML.
The idea is to open up data that the geospatial community, city council and others can use to improve the cost-effectiveness, implementation and evaluation of existing public services. Littering costs taxpayers millions in nearly every country every year for cleanup intervention and management and trillions more in the impact that plastic pollution has on particularly marine ecosystems, where it becomes significantly more difficult and expensive to deal with. A lot of good being done by The Ocean Cleanup and voluntary litter pickers and this needs to be complemented by more research done on the crowdsourced geospatial mapping of the degraded coastal and pre marine characteristics of litter to help stop millions of tonnes of plastic entering the sea and to improve our knowledge of where and when to apply cleanup efforts, bin locations, etc. With the GeoBlockchain we are also pioneering we are paying people 1 Littercoin a week for mapping and opening up data on litter every day. What happens next is anyones guess, but it is an exciting field and going to make significant progress in 2018 and beyond. ML will be a big help but it needs trusted, verified data. The service is also steadily making improvements as my self taught coding skills progressively improve and I would love to bring some others on the team but few are interested in working pro bono even for this important cause.
I did my second masters dissertation for a MSc in Coastal &amp; Marine Environments on a litter mapping methodology which I am still working on today, 2 and a half years later :D - one of the most realistic ways of educating society about what the UN has recently called a planetary crisis (which was first recognised to have a global distribution in the marine environment as early as 1975) is by mapping and opening up data and by empowering people to crowdsource data with their smartphones. Litter mapping is an excellent way of communicating how an individuals actions can directly result in less-destructive environmental damage. For example it is not that easy to see the result of not driving on climate change, but it is very clear how improved public services + knowledge of why not to litter can result in less plastic on the streets and ending up in the oceans. I think litter mapping is the most characteristic aspect of the anthropocene and empowering people to map and open up data on plastic has deserved my full attention and energy since 2014.
The site is very much in its infancy as I am a self taught developer and there are lots of updates and surprises yet to come
Here is a ted talk I did recently 
Would love to bring someone else on my team to give me a hand with UX/UI!
Cheers :-) 
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:25:46
Thank you! An image a day keeps the litter away, it's like pokemon go with blockchain rewards :-)
@_date: 2018-01-10 20:57:16
will do, thanks for the tip! &lt;3 
@_date: 2018-01-11 15:44:48
Some seriously kick-ass projects being funded. So happy that MAPS and Erowid have been donated to. They have inspired me from day 1 of my early activist drug-policy reform years. PS Most litter is drug related, smoking and alcohol related waste. Check out my other project too druglitter.info we have been collecting data on used paraphernalia in Cork and Dublin, Ireland over the last 2 years to inform and evaluate policy and are helping national authorities locate and evaluate the implementation of Ireland's first medically supervised injection centre. TLDR- I am one of the co-founders of SSDP in Ireland.
@_date: 2018-01-09 09:45:51
Thanks! The Philippines is one country that needs a lot of help and attention when it comes to battling plastic pollution. I am trying to incentivize people to use the platform with a payment in Littercoin which let’s say cafes could exchange as a discount for a coffee, and accumulate to show their appreciation for the openlittermap community. But ultimately the main incentive is to open up data that the city councils and others can use to improve existing services and make educational material to change behavior. There is a small bit of data in ph feel welcome to add to it :-) 
@_date: 2018-01-09 08:48:36
Openlittermap will only accept geotagged images which is needed to automate the mapping and geospatial analysis. Instructions on how to activate geotagging and sent out in a welcome email on signup. Sometimes a tree or building can also knock out the connection with a satellite. You don’t need WiFi or data to make the satellite connection but you do need to make sure your phones settings are correct. There is also a GPS bug with iOS 11.1 which was fixed with iOS 11.2. On iOS, simply open settings &gt; privacy &gt; location services = on and camera = while using. On android open the camera, go to camera settings and enable geotagging. On some android devices you must also turn on GPS via the top down menu bar. If you have any trouble let me know! The whole process will get a lot easier when we launch mobile apps in 2018. 
@_date: 2018-01-11 01:27:14
On the topic of shrooms I’m going to be launching a shroom mapping project once openlittermap.com has been developed to the standard I want. Not to a hyper spatial scale where people can see specific fields or clusters, but abstracted to something more generalized. Watch out :-) 
@_date: 2018-05-12 20:19:08
You're a legend Pine! Seriously, hero of our time. I had hoped you would take an interest in [openlittermap.com]( to complement the openstreetmap, green steps, wild me, and sustainable oceans alliance investments as you said yourself "*$250k go to OpenStreetMap, because geographic data for our world should be freely available, without restrictions"*. OpenLitterMap extends this to blockchain, and is the first project applying proof\-of\-work principles to Citizen Science, rewarding users with Littercoin \(erc20\) for the production of open geospatial data on plastic pollution, which has been of urgent concern for decades. Sharing your support of open data, all OpenLitterMap data is free and open \- you don't even need an account \( [openlittermap.com/maps/UK/download]( \), and 100&amp; of data has been manually verified which I will be using to train ML once I can figure that out...currently finishing up week 3 of Andrew Ng's coursera and developing mobile apps. I am a self taught developer developing this project independently without funding since I wrote the methodology for my masters dissertation, which is exactly how OpenStreetMap began. My first peer\-reviewed software publication will be released soon \(Lynch, S., \(2018\)., [OpenLitterMap.com]( \- Open Data on Plastic Pollution with Blockchain Rewards \(Littercoin\)., *Open Geospatial Data, Software, and Standards.,* \(in press\). I know you don't think this is worthy of an investment, but I would have loved to have featured you prominently in the article, which I hope will generate a lot of interest in the new "GeoBlockchain" rewards space I am trying to pioneer. Please do keep an eye out for my paper and if you are interested check out my [instagram.com/OpenLitterMap]( and [twitter.com/OpenLitter]( . Love you Pine, if you are ever in Ireland I'd love to buy you a few beers. I am very excited to see how your investments unfold. You are a hero! Hopefully $5 crowdfunding contributions can bring OpenLitterMap to the next stage! If anyone would like to be a mini\-pine please consider supporting the forthcoming OpenLitterMap Foundation bringing you Littercoin and open data on plastic pollution \&lt;3
@_date: 2018-08-27 16:02:46
I would have loved your help pine!
@_date: 2018-03-01 23:20:09
How come no one sent me this email??
@_date: 2018-02-17 21:28:00
You are an inspiration Pine! That was a great read! If you are ever in Ireland I would like to buy you a beer. My site OpenLitterMap.com uses several of the organisations you have funded including OpenStreetMap and LetsEncrypt. Keep an eye out for Littercoin - mined exclusively by producing open geospatial data on plastic pollution. We have even started Machine Learning and have news for blockchain coming soon :-)   