@_author: little-jellyfish
@_date: 2016-10-17 05:14:15
I'm considering putting nearly $2000 into BTC alone, quite a risk but yeah. Say Hillary wins though, do you think it'd really have such a profound effect on the markets? I doubt it. I'm willing to lose btw.
Also in your opinion, what are the chances of Trump winning? Personally I think it's uncertain currently, but you have to realize something: he's polling only 4 points behind her in many polls, but also doing poorly in others (10-11 points behind according to some). 
However, while those polls aren't inaccurate indicators by any means, the last debates are this Wednesday, and if Trump manages to do well, then who knows! The other thing is this too: close to 10% of folks are voting for a third party (according to polls). Highest it has ever been in history, and it is possible that many of these third partiers will vote for either Hillary or Trump (Johnson supporters are more likely to go Trump, for those who decide to switch at the last minute).
You also need to factor in the amount of people who are generally quiet about who they're going to vote for. Polls are usually right, but not all the time, especially in this election, I think many folks are secretly (particularly white Americans) are going to go Trump. 
Do you really think he has a shot? Also I personally am pessimistic about partaking in this venture, in part because I find it hard to believe that the US Dollar - the most stable, the strongest, and the most predictable currency could ever suddenly "fall". Is it possible do you think? 
@_date: 2016-10-17 05:06:58
You think so? Also what do you mean by PM's?
@_date: 2016-10-17 06:08:10
Personal question, but how much are you willing to put in? Also when you say Trump cannot win, are you saying that he stands no chance, or that despite Hillary, you feel that America simply cannot "afford" to have Trump elected? 
I may of misinterpreted what you wrote, sorry.
@_date: 2016-10-17 07:51:53
Has BTC traditionally been similar to metals, in regards to it being fairly stable (or even) increasing in price in depressions/times of uncertainty?