@_author: littlefingerthebrave
@_date: 2015-10-26 06:00:06
Economics PhD student here (Finance specifically). I'm fine with the idea of cryptocurrency, and I'm OK with people trading Bitcoins outside of government regulation, but I think that Bitcoin is a really poor implementation of any currency scheme. I don't like Bitcoin as a currency because it's inherently deflationary. Bitcoin encourages hoarding by giving early adopters an insurmountable advantage in purchasing power, and by making it exponentially more difficult to mine bitcoins as the supply of bitcoins increase. Hoarding is bad because you want people to spend your currency in day-to-day transactions instead of waiting for it to appreciate. Furthermore, deflation discourages people from taking loans in that currency, which makes it even harder to expand the monetary supply to accommodate large increases in goods and services. Bitcoin is basically deflationary virtual gold, and we did not return to the gold standard precisely because it could not accommodate the exponential growth in goods and services required by a modern economy.
And I want to point out several problems with your post
1. I will accept any number of free bitcoins you give me, as long as there are no other conditions attached. Never reject free value.
2. Austrians are considered a joke in the Economics profession today, and new Keynesians are almost indistinguishable from their forerunners. If your friend takes the Austrian school seriously, I doubt he has actual economics training. 
3. The current divide is mostly between Monetarists vs new Kenyesians. Both believe that monetary policy, as dictated by an independent central bank, is primarily responsible for economic growth/contractions. While the Kenyesians believe that fiscal stimulus is an effective partner at solving recessions, Monetarists think fiscal stimulus is mostly irrelevant. Both accept central banking.
4. Many people who adopt Bitcoin are fearful of inflation, even though there is no reason to fear inflation at the moment. Printing money and lowering interest rates to zero may cause inflation, but this hasn't happened in the Fed's current implementation of monetary policy. Gold/silver/bitcoin are not an effective hedge against inflation. You can test both facts yourself by 1) plotting the monetary supply vs TIPS/Treasury spreads after 2007 and 2) plotting TIPS/Treasury spreads vs Commodity X (gold/silver/bitcoin etc.) after 1971 (when the gold standard was eliminated). In both cases, you'll see at best a weak relationship between the two variables. 