@_author: live_think_diagnosis
@_date: 2014-05-13 03:07:15
now kith
@_date: 2019-11-27 07:11:01
What he's saying is that the majority of the BTC is held by a minority, so the majority of bitcoiners don't actually have the majority of BTC.
@_date: 2019-11-28 00:10:56
Yep, that's the question I'm asking. "Is there an alternative?". You seem to have given your answer.
@_date: 2019-11-27 16:40:06
Imagine the provider is a young grandmother who's selling a popular brand of paperclips and is getting many purchases every day, handles it on her own due to her lack of technological assistants and, even though she knows a little bit of technology, it's just enough to finally follow her grandson's nagging (come on grandma, it's very easy and you'll be able to get all these crypto clients!). She finally opens an account on an exchange such as Bittrex or Binance and gets payment on the one address that these companies give her (usually being unable to create a new one).
I know it's far fetched, and that she could simply download a wallet software and create new addresses at will and forward the cash into the exchange, but I want to know if there is any extra possibility to authenticate beyond unique receiving addresses. This is mostly a general concern about all cryptocurrencies and not only Bitcoin. Some other currencies make it harder to dynamically create a thousand addresses (Steem addresses, for example, are created by paying the blockchain). And sometimes it's inconvenient for some people to create BTC addresses (like if they get payment in an exchange and don't have too much time to manage it).
@_date: 2019-11-06 00:57:04
I personally know people who work for minimum salary. A couple uncles and a few childhood friends. They also get state benefits like a bit of food (google Cajas CLAP), social insurance (it's really bad but it covers basic stuff) and things like that. They work that job full time and then they go do other stuff. They have days when they don't work and instead go to a subsidy day to stand in a line for like 3-4 hours to get products for cheap like meat (mostly meat) and rice. They all have secondary jobs in order to complement their salaries. One uncle does his driving and then in his building he presses elevator buttons or works as a concierge or manages the building's accounts (he's an accountant) every month, etc.
The money is practically symbolic. They work the jobs for the benefits and to feel like they're doing something. They do this because there is no better alternative for them. And yeah, they can't accept your salary because guess what, they don't have computers, internet or even know English. You gotta have well above minimum living standards to have all of that.
You could hire someone with that money to do a different job: find people who want to do the job you ask for the price you ask, give them internet, computers and a bilingual manager. Through a technological/bilingual proxy, you can indeed find low-income people who will work for even less ($100 a month would sound pretty neat for them). Since you aren't giving them any employment benefits, then the money will have to be the full bait, unlike the other situations I mentioned.
Good luck pal, don't bad-mouth without doing your research ;)
@_date: 2019-11-27 16:58:58
That's why I mentioned the technical capabilities of a service provider. Imagine it's a young grandmother selling photos she took and that she finally acquiesced to her naggy grandson and published them on his group "Bitcoin Maniacs". Her grandson is away because he's in an internment school and there's no one else at home who knows much about computers. She reads a guide about how to transform BTC into USD using Bittrex, creates an account and uses the Deposit address to sell to these people.
"but grandma, create 1000 addresses and put them in an array in a php server and iterate through them. Make it query your block explorer and check the fund status!"
That doesn't sound like instructions she could follow unless she paid someone to do it for her. What would you recommend for the slightly technologically savvy who are not quite there? I would personally be able to do this but I'm talking hypothetically about the general population.
Take into account that many of these Bittrex-like exchanges will allow you to have one address, you may sometimes create a new one and lose the old one, and you have a registry of which address is sending what. The only way I see is making buyers input their public address they're going to deposit from and use it after, and then she could verify the public address and the funds sent from it. It would, however, be risky if someone were to first send the funds and then say which address he sent them from, because then we fall again in a true authentication problem where someone could see a transfer and claim it for their own.
@_date: 2019-11-27 07:08:05
Usually can't find what I'm looking for with ddg. Only use it for piracy because it's not DMCA'd.