@_author: liveslowly
@_date: 2013-05-30 13:14:48
Yesterday, May 29th, after emailing Roman I received a letter from his lawyer, within an hour, stating his law firm was instructed by Bitfloor to do everything within their power to secure the return of customer funds and are still actively working on making that happen. 
I understand everyone is impatient and frustrated with Roman, but since his lawyer has been tasked with returning customer funds I believe there is little Roman can do to assist with this process in the meantime. At this point, it seems patience is still warranted.
@_date: 2013-06-07 17:53:06
I have no idea why Roman would be preventing the transfer of BTC out of Bitfloor. I would suggest sending a letter to Roman's lawyer, John Snyder, since Roman does not seem to be responding to any email communication about Bitfloor.
@_date: 2013-05-21 16:22:25
Audenx, I can't thank you enough for all your assistance with this situation. Your efforts have made this all seem much less bleak than it otherwise would - and gives us new Bitcoin users some hope that Bitcoin is a real community and genuine alternative to the traditional financial system. 
 - As far as Roman is concerned I'm sure the majority of Bitfloor users want to give Roman the benefit of the doubt and trust he is making a sincere effort to resolve this situation. Random twitter account posts and a general lack of communication do not help instill trust, and are justly perceived as an indication that this situation is being handled in a less than professional manner. If even a hint of that lack of professionalism is being portrayed to a potential bank it makes perfect sense that they would hesitate in opening a $500K+ bank account for the purpose of issuing refunds to customers across the globe. Unfortunately, as we all know, banks will discriminate against those that do not fit into certain stereotypes. 
Thank you again Audenx for all your efforts and keeping us up to date as this situation develops.
@_date: 2013-05-26 22:56:17
It looks like Roman might have followed up with the Internet Archive lead:
"Roman Shtylman‏ - The internet archive is infinitely cooler than I had known. The folks here are working on amazing projects!"
@_date: 2013-05-22 23:03:20
Hopefully Roman gets in touch with Jordan Modell, as this seems like the most promising solution to Bitfloor's current situation:
"Modell says the Internet Archive Federal Credit Union would like to help both the people who are setting up bitcoin exchanges and those who want to do business with them."
@_date: 2013-05-30 13:17:58
Yesterday, May 29th, after emailing Roman I received a letter from his lawyer, within an hour, stating his law firm was instructed by Bitfloor to do everything within their power to secure the return of customer funds and are still actively working on making that happen.
I understand everyone is impatient and frustrated with Roman, but since his lawyer has been tasked with returning customer funds I believe there is little Roman can do to assist with this process in the meantime. At this point, it seems patience is still warranted.
@_date: 2013-05-26 23:35:12
Well, we are currently trying to be patient given the circumstances. If our patience is unwarranted - actions will be taken against Roman. I have enough personally invested in this situation to make sure he is held accountable for the funds on hold.
@_date: 2013-05-30 13:15:39
Yesterday, May 29th, after emailing Roman I received a letter from his lawyer, within an hour, stating his law firm was instructed by Bitfloor to do everything within their power to secure the return of customer funds and are still actively working on making that happen.
I understand everyone is impatient and frustrated with Roman, but since his lawyer has been tasked with returning customer funds I believe there is little Roman can do to assist with this process in the meantime. At this point, it seems patience is still warranted.
@_date: 2013-05-26 23:18:45
It seems us 200+ affected users need to agree on a deadline for legal action. My suggestion would be July 1st. If Roman isn't motivated to deal with the legal hassle of opening a bank account by then it's unlikely he will ever be. If the bank has issued a check that can not be cashed we need legal advice on how to proceed...Generally, if Roman does not feel threatened by pending litigation he might not have any  incentive to make returning our funds a high priority.
@_date: 2013-05-23 01:16:11
Agreed. Bitfloor still has all our funds....and it's been over a month. Considering Mt. Gox is in Japan, I'd say your chances of getting funds out are extremely low in the off chance that anything does go down.
@_date: 2013-05-28 22:14:12
Send a message to:  who will add you to the list. He is contacting a lawyer this week who specializes in virtual currency laws. If there is no progress made by Roman/Bitfloor soon we'll go ahead with legal action. 
Please include any information you have about Roman in your email to AudenX, and if you could message it to me as well that would be greatly appreciated.