@_author: liverscrew
@_date: 2013-12-11 13:32:08
Papers are meant to transfer knowledge from one person to another, not to express a persons creativity. Imagine a cryptography scientist writing a paper on a whole new encryption method he developed, except he shows off his achievement by encrypting the text in the paper with the mentioned method, making it unreadable to other people. See where I'm going with this? That is why you got a D, you did express creativity, but it was the wrong place to do that.
@_date: 2013-12-11 20:50:08
I see, that does makes sense. Thank you for the explanation. Although I guess bitcoin integration with current world currencies and how this will affect everything is quite another beast to tackle.
@_date: 2013-12-19 12:16:24
But then people would just upsatoshi the dumb users anyways. This subreddit is just too big now and has become a representation of the hivemind/lowest common denominator. I don't see any intelligent discussion going on, it's all circlejerk self-congratulatory posts. Discussion worthy criticism gets downvoted by armchair economists and liberterians who want to stick it to the man with arguments such as "banks are bad" and "you don't understand bitcoin so stfu". They never explain or provide objective sources to why banks are bad or why bitcoin might be fit/unfit as a currency for mass use. And lets don't forget all the "governments want to control the world" conspiracy nutjobs posting here and getting upvoted. I actually consider this subreddit more as a source of entertainment rather than proper discussion.
@_date: 2013-12-09 14:22:55
Yeah but why should the op get punished for some other guy not securing his bank account. The problem here though is actually convincing the bank that a legitimate transaction has occured and op lost money in the form of bitcoins he transferred because from the banks standpoint, some guy just sent money to some other guy via a bank transfer.
@_date: 2013-12-11 19:57:17
Could you make a more in-depth explanation how this would work? Let's say for example I want to buy a new place to live in. It's way beyond my means for a lump sum purchase, how would bitcoin saving work differently to regular money? In my current situation I calculated that I'd need to save for something like 10 - 12 years to buy a house without taking a loan, how would bitcoin magic this away?
@_date: 2013-12-09 15:08:34
Yes! stick it to the man! Libertarian freedom for all! Not really, look at it from the banks standpoint. Why should it pay you? You just got some money transferred to your account for no apparent reason. The bank is just returning the money to the owner (I assume it was an internal bank transfer, because international transfers are irreversible, unless the banks have an agreement). The only assholeish thing I see here is the bank shitting on op for trading bitcoins instead of trying to cooperate and get this thing sorted out. But then again it's understandable as bitcoins aren't really mainstream yet and banks don't have systems that log and check bitcoin transfers so they can see that a real transaction has occured. At this point the bank should cooperate with the market where op sold his bitcoins, but the infrastructure to do that just isn't there yet and the bank is being a dick about it. So in my opinion the burden of proof is unfortunately on the ops shoulders now.
@_date: 2013-12-09 14:43:39
It does look like fraud, but if it was really a compromised account, what's stopping the thief from creating a bitcoin exchange account on his own and just verifying on the buyers bank account if he has access to it.
@_date: 2013-12-09 18:21:23
But you're implying that the bank should pay op for his lost bitcoins which is definitely not in his contract, the managers in the bank probably don't even really know what bitcoins are. It's not the banks' fault that the market for bitcoins isn't big enough for major banks to start providing security and setting up agreements with major coin markets for fraud data exchange or systems that retrieve transaction data so they can check them. Bitcoin is just too new and not established now. That is why for now it's up to op to show the bank his actual loss and possibly be a pioneer.
And banks do irreversible transactions, except that there is a demand for security (a market for it) and it's in banks' interest to be able to reverse them, as, if two banks have an agreement for that, they can both protect their customers from fraud more efficiently. It makes it less costly to just get the money back rather than get it from insurance or just not give a fuck and shaft the customer. Bitcoins on the other hand do not offer any security. If someone cleans out your bitcoin wallet when you're not looking you are basically fucked. You are responsible for the security of your money and people like to avoid responsibility. So with the freedom there come drawbacks too.
I bet the situation with op and the bank would change if he could prove that he has been defrauded, because now all the bank sees, as I've said before, is that op got a lump of money for no reason, because it was a regular transaction from one account to the other and none of the two are an actual business or anything. The person who sent the money claims to have an account compromised. Who would you want to protect? The guy who got free money and is claiming, without any real proof mind you, that he sold 'magic internet money' or another guy who got hacked and lost his 3500 pounds that they can actually see in their logs as a real transaction?  
@_date: 2013-12-16 09:47:35
Good luck with telling the circlejerk that they're idiots.
@_date: 2013-12-12 10:50:31
What scares me the most about this subreddit is how these conspiracy theory nutjob sounding comments always reach the top.
@_date: 2013-12-09 21:09:53
I kinda agree, but I find it unlikely that it's not the buyer committing fraud due to how secure banks are these days (pin cards, passwords, key generators and whatnot). The alleged victim must have been really lax with his bank credentials.