@_author: livingfrugalnow
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:12:38
Pretty much similar items to be filled out, but GDAX only had a few web page forms to go through. Much less intensive than itBit I thought...
@_date: 2017-11-03 15:31:07
Yes, I got a call from itBit a day after I put my comment, and I was told they were having some voicemail issues. Anyhow, this support person gave me his personal number and after that, my account got set up in two days. I didn't like the fact that all information had to be sent by email, but I was told it would be ok to password protect PDFs, so that made me feel a bit better. 
At the same time, believe or not, I had also applied to GDAX/Coinbase as an institution account and that got approved in 3 days!! So I have been using GDAX. With IRA, some of you may have large transaction fees on Exchanges. I suggest you shop around. There is a GDAX secret you probably know. I did also start to apply to Gemini, but after I received their first response, I asked a few more questions and I didn't get any responses (and GDAX was already approved) so I didn't go any further with them. Good luck!
@_date: 2017-11-03 15:41:22
I was also told that you would need to borrow from friends for opening deposit only if you want to open the business account prior to wire from Broad financial. If your bank accepts (YMMV), then you can open the account and use the wire funds to be the opening deposit. Then, you obviously don't have to borrow from friends.
@_date: 2017-11-03 21:23:20
No, in my case, I was able to create one without ss4 form.
@_date: 2017-09-17 21:04:50
Thank you OP for the info. I also would like to roll my Roth IRA. Do you happen to know the minimum amount of investment you can do with Broad Financial?
I found a few more info. I appreciate any feedback anybody may have dealing with them.
How to do all on your own =&gt; This seems very similar to what Broad Financial or BitcoinIRA follows. Has anybody done this on his/her own? The cost of setting it up can be obviously cheaper.
IRA Financial Group: This company now appears to offer BitcoinIRA. Anybody used this?
NobleBitcoin: Anybody used this?
BitvestIRA: Anybody used this? I was concerned with this statement they had "When will my bitcoins be delivered?
Your first *1/18th of your purchase will be delivered after 180 days has elapsed and another 1/18th will be delivered each and every month until you have received your entire purchase. Note: disbursements are sent the first and third Thursday of each month to the Bitcoin wallet address provided by the customer. (*Option 1)"
@_date: 2017-10-17 22:15:28
Anybody dealing with itBit to create a new account right now (mine's IRA LLC)? I have been calling the support number and emailing, but their response has been very sporadic. The support number always says agent busy and goes to a voice mail. I haven't been able to talk to a live person. They said to send LLC related docs by email (not secure), and I tried to use a secure email which they declined to accept as "3rd party file sharing". This hasn't been going as smooth as I have expected just because the support seems pretty much non-existent. 