@_author: living_lightning
@_date: 2018-01-21 06:03:06
Be cautious of sampling bias here. Most people in this sub already own bitcoin and are bullish. Plus, bitcoin holders benefit from more bitcoin holders. If possible, I would try to balance out any advice by asking people who recently sold. My advice would be to wait until the first round of futures contracts expire this week. You might miss a spike, but you also might be able to buy after a huge drop off.
@_date: 2017-12-22 03:10:16
That’s bad science used to justify discriminatory beliefs. It’s no different than “scientists” a hundred years ago pushing fake narratives about racial inferiority.
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:44:30
Nope, it’s not.
@_date: 2017-12-25 05:14:44
Because bitcoin is a collaborative effort. If one group fails, then I fail too. Or probably more accurately, if one group developing bitcoin isn’t as successful as it could be, then I’m also less successful because they failed at solving the problem.
Also, defending the idea that women are genetically inferior to men isn’t an opinion. That’s asserting a falsehood as fact which can be easily debunked by REAL science. I prefer bitcoin’s philosophy to bitcoin cash’s is an opinion. Women don’t belong in bitcoin is just being an asshole.
@_date: 2017-12-25 05:18:42
I guess I just need to recognize that I’m in anarchist neckbeard territory an there’s no point in arguing. You people just won’t get it, but maybe you will in a few years when the most successful organizations in this space will also be the most representative of the general population.
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:32:55
The problem though is that most of the talent pool is male not because men are more suited to these roles, but because math and science are still seen as men’s work by much of the population. If girls 30 years ago had been encouraged to pursue math and science the same way boys were (and still are), there would be more women in the talent pool today. Instead of pulling the top talent from among half the population, wouldn’t it be even better to pull the top talent from 100% of the population?
Additionally, diversity leads to difference of opinion, which leads to success. If everybody in a particular space comes from a similar background with similar opinions on everything, there’s no real substantive debate. My life experiences give me a particular outlook on the world which is probably different than yours, not better or worse, just different. The more experiences and outlooks we have to pull from the better because we can pull the best parts of all of them. If you look at the tech world, a ton of tech startups end up failing because they make a product or service with only people like them in mind. Many companies are started by brilliant people, but most of us aren’t Silicon Valley tech bros, so they have trouble marketing or finding product-market fit within the greater population. If your company were representative of the general population though, you’d be much more likely to be empathetic to the needs of all consumers. To apply this to the crypto example, it becomes much easier to push widespread adoption if people of different backgrounds are working on solving the problems or objections that might arise within different groups of people.
@_date: 2017-12-22 13:41:27
If only the world were as black and white as that... You just don’t get it and it’s obvious that many people here have no desire to even try to be empathetic to others’ struggles. You’re looking for justification for why inequality exists rather than acknowledging it’s even a problem.