@_author: lizardk101
@_date: 2018-01-28 16:15:04
I believe people want it both ways, there’s those who want it as a store of value and a means of exchange. 
Thing is when that happens it never ends well. It happened to gold, spices, tulips, etc. Also if it is classed as a currency then it can be clamped down upon by many governments. 
In many countries any transactions must be conducted with only approved means of exchange. In the U.K. we have the Coinage Act 1971 which states that all business must take place with only the government issued currency. 
It’s in a grey area at the moment, if that changes then it could go either way to being clamped down on, in the sense that if it’s classed an “asset” then it could be seen as liable for Capital Gains Tax.
@_date: 2018-01-28 03:21:22
The only people who are into BC are those who can afford it. It’s said that this is a system to give people freedom from centralised system but it’s only “some people”. 
Most people who are affected by the system not only don’t have the money but don’t have the time, they’re too busy living and working to be able to do something like invest in crypto. 
It’s a rich persons thing, it’s not accessible to normal people and those who are jumping on the bandwagon are the middle and lower middle class who are trying to get rich quick off of the system rather than interested in it as a way of decentralising currency. 
@_date: 2018-03-27 11:28:52
He also sold or at least facilitated the sale of guns, not to mention he was happy for organs to be sold in Silk Road. There’s no difference between Ulbricht and a street gun dealer, only he used Tor and Bitcoin whereas a street dealer uses a car boot and fiat. His site lead to the deaths of six people at least. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 14:31:24
Not really. A gun has only one purpose. Crypto has multiple uses and purposes so completely wrong comparison.
@_date: 2018-03-27 19:27:59
Please don’t try and sell me on the “he was doing the public good, he was a hero, he was altruistic” bullshit. If he was that altruistic, he didn’t give any of the profits away to good causes or fund things that could’ve made a difference, nor did he fight for against the mass incarceration’s from the drug war. He was completely self serving the whole time. 
When he had his opportunity to do some good, he made as much money as possible, tried to have people killed who could’ve brought him down and fuck everyone else.
What he did was gave drug users the feeling of anonymity when they bought their drugs over the internet. People still got ripped off, in fact people got ripped off in larger cash quantities thanks to SR, (Tony76 made tens of thousands by ripping people off, he later tried to have killed and his roommates) great “harm reduction that is.
In fact SR encountered the same problems that drug users in real life face and it just meant rich kids could buy drugs anonymously online without the stigma around buying it on the street.
Do you get all teary eyed and such for Pablo Escobar? I mean Escobar was a violent psychopath but at least tried to give back to the people of Medellin, funding programs for literacy, built housing estates. Ulbricht took his money and tried to have people killed, then tried running away to The Caribbean.
Yes the drug war needs to end and reparations need to be done because of the horrific toll it’s taken but you don’t do that by setting up an online store and profiting off of the deaths of others, it makes it no different to a crack house, except there’s a star rating system. 
If you wanna argue morality and legality of the whole drugs debacle that’s a different issue and you’re welcome to but here’s a bitcoin forum about crypto currency and its use and someone who used the technology to facilitate crime.
Silk Road wasn’t an altruistic venture like it’s been historically revised to be by supporters of Ulbricht, it was a money making venture that people could use to get hold illegal drugs and guns using the foundling of bitcoin to facilitate, he used bitcoin to try and make an empire and failed spectacularly. 
@_date: 2018-02-19 13:31:49
Or prayer. 
@_date: 2018-03-27 11:48:33
He was logged into the DPR account in a public library. He started the site and years later was still running the site as DPR it seems a little beyond reality to says he wasn’t the DPR.
@_date: 2018-02-11 16:16:24
Duh, of course anyone who thinks critically, independently and doesn’t go with the herd mentality and questions Bitcoin and it’s users is obviously a JP Morgan Chase paid shill who gets paid $.05 to post, Don’t cha know. /s
@_date: 2018-03-27 11:34:34
Six people died from drugs they purchased on Silk Road, I doubt they’ll be able to leave a review and say about how the quality of drugs they took were. Not to mention they also sold cyanide with a free pamphlet about making suicide painless and easy.
@_date: 2018-02-02 05:52:17
I agree to a large amount. Also let’s not forget the thousands of people who went to sites to find advice or at least see what everyone was buying into, found this place and took the advice seriously that BTC was going to be their golden ticket and were advised by people here to get on board and then this happens. 
It was an obvious bubble but as you say people do desperate things to make money and buying thousands of $ of equipment to try and make money off of crypto is something many people have done over the last few months, especially when you look at how GPU sales and prices have spiralled out of control.
I have no stake, I’m interested in the technology but it seems many of those bragging in the last few weeks aren’t looking too clever now. Also noticed how everyone is justifying the drop by saying how early they got in. 
Granted there’s a large return if you bought at the start but are you prepared to sell and make a profit now or hold on, expect it to rise again meanwhile, others cash in?
@_date: 2018-03-27 11:38:21
At least Six people died from drugs purchased on Silk Road, I fail to see how Silk Road really made drugs safer for them. Also he helped rip thousands of people off because others stole large amounts of Bitcoin and he profited off of it. If you’re going to give him credit also give him the negative shit too.
@_date: 2018-02-11 13:55:22
It isn’t democratic, wasn’t meant to be, don’t kid yourself it is. Bitcoin is pretty much a continuation of the same old systems. Those with money got involved already and the rest of the people can’t afford to get involved.
@_date: 2018-02-11 10:08:16
Well I’m sure since you’ve given up local politics and got on here to bitch and moan, using the thing you’re so against, you’ve had massive success...
I understand political fatigue well and it’s understandable but considering it’s either head in the sand or do something about it there’s not much choice. It’s a battle with the current generation of politicians who get so much support because the same guys get voted in because while they’re being hawkish and driven by getting military contracts they’re also giving the public a tax cut which people love.
And no the I don’t believe the government is underfunded, it’s well funded and working just fine for the wealthy who are the real power brokers in every country. The rich have the benefits of tax cuts because it’s the rich who are making the decisions, because they’re the ones who take action when decisions suit them.
Again with the simplistic view “government dropping bombs” it does other stuff too you know. Which you seem to be cherry picking to suit your world view.
I’m anti war and against interventionist policies on moral and ethical issues but I’m not narrow minded enough to “cut my nose off and spite my face” that government is only about one thing. It’s multilayered.
Nurses, teachers and firefighters are the first ones cut because people say they support them but at the end of the day really don’t care, until they interact with them and it directly affects them that your nurse is struggling to make ends meet.
So you’re bitter at politics? Give me a fucking break with the “woe is me” bullshit.  I’m part of political campaigns locally and nationally and you know what, they are an uphill struggle but they work because they affect everyone eventually.
@_date: 2018-02-11 04:37:24
But would they want to? It’s all well and good saying a private company could manage roads better than publicly run but would a private company really be willing to invest in that infrastructure in the first place?
It’s cheaper for the government to buy “x” amount of tarmac than a private company because of the amount needed sees it become cheaper the more purchased and a private company wouldn’t be able buy the amount needed. 
Toll roads are held as examples as private sector working better than public sector but here’s the problem, they’ve first to invest a large sum of money. Usually examples of successful toll roads belie the fact it’s usually via a government contract that heavily subsidises the private sector and essentially sees private profits for public spending.
@_date: 2018-02-25 13:33:55
Exactly. Corrupt money launderers seek new way to circumvent money laundering measures and look for new money laundering techniques, blockchain and bitcoin offer that. He’s not for some altruistic purpose like people on here are making it out to be, or because he is looking to the future of the technology, they’re seeing the opportunity of transferring large amounts of money, via backdoors and without monitoring and taking it.
@_date: 2018-02-11 08:50:50
It’s incredibly child like and simple minded to think that just because a fraction of your money is spent on one thing, it’s better not to spend your money at all. I’m guessing you wouldn’t hold that mentality in any other aspect of your life such as relationships (just because you fight with someone a small percentage of the time, doesn’t mean you don’t wanna talk to them or you don’t want to be with them the rest of the time)
How about the public sector workers like teachers, police officers, fire fighters that are supported by the very fact you pay your taxes? Essentially you want to have all the benefits of society, you’re using something tax money built, but feel entitled that you don’t want to pay for them because you can’t see any direct benefit from your view point.
Also no current taxes don’t go towards “cool phones” it was merely to point out that without government investment (bare in mind they were original military projects like ARPAnet) in the past the very world you enjoy the benefits of -that you moan about- is because government invested into those systems and they have tangible results.
You’re not happy with your money being spent on military industrial complex and are bitching and moaning here, you don’t seem to be doing much to change it. Be politicised and support candidates who don’t endorse war or spending $600b on war but instead think a high standard of living, infrastructure and decency for all is exactly what taxes should be used on to benefit the country not their own greedy interests.
@_date: 2018-03-27 13:06:24
Well that’s wrong, he sold his own magic mushrooms on the site. In fact his magic mushrooms hospitalised a girl after she had a bad reaction. 
No he didn’t “just run a website, like amazon” he facilitated the sale of drugs, guns and poisons all in the name of profit, he wasn’t altruistic like some people make out. If you sell black market guns, expect them to not be used for the most heroic actions but instead grizzly shit.
Amazon don’t sell illegal items and they don’t facilitate crimes so to compare the two is ludicrous.
I’m ok with guns being sold legally, but that’s the thing, these weren’t listed legally, there was no way to ensure those guns weren’t involved in crimes, it was via post and meant to give anonymity. If you’re pro-guns this kinda shit actively works against you as it makes it easier to clamp down on the sales of firearms.
I didn’t say there were organ sales, he was open to organ sales. “As long as it’s consensual” was his quote on whether they would allow organ sales to take place. Had the site carried on there’s the likelihood of organs being sold on the site.
@_date: 2018-02-11 04:58:10
You’re literally using technology researched, developed and maintained by tax dollars. 
The internet, was originally a US military project paid for by tax dollars. Without government the system you are using and have wouldn’t exist. The investment in the telecommunication network was via tax dollars the upkeep is via public investment. 
The phone in your pocket has technologies paid for by tax dollars that a private company put together and sold back to you. From GPS, Cell Network, Internet, touch screens. Everything that a smartphone has as basic functionality was paid for originally by tax dollars of other people years ago. 
You wanna throw the baby out with the bath water by saying “I don’t like taxes and don’t wanna pay them because we blow up kids around the world”. Yes taxes are spent on infinite warfare but they’re also spent on running the electricity grid, keeping water running and you’re benefiting from that directly. 
How about instead of spending $600b on US military a year, spend tax dollars on basic infrastructure investment and maintained which actually makes money and increases productivity.