@_author: lizzerables
@_date: 2014-01-17 00:02:55
There's really no point in spending BTC on anything unless:
A. you can receive a substantial discount in price for doing so  
B. you can receive legal or illegal goods *privately, securely and/or anonymously* for doing so
There's simply no other reason to spend BTC.
There's a ton of reasons for the rarity of A and B, but the primary reason is the prevalence of supposed "Bitcoin merchants" relying on intermediaries like Coinbase and Bitpay to quote "accept" Bitcoin. Whereas in actuality, relying on Coinbase or Bitpay to handle your BTC payments requires you to hand over all customer identifying information to an intermediary which is for all intents and purposes PayPal 2.0. Kiss your privacy, security and anonymity goodbye!
Furthermore, relying on intermediaries to price your products in Bitcoins is a sign that you don't want to hold onto any BTC, and if you as a merchant don't want to hold any BTC, it follows that you want to sell it at the current market price. The result: no way in hell are you going to offer any sizeable discount to customers just for paying in Bitcoin. You can't afford to. So we can kiss the substantial price discount goodbye, too.
This is why we need true believers and merchants who want to hold bitcoin rather than take the easy way out.
Until we see an explosion in merchants willing to offer sizeable discounts to encourage Bitcoin users to spend a rapidly appreciating commodity of limited supply, people have no reason to spend Bitcoins. This probably won't happen for reasons already explained.
Until we see major strides in secure, private decentralized marketplaces, like "Silk Road for grandma", people will have no reason to spend Bitcoins. This probably *can* happen, but it requires fucking work and social change. Speaking against the NSA and political establishment is typically harder than hyping and bullshitting people into adoption based on weak marketing gimmicks.
Suffice to say, we either need everyone in the world to start using Tor browser and PGP so that all transactions are secure from the NSA from default, or more merchants will need to offer a real discount to customers for paying in BTC, and hold onto their BTC because they believe in the system. The former is much more likely because, unless you have an account with Coinbase, it's neither easy nor instant to replenish any spent Bitcoins. Not to mention, the vast majority of merchants accepting Bitcoin are doing so mostly as an afterthought or marketing gimmick. Most are using Coinbase or Bitpay or some other intermediary service to price their goods in Bitcoin and not holding onto any BTC they receive. Do you honestly think merchants like this are going to start offering a price discount in Bitcoin if they're immediately exchanging it back to USD? Fat chance.
Want to really see the value of Bitcoin skyrocket? Start telling people how to thwart the NSA indiscriminate spying by using Tor browser and PGP to secure their communications. If we see an explosion in that, we'll see an explosion in real world usage, which will be accompanied by a big price spike. There's only so many times you can blow a China bubble. Get with the program, suck it up and stop trying to suck Wall Street executive dick. There's only one way out of this.
@_date: 2014-01-20 20:54:11
Oh.... my god. Just buy bitcoin already. For fuck's sake.
@_date: 2014-01-20 20:44:58
As if litecoin is or ever was innovative, hahahah. What's wrong r/litecoin? Getting a taste of your own medicine?
@_date: 2014-01-19 01:43:34
Paying in BTC is only worthwhile if you get a steep price discount, or if you and the vendor both make use of Tor and PGP to transact securely and privately. There's truly no other reason to use Bitcoin. Short of thwarting the NSA's indiscriminate spying or receiving steep price discounts, you're better off using a credit card as credit cards offer better consumer protection and more convenience, not to mention Net 30 payment terms by default.
As a community, Bitcoiners should be embracing Tor and PGP, not looking to Wall Street to speculate our way to the moon with bullshit and hype and marketing gimmicks. No, tell your friends and family to download the [Tor browser bundle]( which is the same thing as Firefox but with some extra anonymity bits thrown in automatically.
Once people realize you must use Tor and PGP to communicate with one another with any degree of intimacy, they will eventually come to terms with the fact that you have to use BTC to complete commercial transactions. There's very few good alternatives to paying someone privately online, and it's about time more people stood up against the bullshit spying. Nobody likes it and everyone knows it's a problem.
@_date: 2014-01-17 09:07:57
Ah, but first the merchant has to sign up for BitPay. After which, BitPay decides to work with the merchant or cast them off. So there's some policing involved when you have an American-based intermediary, who can and will subpoena their clientele if pressured. Compare that to a merchant displaying a raw Bitcoin address and the customer paying direct. Night and day.