@_author: lizzipoos
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:50:23
Belgian newspapers had the same article go out today. I'm happy to see that in the comments people are correcting them though! It's been annoying me when I read them and they're so, so wrong about all these things!
@_date: 2017-12-03 11:50:44
Yes. My bf wanted to invest and like many I was sceptical and didn't really want to, but he's  a smart guy when it comes to money so I agreed. Happy I did! I didn't expect it to increase in value as much as it has, so now I'm reading up on it like crazy and trying to understand the technical stuff. I'm super interested in seeing how the blockchain stuff can be implemented in other things. Sometimes I feel like I'm one of the few new (we bought in October lol) people who care about the tech rather than making fast money, so coming here shows me that people do care about the tech.
I just wish I could understand it a bit faster lol.
@_date: 2017-12-21 00:36:47
What does that have to do with anything? Only an idiot would put all their savings/investments in the same thing. 
@_date: 2017-12-02 11:16:39
It depends how you accept it. If you have an online business you can use Stripe. Stripe is a checkout service that allows people to pay with their cards online, and they also accept BTC payments. Stripe will convert the BTC into the fiat currency that you normally charge. If you do this, tax and accounting doesn't change.
If you accept BTC without converting, I have no idea. We looked into it for our business but banks here in the UK don't want anything to do with businesses that trade with crypto's ... We are going to be talking to our accountant soon about it all, so if you want I can keep notes and post it here if you'd like.
I know for personal tax, it's treated as capital gains, but I don't know if it's the same for businesses.
@_date: 2017-12-19 23:43:43
Man this sub is trash right now with all these "omg it's an attack" posts and freaking out because of the price. Look, I get it, having BTC and seeing the price go up is nice. Seeing the price go down, not so nice. But holy fucking shit it was at 5.8k 2 months ago, chill the fuck out. Prices will fluctuate , it fucking happens. Makes me feel like the majority of posters here only care about price, when it's supposed to be about so much more than that! 
And then the downvotes... Anything positive being said about bcash gets instadownvoted. I don't have bcash and never will. I think Roger ver is a fucking douche , and I dislike the whole tricking people into thinking bcash is bitcoin, but everything has good things AND bad things... This sub needs to calm the fuck down.
@_date: 2017-12-10 20:29:38
So you only bought because of price going up. Do you even think the tech is worth anything? You don't even think this is a good investment..  why invest in BTC at all.. 
@_date: 2018-05-31 20:17:43
Even if the candles were lining up properly I'd still say no.
@_date: 2017-11-29 16:03:09
it's only a 10% drop on the 1hr chart. Is that even a drop? On the daily it's still +9% :D
edit : and 3 hours later the candle is the biggest candle I've seen on the BTC/USD chart! 
@_date: 2017-11-28 18:48:57
I honestly kind of dread my close family getting into it. I know a few of them who are going to see this as an easy way to make money, but won't care much about everything else that comes with it. They could care less about tech or anything to do with a PC. They just care about money..
 They'll ask me how to get into it, and they won't really know the risks involved, nor will they care about it. If it dips they will probably act like I got them into a scam, rather than realising they just need to hold and stop worrying so damn much about it. Ugh, I really hope they don't mention it over Christmas.
@_date: 2018-02-04 23:23:51
It is not futile at all, to care about how many dollars you can get for your BTC. I live in the uk now, and when I visit my parents, I definitely care about how many euros i'll get for my gbp. In fact, it would be stupid not to care. You want to get your money's worth, so you need to actually know what it's worth. You wouldn't go and give a block of gold to someone for a bag of rice. Why would you do that with BTC?
But let's say it is. Let's you don't need to care about that. Then there's still no point in saying this to people right now. When the euro was first introduced , my family and a lot of older people kept calculating everything into the old currency. It took them at least 5 years of regular use before they stopped doing that. even now, my older family members (read: grandparents and their sisters/brothers) still all do it. Fuck, even my mum still does it with big numbers. Btc is not a widespread currency, there's no " x btc will get you this amount of food, or clothes, or you can pay your electricity bill with this amount". Once btc or any other crypto for that matter, is widely used, and it isn't as volatile as it is right now, that's when people will stop doing this, and it's only going to be the younger generation. 
tl;dr nothing wrong with caring.
@_date: 2018-02-05 11:28:32
Yea, and right now businesses don't really trust it. They all see it as a novelty / buzzword + in the end very few people actually pay with crypto's. 