@_author: ljirvine
@_date: 2018-12-18 15:25:45
The real problem with bitcoin is that it is not backed by anything. Its wildly volatile price is as a result of the fact that it is only worth what people believe it is worth. I admit traditional fiat money is not a perfect system, much like capitalism, but it's the best thing we have. To talk about fiat being a completely different thing to BTC is hilarious in its own right. At least fiat money is backed by something/someone. BTC is backed by absolutely nothing other than the belief of people. Once governments start to denounce BTC and other cryptos, the price will drop as people have less and less faith in it, whether it is justified or not.
At its core, BTC has an intrinsic, fundamental and paradoxical issue. Peoples faith in it causes and is as a result of how the price changes, and the two are extremely proportional. The more the price drops, the less faith people have and so the more the price drops and the less faith people have. Now you might think that this isn't any different to fiat currency, or stock exchanges, but that's not true. In the case of fiat currency, the government are able to do things to stabilise the value. In the case of stock exchanges, the companies have real physical presences and tangible assets. These are things that BTC cannot offer, and when all is said and done, BTC is just 1s and 0s.
In your eyes, when all governments inevitably ban the use of BTC for goods and services, the world will be overturned by the crypto army, and fiat money will be a thing of the past. 
I mean, who knows, if P = NP then the whole thing is fucked and we'll be thrown back to the dark ages of trading gold and gems.
@_date: 2018-12-18 14:04:23
The blind faith that some people have in bitcoin is absolutely astounding.
If governments step in and ban the use of bitcoin, the whole thing is fucked.
@_date: 2018-12-18 16:14:57
Has that been proven? Would that not solve P vs NP? Thought that discrete logarithm was NP-intermediate, and it's still possible that it could be in P. I mean, just looking at factorisation on the face of it, surely is not in P, but we can't prove that. Agreed, surely P is not the same as NP.
Haven't done more than scratched the surface with P vs NP unfortunately, its definitely one of the more interesting of the millennium problems. 