@_author: lkelvin
@_date: 2013-04-15 10:38:36
I modestly wanted to expose a long idea to reduce the disaster with the website. I must admit that I'm not really aware of the problems which you are facing, I'm just a university student and I don't study Law either, so I'm writing this just as a proposal of mine. 
I speak informally here because it's quicker and I'm not such a good english speaker.
1) If the bug comes from your way of managing the orders and not from the BTC network, fix it. I say IF because, in a single occasion, a guy told it happened on MtGox too; if it's a BTC-network problem, and I sincerely hope not and don't think so, the mess is even bigger. While I don't have much knowledge in this particular field for bug fixing, there's a lot of people around who might give serious help with that, if you need it. 
1a) Bug fixing includes subtracting the incorrect 2x/3x/4x BTC amount coming from the wrong-executed orders (if one didn't have that money, you can just not take care of the following steps it did, so you simply subtract it from the final amount; this way people who lost money reinvesting it in the following steps will lose more than they would lose without it, while people who gained money reinvesting it in the following steps will gain more than they would gain, and this in my opinion can be accepted as a mistake of yours and it might at the end be approximately "zero-mean"; you may also ask each user if the idea is ok for the moment to him while you think to something more decent). The value to subtract might be, and I say that with a certain degree of confidence, positive or negative ("BTC doubling/tripling/quadrupoling" and "BTC annealing" was reported in the chat); I'm sure there is a bug in the BTC buying process because I experienced it, but I fear it might be in the selling process too, as someone said that in the chat. When you find that an order has been executed twice (short amount of time, same amount of money, you can reverse history... if there's one...) you remember that, and say the correct amount of bitcoins is the previous one minus 2/3 of the tripled BTC amount etc. The final BTC might though become negative: you could fix that building a "final withdrawable quantity" made of the difference between the incorrect BTC amount and the error caused by the bug. If the error is less than the incorrect BTC amount (doubling, tripling, etc), you will keep the remaining bitcoins to use them for the others; if the error is negative (annealed BTCs), you will provide them using the ones you summoned or just yourself. Same thing for EUR and USD. If someone lost more than it had before the error, you should think about accepting the loss and compensate yourself; if it was your fault, it was your fault. At the end, you might even be in positive balance, if people sold your bitcoins well...
2) Open the website with some limitations. Disabling SELL will avoid people to start back with the buy/sell frenzy; you might for example enable only the BUY BTC and WITHDRAW BTC commands; this way, anyone could withdraw at least a part of his money (and go on somewhere else until a safer version of your quasi-no-fee website will be available) while you fight the legal problems; being SELL disabled, you might buy yourself a great quantity of BTCs and load it, as you do for VouchX coupons, by putting only a huge SELL order of yours at a reasonable price, say the price you paid (or less); with the money you get, you buy more BTCs etc. You could also load VouchX credit to move the EUR and USD directly, if they still exist. To avoid frenzy you can put a quite large minimum time (say 30 seconds, or maybe the packet expiration time, if I understood correctly) between the buy orders of each user, I guess. No too-fast bots, no lag, quick quit. Temporary, because the no-fee transaction thing and the fast EUR deposit makes your site superior.
3) Fight the legal problems, which would be partially reduced if there is not such a large amount of locked money. I think no one really wants to ruin you if you can guarantee you will give them back the money in a month.
Hoping this can help in some way (seriously, I'm not gay or something, I'm interested in helping the ones with money problems, and I don't care much of my very small investment either, which was bug-doubled... I should now be in the order of 20-30% gain, not 150%. it was just a try and an addictive game for me).
Wishing you some luck with this little mess
LordKelvin