@_author: lkoczorowski
@_date: 2013-10-17 20:58:58
No doubt. The R&amp;D is necessary but it outgrew anyone's expectations, unnecessarily so. Current hash growth looks like Moore's Law cubed. 
Miners could have sat on their low GH/s machines comfortably for some time and get a decent ROI. But, that's the nature of competition, even if it is self destructive. 
We're still early adopters and by virtue will get screwed. Like any other early adopters that shell out big money to be the first or that just get it and have to be a part of it. The difference here though is that these early adopters were promised an ROI for their time/money which they didn't and won't get. 
@_date: 2013-10-17 17:25:44
Too bad it's only the miner manufacturers that are making the money. A big reason the coin is raising in value is because of the miner gold rush. Except for the few that get their hands on their 28nm tech after the manufacturers have milked the current difficult level and before the rush the rest of the miners/investors are going to be screwed and this time it's not a few hundred dollars buying FPGA or early ASIC it's now thousands and thousands of dollars. This is going to piss *a lot* of people off and turn them away from BTC. 
Don't get me wrong, BTC will in the long run raise in value but all these people (myself included) that think/thought they were going to make a quick buck in the rising BTC value and next gen ASIC tech available are going to walk away with a bitter taste in their mouth and as a direct result of so many people pulling out and calling bullshit the currency is going to take a hit. 
It will of course eventually stabilize as will the ridiculous increase in difficulty we've seen the last few months as mining hardware matures. The scale now is too big for the homegrown operations to compete with the insane capital required to stay profitable. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 13:55:37


This should be added to the dictionary.
@_date: 2013-10-17 19:24:12
The mining community has exploded since the introduction of ASIC and the promise of 3-4 day returns which definitely was one of the catalysts to BTC's increased value in the same time frame. Absolutely not the only one. 
Driving miners away will depreciate the value of BTC as they sell off whatever coins they were able to generate. It will also push out the hobbyist miners that simply cannot compete. The juice simply ain't worth the squeeze anymore. Some of them will hold onto their coins in hopes it will appreciate but a lot of them will sell off and say "fuck this." 
I don't think the dip will break BTC but it will be a significant blimp on the radar. At some point soon people are going to  lose it when they come to the realization that the ASIC rush is a bogus investment opportunity and no longer a hobbyist sport. It's being taken over by the few that gambled huge starting their own ASIC companies and it will stay with them. The people that got burned are now smart enough to know they are getting screwed and new comers will be warned sternly. One possible opportunity would be to start a pool that has a hash max to keep these guys out and make the little guys competitive against the huge conglomerates.
At the end of the day it really sucks for the mining community. No longer do we have the days where people in their spare time mine or tweak their setups to squeeze a few more hash out and be excited about mining, it's a lost, big company monetized art. 
@_date: 2013-12-31 19:50:43
go bitcoins! 