@_author: lleter
@_date: 2015-01-01 20:57:46
Count me in. Will commit 2 BTC.
@_date: 2015-01-01 19:43:25
Why would he even be a speaker at a BTC conference when his sole claim is BTC is not viable and the reason he conjured up his clone alt coin in the first place?
Last discussion about him and his scam:
[youtube vid](
@_date: 2015-01-01 20:53:41
Or we could hire some rabble with those same BTC's and have them lob rotten tomatoes, lettuce and eggs at him while he is up there on the stage.
@_date: 2015-01-01 20:34:24
30 years in business to be able to fund this abortion of a website: Badbitcoin.org  surely you jest?  Good lord man stick your hand in your 30 year plus in business pockets and hire a 12 year old kid to make a proper website.  All that abortion is missing is an angelfire popup ad!
@_date: 2015-01-01 20:21:12
Ah now it makes a bit sense, from the get-go his operation was solely about his paycoin as it solved all the problems inherent with bitcoin, and that bitcoin was dying hence the need for his coin. Only in the past several weeks was their a noticeable reversal and insistence that bitcoin be a part of his operation. Now it is clear it is because of this conference. Could not very well continue to try to prop up his credibility by shunning bitcoin since he never was and is still not and industry insider or innovator, he had to buy his way in via sponsorship and now must embrace bitcoin once again.
@_date: 2015-01-01 21:35:38
In case he does speak and for those who have the slightest interest in listening to him; be forewarned. Bring a pillow as you will 100% doze off. You better view some of his videos and chats before paying good money  for this expensive sleeping device.
@_date: 2015-01-01 20:52:22
Better idea :-)
Let us allow him to speak and at the same time offer a bounty of say 1, 2, 3 BTC to the first person who pies him in the face and captures it on video and puts it up on youtube for all of us to see.
@_date: 2015-01-03 01:58:23
Shows a pattern is all.
@_date: 2015-01-01 20:14:43
If he is allowed to speak you can be guaranteed he has an emergency flight to catch right at the end of it and simply cannot stay around to answer questions.
@_date: 2015-01-01 20:06:32
See that is the same convoluted mindset that propagates Garza's scam. Coinfire asked twice if there is any connection to this company, twice their have been denials. Garza can very easily request that they do confirm their partnership or he can prove he does have a partnership thus stomping out Coinfire. He cannot because he does not have any relationship with them. He bought a browser plugin that original was conceived to intercept transactions between the client and the server which is what his whole plan was from the outset. However that too was squashed by Amazon as being strictly against their TOS.
Garza original declared from day one that his coin will be accepted directly by Amazon, Walmart and Target and that they were already on board with this but due to NDA he could not say anything.  Now months later two vehement denials by Amazon and Garza struggling around with proxy browser plugins to use to effect purchase at Amazon.
No direct acceptance of his coin by them, no working relationship whatsoever. 
Part of the con to lure the people in.
@_date: 2015-01-03 00:04:40
Indeed what a mess my post came out to be.
Your best bet is to read through the live coverage and analysis as things happened and as things happened through the course of all of this:
The first page gives a synopsis of events but not of everything.
maybe you can enter that thread and make your offer there as well, there are enough who have witnessed it all to perhaps construct a group effort response that you seek. Even try the OP suchmoon who is probably your best bet for a clear and concise unbiased view of the whole saga.
@_date: 2015-01-03 00:19:10
Pretty much sums up the current affairs and from the horse's own mouth too:
@_date: 2015-01-01 20:12:47
Garza guaranteed that the second paybase opened he would buy the coins for 20 dollars a pop. Never happened. Another lie to lure the unsuspecting in and to stay. There are indeed archives all over recording this. Most are in the bitcointalk. thread on the subject
@_date: 2015-01-02 23:45:00
I can help with this having witnessed it from the very beginning. Most of it has been recorded by but us scattered far and wide over the months. It would take some time to cull organize everything. The sum if it all is this:
 Garza came on the scene with a promise that: 
-he has 100 million financial backing, 
-he has agreed upon relationships with Amazon, Walmart and Target where you would be able to spend the paycoin directly with once paybase opened for operation.
What he then went on to do is drop innuendo, hints and outright misleading press releases suggesting that all of this is true. And all of it couched behind NDA's whereby he could not "talk about". 
The above the bait to draw everyone in.  Now the reality of all of this is:
- a very cunningly crafted press release designed to suggest that Cantor Fitzgerald was their financial partner in this matter. This to prop up the suggestion that indeed they do have 100 million behind them. However on closer examination it is his friend's father Stuart Fraser who happens to be the Co-Chairman of CF who is supporting Gaza in a personal capacity and it is not the company itself being involved.
read that carefully indeed Fraser is an early investor in Garza's earlier wireless internet company. And indeed Fraser is Co-Chairman if Cantor Fitzgerald. But that is all.
This matter was drawn out for months and never addressed always being suggested that NDA's prevented it being discussed.
- Once everyone signed on believe all the above, the statement by Garza that he had Amazon Walmart and Target already on board and in partnership and on standby, all references to this were deleted and erased from their forum.  Thereafter it shifted into outright denial that it was ever said. However there are remnants of many posters exclaiming dismay and disbelief that once the operation became underway, there was not relationship with Amazon, Walmart an Target.
[ quotes ]
(a) so you dont have amazon, walmart and target lined up to accept hashcoin, bummer
(b) So, basically, there is no big merchant adoption like the one that has been advertised.
(c) As an end user, I was already under the assumption that major merchant adoption was in place by previous statements. It now looks to be very different in scope. I would just caution to be very careful in wording you commitments towards your Customer base. Misleading statements will break the trust barrier and it is hard win those folks back into the circle.
(d) hmmm...I thought you had big merchants ready to go and I thought you had purchased a better name than Hashcoin...im kinda confused at this point...
Those remnant comments have since been scrubbed from their forum.
Even so I am fairly confident that enough people if asked directly do they recall Garza explicitly confirming existing partnerships with Amazon, Walmart and Target, they would absolutely confirm so.
Since all that further investigations by coinfire.cf garnered absolute denials by these companies having anything to do with Garza and his companies.  All the while Garza continued the pretense with continued reference to NDA's being in place and that he could not discuss anything.
And lo and be hold that is exactly where we are today. Zero connection or relationship with Amazon, Walmart and Target, a second set of absolute confirmations by these companies that they have nothing to do with Garza and his companies. Garza now frantically trying to introduce a browser plugin to interface and allow his victims to effect purchases from these stores. No 100 million dollars at all as evidenced by the sudden tack away from creating a 20 dollar floor at the time of his coin launch something that was again promised and guaranteed in order for everyone to continue in his scheme.
Thereafter and in between a whole host of lies and trickery to keep everyone placated. Outright lies misdirections and false claims and promises. Others can address all that if they wish to ample fresh evidence confirming it all along with archived posts and screen prints etc.
The crux of the matter is as mentioned before the entire trick to get people signed up thinking that they had this massive financial backing and that they were in partnership with this massive vendors, is what the scam is and where it started.
@_date: 2015-01-03 01:52:08
I almost forgot. Part and parcel of it all, is the name Paycoin itself.  Garza effectively muscled in and submitted a trade mark application all while there is an existing / prior usage of that name.
Summarily barreled in, grabbed the name Paycoin affixed a TM to it, while it already exists.
The "owner" of the current name who has filed an objection against it:
Garza's application:
And there in lies the deceit. While he bandies about the name Paycoin with the TM marking, it is not in fact trademarked to him or anyone. It will take nearly 12 months to make its way through the system where the original owner's objection will meet with Garza's application and it will more than likely be denied (that is Garza's application).
Par for the course effectively a blatant lie claiming it is trade marked and that it is his trade mark.  Anywhere and everywhere you see Paycoin it suggests it is a registered mark:
@_date: 2015-01-01 19:57:42
Well you all just witness a sliver of the scam:
1. That is not a Wall Street Journal article. It is the blog of a crypto currency writer there.
2. Cantor Fitz has nothing to do with this. It so happens the co-chairman is an old friend of the family who has invested in the past in his efforts and is supporting him in a personal capacity in this one.
Note how cunningly these two facts are modified into their marketing scheme. It is intended to leave the impression that Cantor Fitz themselves are investors in this mess. The blog at the WSJ is regurgitating a press release that Gaw Miner put out.