@_author: lleti
@_date: 2014-04-27 20:27:11
Why link a market that only has 11BTC of Volume?
More accurate history of the price of doge: 
@_date: 2014-11-07 22:35:58
Yep, I'm lleti, as the name implies :)
I worked directly with Ferd and Mike in trying to retrieve MintPal, after [writing about my personal experiences with Moolah, and Ryan Kennedy](
The MintpalJustice article was not written by myself, although I did assist in proof-reading (looking for typo's etc). I offered to post this on behalf of Mike/Ferd.
The wallet itself is held by Jordan Fish - and I've nothing to do with fundraising, or handling any of the funds myself.
Lastly, I never banned users with any conflicting interests, nor could I mod any threads with Moolah-related content; I was actually the mod who brought in the rule whereby any moderator working with any crypto-related company was disallowed from carrying out any moderator actions within a thread/post discussing the company they worked with. Alongside this, I actually stepped down as a moderator a couple of weeks before starting work at Moolah/MooPay. Myself being a moderator, and working with Moolah/MooPay never actually overlapped.
@_date: 2014-11-08 01:35:54
No, the thread is right there for viewing? You don't need to believe me to check the thread itself.
To be honest, you were banned so often for trolling on dogecoin, it's sort of hard to keep track. But you were never banned by myself for any direct Moolah-related content, while I was working with Moolah. The above example shows me banning you months before I began work with them.
@_date: 2014-11-08 01:30:08
Sorry, I had forgotton about that one - that was your 3 day ban, not the longer ban that was put upon you after you registered 7 or 8 sockpuppets to begin spamming threads, iirc.
This was actually not a ban against you badmouthing Moolah, however. It was a ban against you acting abusive towards all moderators (inclusive of myself), and acting out against the rules put in place to allow moderators to work within the crypto industry, but not being allowed to moderate on threads which contained critique towards the companies which they worked for.
This was also in April, long long before I ever worked with Moolah.
@_date: 2014-11-08 00:35:01
Nope, I never banned you. I disliked you, but never banned you. I was unable to ban you, or remove any of your posts in regards to Moolah, due to the rule that I enacted within the moderators, whereby a mod cannot take moderator action against a user when it involves criticism or otherwise against the company they work for.
@_date: 2014-03-18 05:34:09
We implemented digishield as a countermeasure to multipool hammering. Our difficulty swings a lot more quickly now - it immediately rises to penalise multipool connections, and immediately drops after they leave. For example, 10 minutes ago when you posted that, doge was at 890. Currently, it's at 1050.
@_date: 2014-06-15 15:28:02
I like that this isn't in r/dogecoin so I can say "fuck off you strange child" in a blunt manner, rather than subtley saying it across a few paragraphs. 
Filevo : yes, some business ideas do not work. Harsh reality of life. Was also about 4 years ago.
Redstonehost : extremely profitable. Runs a tonne of servers for non-profits too. Complaints stem from users who are mostly seeing root access for the first time. I think at one point we ran about 30% of the Minecraft servers that were online at any one time, which leads to the vocal minority actually becoming a large number. With most hosting now being done by Mojang's realms service, the hosting business for MC is now winding down for the most part, giving me time to expand elsewhere. 
vAsic : profitable. Shipping problem with one out of 4 of our products, only because we're I believe the only ASIC seller to check for DOA units before shipping. 
Mining : why on earth would I long-term mine on devices that I am selling. It would nullify the above selling point. 
Market price : on batch 1, mini seeds sold at $74.99. Current market price: $198 from hashmaster, sold out elsewhere. Typical lowest price before selling out: $99.99. For unmodded devices. 
Moolah : makes a ridiculous amount of profit. The running cost is minimal. 
Reason for downvoting : fuck off, you strange child. You may PM me to discuss your largely imagined information in future. 
- lleti
@_date: 2014-04-03 23:35:24
If we found any shading ongoings at moolah, we would make a sticky announcement, and ban them from any further posting.
This has not happened. As such, we would not pin/sticky any scaremongering on the topic. If you have a legitimate concern alongside proof that Moolah is a "ponzi scheme" as you pointed out (note: we remove posts that attack any dogecoin businesses in this manner, with zero proof), then you may feel free to post it on our subreddit.
Otherwise, the bitcoin sub does not have any interest in dealing with dogecoin's internal politics; and we have set out several rules against user's posting dogecoin related content on here.
Please refrain from doing so in the future. If you wish to contact the mods directly, you may submit a mod mail.
@_date: 2014-11-08 01:54:14
You really were banned a lot for trolling on Dogecoin. You were one of the most mentioned people in the moderator chat. The bans were made more permenant when we had to get admins to confirm you had several sockpuppet accounts in order to ban-evade.
A huge amount of dogecoin users "owned" part of Moolah via the PIE shares (although this wasn't actually ownership) - the work ongoing at the moment is actually to attempt to get justice on behalf of those that he conned. The posted link isn't from myself either - it's being run by  , and  . I simply offered to post the link.
And no, really, you were banned for non-stop trolling. Your long term ban was also handed down by a mod other than myself, after sockpuppet verification.
Either way, I'm no longer a mod with ; if you want to argue the above, I'd recommend shooting them off a PM. There's nothing I can do in regards to your status on that subreddit. And as noted, I finished at Moolah, as after writing a full article detailing everything that happened there, Ryan fired all staff members. So er, I think if anything, my bias would be against Moolah/Ryan at this point.