@_author: lllama
@_date: 2016-08-09 20:48:03


So you think that if I get a haircut, someone can't say to someone else they want to same haircut, because the the haircut was created by the person that originally cut my hair?
You're taking a position where you say because you 'devised' something you have to get to have absolute control over what happens to it. 
This is why your position is not easily defensible, this is not a natural right (if it is, explain why??), but merely a privilege that you're asking for from society. You'll convince more people if you're able to articulate why what you think makes you deserving of it. Your absolute position becomes even more untenable when you realise that every piece of content you've ever created is based on the ideas and concept of others, most of whom you probably did not compensate.
Take something like a TV series. Most of these vastly borrow from culture, and the better ones manage to contribute back to it. Should people by default be excluded from it, because of your "right"?
Even if your answer is an extremist "yes of course unless they give me the amount of money I demand", most people will agree with multiple positions (including ones not mentioned by me) that are at loggerheads with each other. 
If you want to convince people you'll have to work the space in between and not pick the extreme of one position (which you are doing by screaming "theft" at a "crime" (or crime without quotes if we go by the law, but again this does not decide morality) where no-one agreed to compensate you for your efforts before you expanded them, and you lost nothing of value when it was 'taken' from you other than the uniqueness of the thing you made.
I too have made content (software as it happens to be) that was widely copied without paying me the price that was set for it. But I still think your position is ridiculously extreme and unmotivated by what you post.
@_date: 2016-08-04 08:16:27
Uhm, because he got money from nCrypt based on the promise that he would prove he is Satoshi?
He didn't just claim he has access to some of the private keys, he demonstrated this to people enough for them to believe it. 
He didn't demonstrate it to you or me, but that was never his motive. His motive was to proof to some people that he could proof to other people he was Satoshi. He failed at that in the end, but got pretty close.
Occam's razor should tell you he probably has the keys too. Occam's razor should also tell you it's because he knew about bitcoin early, had knowledge enough to participate in the community, and probably dealt with whomever generated them.
Of course Occam's razor isn't always right. Maybe he hacked a factory sealed computer - not exactly rocket science - or had a pre-tampered factory sealed computer handy - actually sounds more difficult to me from a practical perspective -. 
But you don't have to extrapolate far from the more likely scenario (a little speculation is needed of course) to see why he would behave like this. He's probably not the only one with the keys, or due to his paranoid personality fears he is not the only one with them.
Throwing in more personal speculation, he was probably a hanger-on early in the community or knew someone who was involved, and got the keys like that (with or without permission). 
@_date: 2016-08-09 16:25:52
If you want to convince other people you'll have to articulate your position a bit better. (I pay for at least most of my content so I'm probably not your prime target).
There are lots of moral arguments for stealing (if your child is starving, by all means steal a piece of bread).
If I get a haircut, and then someone else tells their mother "cut my hair like that" is it clear cut morally wrong? This analogy is just as close to your situation as the one you are describing.
If you want to convince other people you'll have to use better arguments than "X is morally wrong because Y is morally wrong, and even though is not the same but it's sort of like it so I'm right".
You said it's your RIGHT to create content, and control who can and can not make copies of that content. If you can better articulate why you feel that is your right, you can better engage the people you're trying to convince. 
Certainly the law supports your position (mostly anyway, not as universally as you seem to think), but laws do not create morals. E.g. the law forbids certain drug usage, but you'd have a hard time convincing people that's a reason for following the law, let alone that that means it's morally wrong to -let's say= smoke weed. (I hear a lot of content creators tend to.. indulge over the average).
If you want to make a moral appeal ("it's wrong", "I have the right") you'll have to support your argument if you want to convince people of that.
@_date: 2016-08-04 10:23:11
Huh? Of course he is a fraud. Where do I say he's not? 
Or did you at some point seriously believe this person "is Satoshi"?
Explain it to me in simple terms then. What is your most most logical explanation for Gavin Andresen verifying his signed message on a previously still shrinkwrapped laptop bought by an assistent? You *seriously* think this confused sociopathic person could have preplanned and executed that so flawlessly?
Again, Occam's razor. We know he had access to some of the people involved early on. This is not speculation. We know the tricks he *is* good at. Is -for example- a simple social engineering attack, or an unpatched SSH flaw on the computer of one of the people with access to the keys (at a time these keys had mostly just sentimental value) harder to believe?
@_date: 2016-08-10 06:34:43
Do you seriously believe you live in a society where people should only care about capitalistic principles?
@_date: 2016-08-09 08:09:32
Since you're the one asking in the first place, I hope it doesn't bother you to be asked; why is it a right? (i.e. what's your moral argument).
People are getting something for nothing all the time, and people being underpaid for the economic value they create is one of the main pillars of capitalism. If you want to convince other people (not necessarily me mind you) you'll have to make a stronger argument.
@_date: 2019-07-24 14:35:46
I don't even remember how long I've known about bitcoin. 
I have a post from 7 years ago explaining why the FBI must have definitely infiltrated Silkroad (it was downvoted to -1). I think another one from 8 years ago, talking about my belief there is a high chance that an exploit would be found in core.
But before joining I already had the core set up at some point, trying to get the first (I think) GPU miner to work, which I abandoned because my Ati card was not supported.
I've always found the tech interesting, even if I believed there was a weakness in having a single client at the time (underestimating the talent involved in core), until I better understood the wallet system (cold storage of your seeds etc).
With an investment of a few thousand or even hundred dollars, either in mining (I even had free electricity at the time) or buying coins (though that was not as easy as it sounds back then) "I would be a multimillionaire now".
To be honest I've never lost a single minute of sleep about it. I don't regret being interested in this technology and not thinking immediately how to make money from it.
I think it's worse for people that had coins and lost them, or sold them early. I could have been in that boat if I actually got it to work, since in short time the two computers I owned were stolen. Since I had no serious interest in getting rich quick, I doubt I would have any more backups.
@_date: 2019-07-02 13:44:55
This guy might be fake, but you are an idiot.
@_date: 2019-07-03 08:03:49
So if I hurt my knee can I or can I not get treated in a Cuban hospital?
@_date: 2019-07-02 13:46:34
@_date: 2017-12-15 12:32:19
Induced demand will probably not lower fees by that much, but yes, at least the network will clear more transactions.
@_date: 2017-12-18 07:03:19
If fiat was legacy the prices would be in mBTC or something.
@_date: 2018-09-04 12:59:10
What got me to buy my first bitcoin is the realization that you can store this key *in your head*.
Yes, yes, I hear you all scream, brainwallets are dangerous! But they are altogether possible with the right precautions.
With what other financial product can a sentence and some numbers you hold in your head have vast wealth that -unless you give it up yourself- is otherwise untakeable?
@_date: 2018-08-24 13:25:27
With me it had the balance from the bankruptcy claim still there. I just had to press a button to resubmit, and provide some (optional) extra details.
@_date: 2018-08-24 13:28:05
Thanks for the tip on using email instead of username. I managed to file the claim after that.
I also didn't need to recheck my balance, the EUR and BTC amounts from the bankruptcy claim were pre-filled.
@_date: 2018-08-24 13:24:18
You are lucky. 
I don't know why you expected nothing back, considering it's widely known about a quarter of the coins were still there. So would have gotten your full money (based on the worth of the coins at the time), except you were too late to claim.
Now due to rehabilitation happening instead of bankruptcy, you're likely to get a lot more (if the price does not crash before this thing is over).
Or... you know.. don't. Then the rest of us will get more.
@_date: 2016-03-04 13:47:34
@_date: 2019-03-28 15:55:29
When you pay down principal on a loan, the bank does not keep that money. It simply goes away. One moment the database says "you have a 1000 loan and 100 in your account", the next it's "you have a 900 loan and 0 in your account". There's no entry anywhere increasing the bank's money with that 100.
Interest however is kept by the bank. This will go to their own account, where it can be retained as capital, payed out as profit, invested, etc.
@_date: 2019-03-28 09:25:49
It's up to a bank to decide whether they require collateral, not a law. 
@_date: 2019-03-28 10:52:47
What do you think happens when money is deposited into a bank account? Let's say you from your account at bank B send me some money in bank A.
You seem to think a bank can then use this money to give someone a mortage. But then what happend to money you gave me? Do I find a note in my account saying "sorry we used this for a mortage"? Or does the bank just lie to me? Or is my money someone not "real" anymore since the person with the mortage has the "real" money?
@_date: 2019-03-28 18:33:30
Lending money to buy crypto, sure. Lending you crypto that's not backed by anything? I don't see any evidence of of what you say. 
@_date: 2019-03-28 12:27:30
Of course money "is not in paper anymore".
But you seem to hold on to some weird theory that there is some kind of money is my account is not money, but there is some another kind of money that banks have and "settle" with each other.
That is incorrect. The money in my bank account is real money, and you can't just use it to give someone else for a mortgage.
The money that gets created in an account when someone takes out a mortgage is just as real as the money I have in my deposit account, and there is no magical other money in a "ledger" somewhere that backs it.
You also have a completely wrong idea of how bank transfer works. Bank transfers are centrally cleared, this is the main reason central banks were created. Bank A simply tells the central bank x amount of money is sent from one of their account to another account in Bank B, and the central bank clears the transaction. 
Bank A and Bank B don't keep a ledger, they don't settle with currency, and they don't settle with digital money.
What you describe is an extension of an old banking system, where people brought currency to a bank and had balances that exceed the amount amount of currency physically with the bank. From which we got a system of cheques and "bank notes" which banks settled amongst each other.
You seem to think this system was somehow digitized, but you don't explain how or with what. Except that it's digital and "has ledgers". But of course you can't explain how it works exactly (they "settle at the end of the day" but with what? coins? notes? sugar cubes? bitcoins?), because it does not exist.
The central banking system is simply a different system. You might start by asking yourself why it's called "central" banking if you think banks still individually settle with each other.
@_date: 2019-03-28 11:20:46
The first thing you have to understand about money created from loans is that when the loan is payed back the money is gone again. Interest however remains with the bank. So a bank can not just create money and keep it.
Banks are only licensed if they meet certain criteria, most notably their risk expose versus their capital can't be too high. 
So instead of looking at reserves vs obligations (a very simple sum, since they are both hard number), instead there is the CAR, a much more complex calculation since a lot of risk is essentially subjective. So we get very complicated procedures (based on the Basel criteria) to assess this. This calculation can drastically change based on how markets are doing (as we saw with the last crisis), so a healthy bank can suddenly be unhealthy.
Please keep in mind reserves and capital are completely different things. "Reserves" is a concept essentially based on currency. It used to tell you how much actual physical currency a bank had in their possession. While there still exists a digital equivalent of this, it is largely irrelevant (e.g. banks in Canada and the UK have no reserve requirements at all anymore).
Capital however, is money that belongs to the bank itself (So indirectly its shareholders). It is brought in by the shareholders, or by retaining profits.
The final thing that prevents banks from running amock is that they will lose their license if they keep loans on their books indefinitely. A loan that has no chance of being payed back, must be payed back (written off) by the bank itself. This effectively lowers capital, so it effects the CAR.
So as you can see, CAR is a lot more fluid than a reserve requirement. It's dependent on how risks are assessed, and when loans are written off (of course both deal with the same thing, a loan that has a high chance of being written off is higher risk).
This is why banks were "doing fine" and making billions of profits, and a few months later were in danger of collapse. It's not because they were "running out of money" (there really is no such thing for a bank), it's because th risk weighting of their assets drastically changed and loans had to be written off.
@_date: 2019-03-28 21:22:52
This seems more like what I asked for, because a crypto is the base pair you get a loan for (even if it's within a siloed system, but that was within my requirements).
While it doesn't technically say whether the (for example) btc you are loaned is backed with actual btc or not, the fact it doesn't seem to be an issue enough to mention it points to a degree of acceptance towards that type of practise.
I suppose I can better imagine now what you mean as a possibility. Where bitcoin on the ledger acts as a hard currency, but there is derivative bitcoin credit vastly exceeding original bitcoin in value but is happily accepted by most. 
While it seems hard to imagine, acceptance of the current monetary system was probably hard to imagine by people still paying in gold coins. 
Thanks for the perspective.
@_date: 2019-03-28 17:06:56
Practically all money can *only* be debt in the current monetary system. So of course people accept this.
Bitcoin debt as "bitcoin" will always be in conflict with another definition, Bitcoin is what it says on the ledger.
There's no mechanism currently for accepting bitcoin debt as bitcoin. There is no legal framework for it. Maybe people will accept it one day, but that remains to be proven. 
@_date: 2019-03-28 16:59:36
Bank creates loan to self, immidiatly pays it off, now has newly created money.
Why aren't all banks doing this in your world? Because they are so benevolent? 
@_date: 2019-03-28 09:26:22
Any commercial bank creates money when they lend. 
@_date: 2019-03-28 15:51:12


Reducing clearing to the central bank doesn't mean there is no central bank clearing. Fedwire is the central clearing system in the US. You pay to use it, so banks use tricks like this to use it less.
Unfortunately the explanation "the Fed will debit the funds from the sending bank's reserve account and credit the receiving bank's account." is an oversimplification. This seems to imply a fedwire is an instrument for moving funds between reserve accounts of banks, but it is a credit transfer mechanism, or "liability" as you prefer, or quite more simply put "someone's money in a bank". 
The money you have in your checking account is not sitting in a federal reserve account, your money is not "the banks money". It's not put in a reserve account to transfer it. It's not money in reserve accounts that is sent, it is -to use your term- the liability the bank has (to for example you, or CHIPS), which is replaced ("transferred") by a liability at another bank (for example to you again, or someone else, or CHIPS, etc). But liability is just another word for money here, since when that deposit is in your account, everyone calls that money (so that's what it is).
If fedwire requires immediate balancing of payments through reserve accounts instead of end of day, I genuinely didn't know, but the principle stays the same. 
All interesting, but not directly related to _creating_ money.




Of course a liability is created here. That doesn't mean no money is created because it is just "shifting liabilities". See my example [here]( Feel free to respond there.
@_date: 2019-03-28 09:27:35
When you pay back a loan the money does not go to the bank, it dissappears. Only interest is kept by the bank. 
@_date: 2019-03-28 13:57:41


People already happily do this with non well-established non-insured services. It's still not an accepted definition that this creates more bitcoins. 


This is simply WRONG.  If you transfer money from bank A to bank B it does not create a liability between these banks. What you are describing is the *opposite* of a **central** bank system. Central banks were invented explicitly not to have this situation. I don't know who or where you got this information from, but please inform them they are fools.
There is also no liability created to the central bank. Banks *are* required to balance their settlements with the *central* bank **end of day** (this never affects your ability to transfer money from one bank to another during the day), but this does not create any liabilities. It's simply a requirement.
What happens in practise is that a bank where more money went out than came in will take a short term loan from another bank where more money came in then went out (which that bank will create just like they do when they make a mortage for you), which will balance out. This can be from *any* bank, including the central bank. The central bank also allows a bank to deposits or withdraw its own capital (not the money of depositors!) at the central bank to create this balance. 
But this is hardly an inhibitor for creating money.  If you create a 10.000 loan, you will get the 10.000 back even if it goes to another bank first. All it takes is time. In fact you will get back more since a typical loan also requires interest payments.
So a commercial bank that suddenly creates a whole bunch of mortgages where people immediately transfer their money to other bank's deposit accounts will need a lot of short term loans from other banks. Not because they need the money, but for their balance of payments with the central bank. Of course other banks will be happy to lend with low interest to a bank that just got a lot of future income.
Note that this in many situations does not even come into play. If I am with Bank A, get a mortgage there, and buy a house from you who is also with Bank A none of this involves central clearning and the balance of payments with the central bank (or anything you might think of as a liability), yet money is created all the same.
@_date: 2019-03-28 12:47:03
Let's say there's a bank which has 10.000$ in capital, and there are 2000$ in deposits. And the bank gave out 500$ in mortgages.
There is 12.000$ here.
Now I come to the bank and say I want a mortgage for 1000$. The CAR allows this (by a very wide margin).
So they create an account for me with 1000$ in it.
There's now 10.000$ in capital, and 2000 + 1000 = 3000$
Total is 13.000$. 
Did the bank create money or not?
Now Dr. Kenneth comes to the bank, he wants a mortgage for 50.000$. Let's say we assess the risk of these mortgage at 100% and let's calculate our CAR. $10.000 in capital and 500 (start of example) + 1000 + 50000 is a CAR of almost 20%. Since Basel III CARs can go as low as 10,5% so this is fine. And of course, the change that you pay back the mortgage is higher than 0%, if weigh the risk or mortages at 50% instead of 100%, you can even get a mortage for 90.000$
There is now 10000$ + 2000$ + 1000$ + 50000$ = 63.000$
Did the bank create money?
@_date: 2019-03-28 10:26:19
Where did this "money they already had on deposit" come from? 
@_date: 2019-03-28 09:28:54
Except banks don't use fractional reserve banking anymore, and instead are licensed to create new money. 
@_date: 2019-03-28 10:24:35
That is true, if you count an Internet page showing you a balance of bitcoin as bitcoin.
It is not true from the perspective of the ledger. 
The difference is that in modern monetary systems that internet page is also the ledger. 
@_date: 2016-06-06 17:09:03
Android phones can do this too (at least for ING).
@_date: 2019-03-28 17:38:57
Almost all of these claim 1 on 1 backing. Can you name a payment provider that does not?
In fact even an exchange that lets you trade bitcoins that are not backed? 
@_date: 2019-03-18 14:14:20
Checking accounts improve liquidity for banks.
This is why for many banks in many countries checking accounts used to be free (including of fees of any kind).
@_date: 2019-03-28 13:03:13


Coinbase can show me a "balance" of 1 bitcoin, that they may or may not have. I can then claim I have that I have a bitcoin, some in the bitcoin community will say "oh yay you're so lucky with your bitcoin" and others will say "not your keys so not your bitcoins".
Let's say I want to transfer my bitcoin to Binance. Coinbase could show Binance the screenshot that I have a Bitcoin, tell Binance to give me one bitcoin on their platform, and promise they will take it out of my account. Maybe even promise to send a screenshot after where my balance is 0. You already know Binance will not accept this. They want coinbase to sign on the ledger that 1 bitcoin goes from Coinbase's wallet to that of Binanance.
Now imagine I have 1000$ in my bank account. If I tell this to I'm sure *someone* will tell me this is only an illusion and not really my money, but generally most people will subscribe to the idea I have 1000$.
Now let's say I want to transfer that money to another bank. The stuff with the screenshots is *essentially* what happens, though instead of going from bank to bank my bank tells the *central* bank it wants to do this, and the central bank will inform the other bank to put 1000$ in an account in my name (a new entry in their database).
Now let's say I want to borrow a Bitcoin from Coinbase. They *could* just put a number in a database somewhere and it will tell me I have bitcoin. Coinbase swear they don't do this, and have audits to proof they don't etc, but yes you are right, others do it and admit it, and (perhaps even more) other did it without telling anyone. It usually doesn't end well, because when people find out they all try to get their bitcoins out, and there's not enough for everyone.
What if I want a loan from a bank? Like I explained, they can make an account in their database with 1000$ (from nowhere). What happens if I transfer this money to another bank? Will the central bank want some kind of proof of where this money came from, like that someone else deposited it first? No. It's as intended. They won't even ask where it comes from. If bank A wants to transfer to bank B, it doesn't matter if the money was deposited or created. 
@_date: 2019-03-28 10:16:42
So I take out a mortage. There's now 100.000 on my account.
You say it was not created. Where did it come from?
@_date: 2019-03-28 09:44:36
I don't know where you get this information from, but you've severely misunderstood it.
US and European commercial banks create money when they loan. 
This has nothing to do with reserve requirements for the deposits, instead it is governed by their CAR which is based on something vastly more complicated than just reserves since it involves risk weighted assets.
While banks certainly have requirements other than that, for example related to deposits at their bank, these can (and as a common daily practise are) easily be met by borrowing from other banks or as a last resort central banks. 
@_date: 2018-10-17 07:58:07
I'm willing to accept that this exists somewhere, but:
- not wholesale (in any case not down to 3c)
- even rarer as a 24/7 source (most would be spot pricing)
- not outside of a rare few places in the world
Yet not every mining operation that we hear about is in those places.
We hear about "upstate New York" all the time, but you're nor going to get down to 3 cent. We hear about Quebec which was around 5 cent. We hear about Iceland, where only Alcoa got that rate in the past (when buying half the islands power) , and that's now over for them too. 
So let's suppose somewhere in China there's someone getting a rate low enough to also pay for miners, cooling, warehousing, staff etc. Still does not make sense all these other people keep their equipment on if they're running at a loss just on electrical price alone. 
In fact, that difficulty keep rising despite violent prices swings strongly suggest a large majority of miners have a pretty wide margin, at least before sunk costs. 
@_date: 2019-03-28 10:46:58
The difference is a bank can transfer this money to another bank. If Coinbase starts just showing me a balance they can not transfer this to another exchange, let alone a bitcoin address, without using the private keys of actual bitcoins.
A bank can create a balance and transfer it to another bank. 
@_date: 2019-03-28 21:23:58
If a bank is allowed to create money for a loan *and* keep it afterwards when the loan is paid back, then what's illegal about for regulatory oversight to step in?
@_date: 2018-10-17 08:34:34
You can calculate this from the other side too, of course.
Look at a cheapo Bitmain miner. An S9i, 14.5TH/s at 1350W. Well let's be skeptics and assume it's actually 10TH/s at 1500W. 
Google "mining calculator", throw in the numbers at 0.04 KWh prices.. WOW did I just outsmart those Chinese miners? It seems I'll be running at a 50% yearly profit. 
Of course we look at electricity usage only. Sure I'd have other costs (though it comes with a fan build in and everything..), but remember, we don't calculate these in the other calculation either. 
I hope no-one tells these Chinese miners about Bitmain, man!
In other words, the calculation is wrong, and by quite a bit. We see miners flock to to colder regions and be profitable, even if prices they are paying are well above 4 cents.
I'm sure _someone_ in China is getting 3 cents or even less, I'm also skeptical a very large percentage of the network is on these prices, but if they are, they'll be making massive profits, not barely running even after power prices.
@_date: 2017-01-04 12:22:58
Let's say there's an account at the ECB with 0 euros. Then they press a button somewhere, and there's 1000 euros in at. Then you buy a bond with it.
@_date: 2017-08-18 17:05:39
If only I had a satoshi for every time CNN told workers to seize the means of productions.. 
@_date: 2018-10-16 21:51:19
Bitcoin marketcap: $114,096,481,597
Total electricity usage worldwide:  23,322TWh (2013, likely went up since). 0.6% is about 140TWh = 140,000,000,000 KWh. At the very generous low low price of 4 dollar cents per KWh that's $5.600.000.000 in cost.
The inflation rate for Bitcoin is 3.86% which comes to about $4.400.000.000 based on the above market cap.
Is the article suggesting people are mining at a loss, based on electrical cost alone? (before renting space, buying mining equipment, salaries, etc). And that this despite this loss miners keep investing? (Since difficulty keeps going up) even while knowing that in 2020 rewards will be halved.
Or is it seriously suggesting miners are getting sub 4 cent rated for electricity usage? (as far as I know such rates are generally reserved for aluminum smelters and the like)
Genuine question.
@_date: 2017-01-04 12:24:21
You mean bakeries in Denmark typically accept 200 and 100 euro bills? Even €50 bills are treated with suspicion here.
@_date: 2019-08-05 15:38:35
The eurozone does not have 3.5% inflation. It's currently under 2%. Eurostat. Or a 2 word google search, whichever you prefer.


Cherry pick as much as you want from EUR or USD. Go back 100 years if you want. Or to the very beginning. Do your worst.
The only major currencies to have ever shown such number have been after being at the losing end of catastrophic wars, if those currencies could even be considered "major" at that time.


This is just silly. Rates are not high, because there is little inflation (in the figures, again feel free to belief them or not). Commercial money creation is in a slump, despite it almost being free. That, even the most paranoid person can not deny.
If commercial money creation would pick up, and inflation would pick up as a result , there's nothing preventing the Fed or ECB to raise interest rates.
You predict some kind of next economic crisis. I doubt this crisis will spur a bunch of money creation from the commercial sector, so there will probably not be any reason to raise interest rates in that case. 
This past decade has borne out that some conventional thinking (central banks creating money leading to hyperinflation) wasn't quite correct. Central bank's efforts to replace commercial money creation are quite limited. Instead of creating major inflation, they could not even prevent deflation.
@_date: 2019-08-05 17:04:22


Which is completely useless as you live in one city, not a whole country.
Which is completely useless as prices you pay are largely governed by things like housing prices, services, etc in your local neighbourhood, not the whole city.
You seem to suggest inflation is driven by "printing money", but somehow this devaluation of money only affected your specific area and not the rest.
You're suggesting there is a kind of gourmet, local inflation only ECB?


ok 


ok. 
Bitcoin is still most volatile, hence (rightfully) perceived as riskier. What's your point?


Ok, so lending will fail even more. Even less money will be created. . Shit tier currencies all over the world will collapse. In other countries with reasonably well managed currencies people get nervous.
Now they have to choose: do I put my money in USD/EUR or Bitcoin? Of course some will choose Bitcoin. But what's suddenly unattractive about USD/EUR? The last crisis it was a safe haven, or so it looked like to people. And people still believe it is so safe they are willing to *pay* just to hold (hodl?) it for 30 years.
You or I might be able to poke holes in this story (though you're not articulating it well), but you and I are not most people in the world. 
There is simply nothing to suggest people in a next crisis will be massively more skeptical of USD or EUR. If there is, bring me proof of it.
Choosing between Bitcoin or EUR/USD will still be driven by the risk people are willing to take, availability, understanding, ease of use, etc.
Low/no growth, reduced commercial money creating, central banks buying and endless pool of shit tier assets and bonds, trying but failing to fight deflation and hardening of their currency. Consumers cutting spending, and either paying down their debt or defaulting on it. Tell me why in the next crisis that won't happen again?
@_date: 2019-08-05 14:41:07


Based on the inflation rate you name it's not USD, EUR, Yen or if we're being gracious the RMB or Pound. So whatever currency you're thinking of it's not a "major currency" by any stretch.
3.5% inflation is a lot better than 400% (Bitcoin going from 20k to 5k). Like I said there's an upside for Bitcoin (we won't see the currency in your country deflate 50% any time soon like bitcoin going from 5k to 10k), but this just proofs how volatile it is.


Such as the one I name in the next sentence after the one you quote.
@_date: 2019-08-05 10:45:54
Official inflation rates (even if you don't believe them, others do) of major currencies are under that of Bitcoin, even at a time when central banks created a lot of money.
Whether people will switch savings to Bitcoin depends on their assessment of more than just inflation though, volatility holds both the promise of risk and reward.
If you know you're currency is pretty much guaranteed to half in value every few months, bitcoin gets attractive, even if it just had a &gt;50% cut in value itself, at least (as we see) there is a chance it will get back up.
While there are of course horrific economic scenarios one can think of for the next crisis, but USD/EUR have powerful tools in their hands to combat inflation. Raising interest rates will *contract* the money supply, while giving you a dividend for holding USD/EUR.
@_date: 2019-08-14 21:05:07
Argentina actually had some fair amount of early adoption when it comes to Bitcoin. People also have past experience with the Pesos collapsing. 
On the flip side the government has decent experience with capital controls.
Puts Bitcoin in an interesting position. 
Also you know a fiat coin is a shitcoin when it's symbol is ARS.
@_date: 2017-11-30 09:34:03
@_date: 2017-11-04 16:25:04
Linden was actually an easy way to buy bitcoin with your credit card card early on. There were (probably are?) exchanges for Linden to Bitcoin in the game build by people using using the game's scripting language. 
@_date: 2012-09-04 10:51:08
Yes. But I mostly find it hilarious.
@_date: 2012-03-26 22:27:30
If you have the wallet and forgot the password maybe, but I would not say these are the bulk of lost coins. I would think most lost coins are just lost because the private keys are no longer stored anywhere, encrypted or otherwise. 
@_date: 2012-01-28 11:22:15
Dutch/American law enforcement regularly take down child porn sites, collect the credit card payments, and then make arrests (source: the eight o'clock evening news). Building a website without vulnerabilities is extremely hard.
But the FBI goes much further than that, they'll infiltrate communities by using people. They'll even set up honeypots to lure people in, then silently arrest them, and use them to infiltrate other communities.
Read Kingpin by Kevin Poulson as an example of how far they'll go. It's highly unlikely the FBI is not already on Silkroad.
@_date: 2012-12-15 16:13:18
It'd be in the blockchain, even with pseudo-anonymous addresses it'd be very hard to hide (just Google for graphs about who currently control what hashing power).
Anyone could see if you start making a blockchain that leaves out certain transactions, it's not just developers that pay attention to that kind of thing.
@_date: 2012-03-26 22:32:57
Yes my point exactly, they are equally easy to "crack", so why go after the "lost" ones? 
And keep an eye on difficulty I'd say, that number essentially means how much easier mining is made compared to just making a transaction with someone else's money :)
@_date: 2012-12-14 15:22:46
Neither. 
I can fork the blockchain today. Anyone is free to then follow that chain. Hashing power has nothing to do with it.
Of course there is no way to choose which chain you want to follow in the current (to borrow terminology from Bittorrent) "mainline" bitcoin client, it will always follow the chain with the most hashing power (this, by the way, does not have to the chain with 50%+1, if there are 3 chains below 50% it will still follow the biggest one I believe), but this is just *convention*. We can decide to change the rules on this tomorrow -and going back in the chain and forking is just such a change-, and any other aspect of bitcoin (eg "halving", or the 10 minute windows). It's not the chain with the most hashing power that will "win", it's the chain in which people most trust to make transactions, because (obviously) that's what gives your bitcoins value.
Now, it's not likely there will be a large movement to change any of those things, because substantial forking will really fuck up trust because of the huge issues with it. But the comment I was replying talked about a scenario where such a fork does occur (eg due to sinister changes in the mainline client), and then incorrectly states hashing power will decide who wins.
@_date: 2012-03-27 06:54:54
Hm well you make a good point for the most common cryptographic attack combined with very heavy coin exhaustion. Which is plausible.
Though I stand by my comment bitcoin would be worthless after a single successful attack, so it doesn't matter much. If we're down to trading nano-bitocoins and someone steals a "full" bitcoin "from the past" the currency becomes worthless the moment this enters the blockchain, due to the deflation you point out.
@_date: 2012-12-15 09:01:29
Why do you think we follow the longest blockchain?
It's just a line of code in a piece of software. Software bitcoin users themselves run on their computer. It's not something immutable. 
Suppose you, reph, suddenly control 51% of hashing power. You think everyone else is going to be like "ah well I have this piece of mutable software code telling me reph is my god now, better not change it"?
@_date: 2012-09-04 09:30:51


@_date: 2016-09-20 17:13:39
Yeah you seem to be doing fine. I was asking @_date: 2012-03-25 23:13:02


Actually no. Finding a "lost" bitcoin is cryptographically as difficult as finding any random bitcoin (owned by anyone). The moment you can feasibly find bitcoins (lost or not) bitcoin is obsolete.
@_date: 2012-01-28 22:25:52
Just because *you* can't find it doesn't mean it's a crappy source.
Just like your inability to find information you want, doesn't impact the credibility of what I say. 
Tor doesn't make your server any safer, it just hides where it is. Crime forums have been taken down in the past, and never by finding the IP (not even criminals are that dumb). Disk encryption rarely helped anyone, either because law enforcement doesn't need the key (when you catch the server running it's not a problem) or because whomever has it usually won't mind trading it in for a few less years in prison. That last one is how most crimes are "solved" in the end.
BitCoin (despite it's well known weaknesses for anonymity) makes a big difference, though you'd be foolish to think you're safe for anything involving physical transactions.
@_date: 2012-07-09 14:52:25
I have to hand it to Dominic Conner, who gave an interesting perspective of problems such as at RBS:
In the last 2 paragraphs he made a pretty good prediction (though off by a few days).
@_date: 2012-03-26 22:41:33
Well yeah you might have said something, but you can't just throw out 2 different scenarios ("lost bitcoins will eventually be able to be recovered" and "we'll just keep making smaller bitcoins forever") and see which one sticks.
If the first is true it's the end of bitcoin (since you can crack any coin), and it's not entirely unplausable. So then the second one doesn't make much sense (no point in trading nanobitcoins if they're not safe).
@_date: 2012-01-28 02:20:20
You're underestimating the easiness of taking down a website. Breaking into the site isn't the difficult part (Onion routing doesn't help you one bit there). Prosecuting the users of the site is, because of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2012-01-28 19:28:17
Yeees, that paragon of unreliability, the national evening news. How would they ever know what the police of their country are up to? It's not like they made it their leading story interviewing several experts I mean that'd just be crazy, why rely on other people when you can make up stuff and put it online yourself like all the good non-shitty sources do? These are *internet* times man.
Luckily for you they invented this new.. invention. It's called "The Google" (just google for it, you'll find it). If you type magic words in there, like "dutch police tor", it might tell you more about the subject.
@_date: 2012-01-28 17:38:23


Yes on Tor. Said newsreport even included a 5 minute explanation to users what TOR is. (learn to Google man)


That's the point I make in my orginal post, slow poke.
@_date: 2012-12-15 08:49:12
Sorry you don't fully get it. You're just describing *one* possible attack of forking the block chain (50%+1 hashing power). Again, this "51%" is a myth on it's own, you just need to make the longest chain (if there's a split between more than two significantly chains you'll then need less).
But this "truth is the longest blockchain", is just convention, not law. A fork could make *any* new rules they want. Eg a model in which a central authority clears transactions instead of the users (very easy, just follow their blockchain). In the end which blockchain we follow is *political*, not based on 51% or any other percentage of hashing power. This is proven by your example of the mainline client, they have *political* power rather than hashing power.
In that sense bitcoin is a more "democratic" form of money than it's given credit for, though in it's current form this is only very stealthily present and even more obscured by the "51%" myth.
@_date: 2018-11-20 18:50:20
The reality is, Bitcoin usage is probably way up. It's certainly not novel anymore to pay for something with Bitcoin.
Scenarios talked about as speculation over the years (that drove significant hype) are now every day practise. Think for things like:
- remittances (e.g. south-east Asia)
- hedging against your local currency going down the toilet (e.g. Argentina)
- alternate payment system when a national currency completely collapses (e.g. Venezuela).
If we take the crypto market as a whole (and account for the fact people still move alts in and out of Bitcoin a lot), I'm pretty sure some of the original actual use cases (shady stuff, online gambling, etc) is also still going. Smart contracts are also used for *actual* products with respectable turnover.
This may not be "mainstream" yet, but we are well past the "there are dozens of us using Bitcoin in the real world!" phase, instead there are millions.
Of course price is still almost entirely hype driven and disconnected from this real world usage.
@_date: 2016-09-20 10:40:54
Of what things did you recently capture 0,1% of the national or global market?
@_date: 2012-03-27 06:45:33
Cryptographic standard for wallets and bitcoin are not the same. Other than that most wallets use guessable passphrases, while bitcoin does not.
@_date: 2018-03-07 11:53:20
not sure if idiot or part of the scam
@_date: 2018-02-08 13:33:04
So it's actually being used?
Based on the link you provided they "signed up" some customers, but there's no mention of an implementation yet.
@_date: 2012-12-14 10:54:22
You are propagating a myth here (51%). The block chain forking into several directions and clients doesn't have anything to do with "51%"
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:35:41
You're talking as if there are some kind of universal rules on "crediting", when in fact it's just your arbitrary opinion, probably formed on the spot.
If I would work fulltime on an app for 2 months and say "I made this app and released it to the app store today" there's not some kind of universal acceptance that that would be "wrong" of me if let's say 25% of the code was not mine.
Only cause some 16 year old girl did it and some creepy guy is posting it about it are we all suddenly everyone is going around adhoc forming opinions on authorship and then presenting them as authorative. That's some fucked up shit. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:40:52
Would you have brought up this story about the cute girl if OP would have posted "I'm a 35 year old neckbeard and spend the past two months making an app" and someone would have called them out saying he didn't write it all? 
@_date: 2017-10-31 11:03:37
Notes are printed and coins are minted (or destroyed) more or less on demand. It would be rather idiotic to only replace worn out notes, this would make money more and more scarce in countries with sustained cash use and inflation, and needlessly prevalent in societies that have moved to mostly digital payments.
Not to mention denominations being phased out, etc.
While not very significant on the scale of money created by banks and lately central banks, fluctuations in the amount of cash are not  completely insignificant either. Quite simply put, there are enormous stashes of cash out there, whether it's grandma keeping her money under the floorboards, drug lords with big stashes of it, people needing to pay oil smuggeled across borders, etc.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:24:42




@_date: 2018-03-26 15:38:18
Writing a 'sane' lightning client will be a lot harder than a 'sane' bitcoin client though. Particularly for fault recovery.
@_date: 2017-10-31 21:37:07
Tell what to them? That their government doesn't simply replace notes that have suffered some wear?
I think they already figured that one out.
@_date: 2017-10-31 14:53:02
Yes. We all know that's not quite how it works with bank notes.
No one in the US bought a pizza with 10.000 of them a few years back.
@_date: 2019-09-18 23:27:31
You list some generalities that are of course correct ("banks can't lend their balance sheet", no shit!).
But, banks don't use deposited reserves ("equal to cash") to do interbank transfers.
Bank A creates 10.000 credit (yes, also known as _money_), which is deposited in this very same bank A. 
Then bank B creates 10.000 of credit and it's deposited in bank B.
The owner of deposit at bank A wants to buy something for 10.000 from someone at bank B so Bank A transfers the money to bank B. At the same time the deposit holder at Bank B wants to pay someone in Bank A 10.000.
No reserves are exchanged either with the central bank (there might at some point have to have been deposits -present_ at the reserve bank, but nothing more). Nor have reserves been exchanged between bank A and B. But by all means imagine these reserves hopping back and forth between the two banks (the whole point of central settlement is _not_ to do that, but sure).
In the end 40.000 "credit" now still exists that didn't before.
Is the "credit" used in these transaction money? Well, did the deposit holders use money to buy something, or credit? Of course you know the answer.
This sum of transactions did not change anything in liquidity either, since as you can see no additional requirements exist at the end of it (except of course for the creation of more credit, but that's not what we are discussing here).
The situation would be different if the last transaction from B to A did not happen. A would face a liquidity shortage, since more money went out compared to in. 
Central banks do not allow that (in "classic" central banking settlement this would need to balanced over a day, in "modern" central banking deposits at the central bank cover this during the day, in present day banking this is just one of the many ways banks transfer "credit"). 
Why not? Well, that is actually a good question. One could make up horror stories about how if that were the case bank A could just create credit as much as it's risk weighted assets would allow and how bad that is, but that's pretty much still true. 
And this is what I was talking about.. even if the last transfer from B to A did not happen, Bank A can simply take out a loan from Bank B, then B will transfer that to A and the situation is as before (as much came out as went in). Or they could borrow it from Bank C, D etc. B or C don't have to temporarily rob their depositors for that (as many, -but not you- seem to think). They can create the credit (money), they are after all a bank.
Bank B in this situation is not able to make money (by lending to other banks) because they have excess reserves, "money", profit, deposits, etc etc. but because they have excess _liquidity_ (more going out than coming in)
Bank A is still fucked if noone wants to lend to it, or if they have to pay high interest rates (the interest _does_ have to come from somewhere, in the end from the banks reserves if there is no profit to retain, etc). Or if they simply don't have enough assets as collateral for these loans. 
But as long as interest A receives from all the credit they've created like this in the past exceeds interest they have to pay on these loans from other banks, there's no problem (this more or less automatically means they have good assets too).
With artificially low interest rates (and thus artificial low intrabank interest rates), normalization of 'last resort' lending from the central banks, or even talk of central banks extending these loans at low interest semi-permanently instead of other banks, you can almost ask why bother with the concept of liquidity at all? 
If the goal is to create credit where credit is needed, and every liquidity crush is fought with radical means... 
(as they used to say in this sub,  _this is good for bitcoin_)
@_date: 2019-09-30 07:00:14
Yes, but that doesn't change they charge extra to the cover the fee. It only means others indirectly pay even more fees. The "utility" of your visa card comes at an expense. 
This is why vendors that accept bitcoin or other cryptos (especially those not instantly converting back to fiat) can easily offer a discount higher than your cashback fee and still retain the same margins.
Obviously Bitcoin's fees are still considerable for low transaction amounts.
@_date: 2017-10-28 23:32:05
This is is hilarious.
@_date: 2019-09-30 05:59:30
They still pay for it.
You think Visa is taking a loss just to pay you a reward?
@_date: 2019-09-18 08:11:24
Pay out cash? No, liquidity refers to interbank settlement.
Cash is ridiculously tiny compared to that.
As you mentioned correctly, banks can create money. But once that money us created, people can actually use it, and send it to another bank.
For every dollar going out of your bank (through reserve bank settlement) you still need a dollar to come in, or cover it with a deposit at the reserve bank. If it helps think of transferring money that a bank created as more money going into circulation, and funds deposited at a reserve bank as money out of circulation.
Getting a dollar to come in is normally not difficult. Banks just borrow money from other banks (who can create the money) that had more dollars coming in then going out. Typically just a one day loan.
The bank making the loan will get interest for the it. They have alternatives though. The main one is they could buy treasuries, so they'll (more or less) only lend to other banks if the rate they get is better than that. A secondary one, is they can deposit it with the reserve bank themselves. 
A problem of the crisis is that banks don't trust each other anymore, not even for a single day loan, even though they are collaterized (the repo mechanism). 
The reserve bank has a main instrument here, by buying treausries (and selling if it wants to achieve the inverse), it raises the cost of buying them for other. Colloquially "the interest rate".
What happened with what the article describes is interest rates banks were charging each other were so much higher than what they would get for treasuries, the FED stepped in and started giving out loans itself.
This creates money, but meh. So does buying treasuries. As you already pointed out so does banks making loans. The fact that we see repo operations means the latter has slowed. So the zero hedge headline might as well be "so little fiat being created the FED had to step in and do it themselves".
@_date: 2019-09-19 10:19:22
You're mixing three models:
- actual exchange of reserves between banks (never really happened in a central settlement bank, since this is what central settlement was invented for to fix)
- intraday settlement (outdated and not used (much?) anymore)
- "As long as they keep the minimum required reserve, they don't need to do anything".
So which one is it buddy?
You're conflating too many things, starting with reserves of a bank, and deposits at a reserve bank. While you don't explicitly mention it, by saying "minimum reserve requirement" you probably conflate it with fractional reserve banking too (which is nigh irrelevant today).
"Modern" central settlement through a reserve bank is actually quite simple at heart. A bank can automatically settle payments for whatever came in, minus what came out, plus what they have deposited at the reserve bank. The deposit it not *used* for making payments, it doesn't change hands, it doesn't get credited (as under intraday settlement)
This is what leads to:
`central reserve bank deposits + incoming settlements - outgoing settlements = liquidity`
A bank that consistently has more outgoing payments than could choose to keep increasing their central reserve bank deposits... but why? If your bank is doing well, making lots of good loans, why get dragged down by having to increase your own reserves (at a 1 to 1 ratio no less!) just because, I dunno, your bank is not as good at attracting depositors (boring!). Banks want to leverage, not have their credit creation dragged down by things like attracting capital, retaining profits, etc.
Enter the repo market, the very thing you posted an article about. 
`central reserve bank deposits D + incoming settlements I - outgoing payments O = liquidity`
Let's assume D is 1000, the bank makes 100 in credit that day that lenders immediately deposit at other banks (outgoing settlement O), and it received 50 in payments for previous loans from lenders at other banks (incoming settlements I).
`1000 + 50 - 100 = 950` so we're good. Welll... of course imagine this repeats a few days, and probably has been going on for longer. 
We better adjust our formula:
`central reserve bank deposits D - previous liquidity shortfall S + incoming settlements I - outgoing payments O = liquidity`
Inevitably we end up at something like `1000 - 1000 + 50 - 100 = -50`
So imagine you're a bank. Would you rather increase your reserve deposit (this will have to be your own capital obviously), or would you rather have more incoming settlement? Well, instead of hoping this will happen, you can go to another bank, get a loan for 50 (at a 1 digit percentage interest ). Now there will be an incoming settlement of 50, so `1000 - 1000 + (50 + 50) - 100 = 0`.
Sure, you have to pay interest, and likely the next day you have to do it again, but you made a bunch of (hopefully) good loans that day! All (you hope) the outgoing settlements will be incoming settlement one day, plus interest, restoring the balance.
So in practise, "modern" central bank deposits are merely a buffer for settlements, to bridge the time it takes in which you might have a ton of outgoing settlements, and you have to arrange for some incoming settlements.
In modern (without the quotes) banking it's of course more complicated, both due to novel ways of doing things (instead of a repo loan, just _sell_ the loan you made to your customer to another bank) and arcane things (like the FED still having "hefty" fractional reserve requirements, even though in practise it doesn't matter much, it sure clouds people's understand), and down right fucked up things (like banks depositing excess capital as reserves even though they get negative interest rates, because they are scared to do anything else). But at the core, the system works as I just explained.
@_date: 2019-09-30 05:49:07
The vendor pays you that (and more to Visa). And guess who gets to pay the vendor.
@_date: 2019-09-18 07:35:41
Replace lack of money with lack of liquidity.
@_date: 2011-05-31 16:58:55
Or I just steal all the coins (which are essentially just private keys). Your client can fall of the face of the earth, you can still use your coins.
What do you think backup up your .dat file does anyway?
@_date: 2011-05-22 20:03:44
Maybe.  Would depend on how established the currency is. And you could probably repeat the trick a few times before people take notice and bail. Again the speed at which you can convert bitcoin to value is important. 
But that doesn't change that argument I am replying to is invalid. 
@_date: 2011-05-22 17:13:22


If you build a longer chain, they'll be ignored. If you control 51% of computing power, you'll eventually compute a longer chain.


Doesn't matter. It's *not about mining*. If you can out calculate the network to create a longer alternate chain (for which you don't even need 51%, 51% is just the figure where according to calculations you are pretty much guaranteed to get what you want eventually).
That means you can effectively roll back transactions, after you've already converted the bitcoins in the transaction to something of value. This makes your arguments as to why people won't attack bitcoin:


invalid, since this exploit could generate something of much greater value than you would get for mining. It's only limited by the speed at which you can transact bitcoins and get some other gain from them. The longer this takes the more work you'll have to do to calculate a longer chain (though you could start this process the moment you know the cut off point).
@_date: 2011-06-14 18:24:15
Let's hope this will stimulate development of alternate clients, that let you lock away part of your coins rather than storing everything in one unencrypted file.
@_date: 2011-05-31 16:44:38
You don't need to remote control the clien to destroy the coins in the manner I described.
@_date: 2011-05-23 11:25:15
For completeness I have to include your deleted comment I tried to reply to, else the reply makes no sense.










Wrong. 
You can make a fork after *any* block, not just Genesis. Every block has several possible blocks that can follow it. This is what mining is, looking for one of the possible blocks that can follow, by finding a hash value for it that is lower than the difficulty level threshold. So any combination of transactions and possible hashes (determined by difficulty level) can be the next block! So when I say "several" I am talking about a number you and I can probably not imagine.
Your scenario in which only one followup block is possible would require a difficulty of 1 in 2^256. Good luck with that! 1.15792089 × 10^77 (or seventyseven zeros at the end) hashes would have to be calculated on average per 10 minutes to find a block. Oh I forgot forgot to divide by 2, that'll make it twice as easy! I'll leave it as an exercise to the reader to figure about how many gigahashes per second would be required. 
Even then you ignore that you can pick different transactions to form a block (different clients mining might not even know about the same transactions). So you could still get different chains.
The same thing goes for miners. They try to add more blocks to the longest chain, because they'll obviously try to mine the block most likely for other to base their transactions on, otherwise the coins they find don't exist in the chain people base their transactions on.
You tell me to read the paper, but honestly, you don't understand bitcoin. There is no authority in bitcoin, there is noone saying "this is good, or this is bad". If I install a client today and connect it, it will simply start asking other clients for blocks, and when you make a transaction it will try to add it to the longest chain that's proven to be correct. Example: if you take all the clients that know about the last 2 blocks offline, the other clients will simply build another chain. If this is longer than 2 blocks, when the other clients (the ones that knew about the extra 2 blocks) come online again, they'll forget about their 2 blocks and go with the chain that's longest. What else are they supposed to do? Split the network into 2 economies? (note: no 51% computing required for this scenario either..)
The authors of bitcoin are very well aware of all this, and the whole thing is structured around making it hard for people to amass 51% of power (especially in the beginning). Another measure is that clients connect to diversy IP ranges so they have a better chance of finding the longest block.
@_date: 2011-05-31 15:01:47
Uhm, if I destroy your coins (for example by sending them to a nonexisting address) your backup won't do you any good.
@_date: 2011-05-23 11:06:34
The best defense is to mine. If you don't mine than transact paying transaction fees to encourage people to mine.
The danger is bitcoin becoming just a store of value, with only transactions taking money in and out of the network for other currencies. When there are few transactions, and no incentive to mine (finding coins becoming harder), it'd be easier to get to that 51% (which right now is practically impossible already). I'm doubtful if the currency could exist at all like that, but it's not out of the question.
Your idea can also be executed, you could use the clearinghouse construction I described, but only as a warning mechanism rather than as an authority, or anything in between.
More complicated attacks are possible though (for double spending). If you'd simultaneously hack the largest pools for example (directly or through their ISPs), you could give them false information, and they'd be working for you. 
The mono culture on the network (everyone using the same client) is another danger, and not just for double spending (browse my history for that if you're interested, discussed that not so long ago).
@_date: 2011-06-03 21:45:08
A lot of people understand that, but naturally the ones that don't are the ones asking the questions.
@_date: 2015-04-14 12:31:03
Google does not tailor results for you individually based on IP. It's only used for geolocation and such things.
@_date: 2011-06-04 00:53:54
Decent clients.
@_date: 2011-05-31 15:59:05
The current bitcoin client has almost no security measures. 
Any exploit that would allow some form of remote execution within the bitcoin process would be enough to do exactly what I describe from any computer.
@_date: 2011-05-18 15:30:54
If Bitcoin turns out to be a good store of value (a currency that's guaranteed to deflate in value? sign me up) that would not be bad per se.
Of course a good store of value means you're able to change your currency into value, either by purchasing things or changing it into another currency to purchase things. While deflation deters this, is it enough to stop it from happening altogether?
@_date: 2011-05-22 22:59:32
People don't have to have a vested interest in bitcoin to exploit it.
@_date: 2011-05-23 09:15:11


Completely illogical conclusion. But thankfully you give the reason:


I've disproved this already. You can make way more double spending than mining. You have nothing to back up this assertion.


I'll explain it once more: you don't need to have an existing position in bitcoin to exploit it. Just loan some bitcoins, double spend them a bunch of times, and you're done. You're only limited by how many times you can do this before the ecosystem falls apart.
@_date: 2018-04-09 15:46:02
Why not an offer in Bitcoins? ��
@_date: 2011-05-22 12:16:11
Look at your bitcoin. Now look at me. Now look at your bitcoin again.
You think it's your bitcoin? Only because I, and everyone else say so. If "we" decide that the transaction that gave you your bitcoin didn't happen (and any after it), it's not yours anymore. Same for that bitcoin you gave to another person. If we decide you did not, then it's yours again.
Having 51% of computing power in the network under your control is *one* of the ways of doing that in the current system, but by no means the only one. 
The only requirement is that you convince clients that your blockchain is longer than the one which your transaction is in. Either by making a longer chain yourself, or by making sure other clients don't know about any chains longer than yours (which will make them work for your chain, which can make it long enough to convince others too if they work faster).
Say for example I give you a million bitcoins. You give me 6 million dollars in return. Suppose you wait 15 minutes to let your bitcoins be confirmed (other clients saying they approve your blockchain) and then give me the dollars. Afterwards I convince everyone my own block-chain is better than yours (for example by briefly having enough computing power to generate a longer blockchain myself). Then I have 6 million dollars, and I still have a million bitcoins.
That's more than the ~27 bitcoins I could have mined during that time using my vast computing resources.
Of course these things are by no means forever a problem. Right now validity of the chain is by whomever reaches the most clients about having the longest chain. But this (and how this is done) is implementation specific. 
If in the future the majority of client also take input from a clearinghouse (an organization that "clears" part of the blockchain after a while) and refuse to use any chains that discard cleared blocks, than that'll be what is used. In that case when I send you a million coins you can wait till the clearinghouse has cleared it and be pretty sure all clients will follow that. 
I'm not saying this a solution that will or should happen, just that if it *does* that's how things would work then. Authority doesn't have to come from peer to peer distribution as it does now.
@_date: 2011-05-23 09:09:14


Yes it would. Everything from the point of the attack. But the coins will not be invalidated, they'll just go back to whom they belonged to at the point where the blockchain is formed.


Then enlighten us. The blockchain is what the clients your trading with assume it is. Right now, they do so by using the longest blockchain they can find. I can go back any number of blocks I want and generate new blocks on top of it (whenever a block is "found" it's just one of the many possible ones). If I can find enough blocks to make a longer chain, on what basis would other clients not accept it?
I wouldn't underestimate the amount of computing power needed right now to do this though. 
@_date: 2011-05-31 18:07:28


FYI I started the discussion, not you. We are talking about:


If you destroy the coins by sending them to a non-existing address backing them up does not save them. The keys in your backup will have been used already and will be worthless.
None of this requires "remote control" over another bitcoin client, just an exploit to reveal the keys.
So both your "but backup" and "but you'll need remote control of a client" are irrelevant.
@_date: 2016-05-10 07:25:27


An economy where all money sits in accounts is the same as where the money changes hands every day in exchange for goods and services, sure. whatever, I suppose it's all theory.


This however is just plain bullshit.
A bank can make loans (create credit) without collateral. Point me to the regulation that says they can't.
If you took care to read my comment, you can see I already explained that on the whole to follow regulations banks don't have to balance the total credit they create against assets either, they have to weigh them against the *risk exposure* of their assets. This is highly fluid. I understand this might be new information to you, but that doesn't change the way it is.
This is why during the crisis one day something could be a profitable bank, and the next day they could be insolvent.
Buying mortgage securities you had stamped triple A by some rating agencies, T-bills, or Greek government debt should have never been seen as "the same thing", under the convoluted regulatory system for banks they mostly were, until of course they were not.
@_date: 2011-05-31 12:04:15
Find exploit in Bitcoin client, destroy everyones coins.
@_date: 2016-05-09 22:05:24
Germany got saddled with a big debt in a foreign currency. 
Then they also got a lot of debt in their own currency. When they printed money to pay of the latter the former just got worse, since their own currency lost it's worth because there was more of it going around.
The US doesn't really have this problem. In fact the opposite is true, when they print money their own money becomes worth less, but this is spread out over everyone holding US-linked assets (like a dollar bill or a T-bill), not just Americans. The amount of debt linked to foreign currencies is relatively tiny (and mostly private).
Increasing the money supply (whether you use it to pay entitlements or give it to banks) is in that sense comparable to a form of taxing, and the US in the the unique position where they can spread this tax out over other countries.
Of course this can have longer term effects (people don't like to get "taxed") which might make USD assets less attractive in the future, but lately the opposite has been true, USD assets are quite popular because the rest of the world is doing the same but worse, or investors fear that they will do so.
@_date: 2016-05-09 21:42:09
This is too simplistic. 
It's not just banks being stingy with loans, it's also the velocity at which the money is moved. 1$ sitting in an account will do less for economic activity than 1$ spend 10 times over.
Banks also don't need collateral to create money (at some point they used to prefer it, but with the crisis no-one can say that's still the way it was), they just need to reduce their exposure to "risk", where risk is defined by the implementation of the Basel agreements and whatever little extra's national regulators come up with.
As we've seen this definition of risk is highly liquid, where the amount of "risk" multiply in size over the course of days.
@_date: 2016-05-10 17:17:13
You're saying these things as if they are actually true, while what happened in reality is all these instruments were (and are again now) securitized, stamped with some rating you can more or less purchase, and *that* is what counted under Basel II.
A "proper assessment" may or may not be done by your bank, but this did not influence a bank's ability to create credit, unless it also affected the risk rating (which -and this is history- it did not).
The whole idea of using risk exposure rather than collateral (as you claim is somehow done) is that if you know the risk the swings in the valuation in your collateral shouldn't matter (this was supposed to be priced into the risk after all). To put it lightly this system proofed defunct, but this is still the system we're using.
If you could point me to some document outlining what type of collateral must exist to create credit from some regulator I'd love to see it. Maybe some regulators do this too? Of course banks prefer to this anyway, whether it's mandatory or not. But in the end the total amount of credit they can create is limited by their risk exposure.
@_date: 2011-05-31 16:27:56
You're asking if the client has access to your coins??
Uhm. Yes.
@_date: 2016-05-24 14:21:06
Is there any known instance of double spending with POS  systems that accept bitcoin?
@_date: 2019-05-14 15:17:05
HAHAHahahahaa.. I mean.. yes of course, you're right kyle.
PM me the first 11 words of your seed and we can prove how impossible it is to recover a key from that.
@_date: 2019-05-22 09:33:23
This type of thing does not just apply to banks.
If I accidently put some jewels in your mailbox, while I meant to put them in the neighbours mailbox, you can't just keep them.
It's simple property laws that cover this.
@_date: 2019-05-22 12:58:00
Yes, let's "wonder" if that was all his BTC on that address. If only someone would invent some kind of public distributed ledger so we could have checked for ourselves.
@_date: 2019-05-16 18:58:23
I thought this post was parody at first but then almost I checked and all this user's other posts are in the bitcoinsv sub..
@_date: 2019-05-09 16:29:20
How frequent is it for someone to transfer out 7000 BTC? What kind of verification level is needed to do this?
From what I understand this was done as a single withdrawal. 
The space needs to start understanding unusual transaction patterns on the exchange + then withdrawing 42M$ is not something that should be possible.
Or, one would hope, it's not already, and they social engineered Binance in approving the transaction (which would still be bad).
@_date: 2016-07-05 12:55:04
Yes. 
@_date: 2016-07-05 19:42:35
Sure, but did anyone recommend doing this? There was a mini panic at the time, for me that counts as a small down time. 
For people making transactions on the wrong chain is most certainly must have felt as downtime.
For people who made transactions on that chain with consequences it was downtime and then some.
@_date: 2019-05-14 15:42:23
Some people are idiots then.
@_date: 2016-07-05 19:44:51
Quickly, yes.
The fact that people had to 'quickly' manually move to another chain indicated there was for a brief period a chain that was "down". Even if only a small part of users was on that chain, for them it was down.
I agree with what you say though, how the network handled this event was better than most would have expected. But does that make it a meaningless event? I would not agree.
@_date: 2019-05-09 21:06:29
This exchange is not "the blockchain". It includes a custodial service. Obviously that should limit withdrawals.
@_date: 2019-05-22 12:51:14
These are obviously all differently defined in different jurisdiction and legal systems, but it comes down to "what is mine is mine". 
Just because it ends up in your mailbox or your bitcoin wallet doesn't mean it's now yours. If you knowingly keep something that's mine there's this complicated legal term for it called "stealing".
@_date: 2013-05-06 08:56:31
Some guy selling shaving kit on a events.
IT'S A PLOT TO STEAL YOUR BITCOINS.
There is also something called "common sense" when it comes to things like this.
@_date: 2019-05-09 21:12:32
That doesn't change the fact that's what this is.
@_date: 2013-04-04 05:56:47
You will still connect to the IP so your ISP will still know. 
@_date: 2019-05-14 15:28:45
It does (good point!) or part of it is the checksum anyway (edit: 4 of the 11 bits in the last word if I'm not mistaken, so just 7 bits are missing then), because the checksum itself is technically not needed (OP has the almost full seed essentially).
The only "danger" is that it's a different (non-standard) mnemonic, I don't know "BRD wallet" but I'm sure you can somehow find out what type it used back then.
@_date: 2013-04-11 05:32:55
Not if it takes down your exchange. 
@_date: 2013-03-16 17:10:18
Would you rather loose a bit of your money above €100.000 or all of it? 
@_date: 2013-04-24 16:14:26
If you store the password in keychain in iOS it will not be restored with a backup of the app data.
That's just an example of how to do this more securely. The problem is Android doesn't have such a mechanism.
But true, without a password or something like it, it'll never be fully secure. And even with a password, the potential for password interception is always there.
@_date: 2013-05-06 14:32:13
Alright, maybe you didn't deserve the full caps. 
But "common sense" still applies, from both sides of the transaction. Why care about a very small chance of "looking bad"? Any sale has a chance of disgruntled customers for sane or not so sane reasons.
And the only *real* security aspect here is that you should never have more money in a web-wallet than you care to have stolen anyway. If you follow that, using an incognito chrome session on an iPad isn't all that dangerous. 
@_date: 2013-04-24 16:18:07
No, sandboxing on Android is not unbreakable. There is a lot of malware out there that does this.
@_date: 2013-11-18 08:31:06


Whatever you do, do not do any speculation with it ever. Or with any other currency.
You are a gullible man.
Also don't post your coinbase username online. I hope you're better at passwords than at speculation.
@_date: 2013-04-03 06:32:29
To unreliably double-spend (if one of the spends can be an unconfirmed transaction as being discussed in this thread) you need.. a smartphone. 
With some clever software I'm fairly sure you could push your odds above 50%.
@_date: 2013-04-11 08:07:30
Just FYI, if he's actually telling the truth the password is uncrackable (certainly in an online attack).
@_date: 2013-05-08 16:46:43
It won't be a valid block. In a few seconds I could find and publish a block at lower difficulty, but everyone else will ignore it. 
The key is that anyone with the whole block chain can easily verify if another block that could be added to the chain is correct. 
@_date: 2013-10-30 08:31:28
Bitcoin*!* story*!* makes*!* Yahoo*!* front*!* page*!*
@_date: 2013-04-24 16:15:51
@_date: 2013-04-12 19:01:10
A somewhat more tame explanation than some others out here is that volume went up, people were anixious to get money in and out so probably more than a few called their banks, the banks took notice and the account was frozen.
But incorrectly calculating the balance of your transactions. Holy shit that is dumb.
@_date: 2013-04-24 16:30:59
A rooted device is as safe except for 2 reasons:
- the security of the app guarding root access ("superuser"), pretty mature on Android nowadays.
- the security of the apps you allow to use root. You should be careful with this one.
Backups however are a large problem. You'll only be as secure as where your backup is. 
I think on some Nexus phones it's possible to use the TPM module. For phones with an SD card there is also the possibility to use a secure element on that.
@_date: 2013-04-04 05:55:59
You think wrong
@_date: 2013-05-08 06:10:24
That is your address isn't it? 
@_date: 2013-02-26 21:16:32
England has no reserve requirements.
As (in practice) many countries don't.