@_author: lluvia321
@_date: 2019-07-02 02:37:52
Well I didn't mean it personally about you, I don't know you, just reacting to your comments which seem self-defeating to me. If you really think that you buying BTC was a mistake (i don't) well you need to take responsibility for that like anyone who makes any mistake. You made the mistake, you brought the bad effects on yourself, and so you deserve the results. This is why I think you might want to change your perspective to one of potential profit, because then you can enjoy the deserved possibilities. I don't really care, it just seems like you have a narrow and negative perspective that is unnecessarily limiting your relationship with BTC.
@_date: 2019-07-01 19:52:19
You bought at or near the top of the last bubble. That's bad luck and/or bad strategy but if you continue to hodl you will most likely eventually see profit. No one knows for sure of course, but I personally think we will see \~40k this year, and much more after that. There will be ups and downs. It's only a bad investment once you sell, until then you still have potential!
@_date: 2019-07-01 20:17:50
Here's another, more positive and constructive, way to look at it: You own BTC, and there is a lot of potential for the value of that BTC to increase. You could sell now and lose that possibility and the money you bought it with. Or you can hodl and either have same result (lose money) OR possibly gain profit. In my mind that is a good investment because you have created for yourself the opportunity to profit. If you never bought it, or sell at a loss you don't have that possibility.
I don't mean this personally but people that bought BTC at the bubble as a way to make money easily kind of deserve what they got. Those of us that understand the broader ramifications of BTC and have been in it for a while have earned our BTC the hard way. You can earn yours also, it's not too late. Or you can get out. Both are better then just whining about a bad investment.