@_author: lmeunier
@_date: 2017-01-31 07:55:38
Yes that's one point I didn't mention. Maybe the person performing those operations knows it is going to overload the network, and thus uses fees higher than average to be sure they are getting confirmed.
@_date: 2017-01-31 07:57:25
I can't say. I just wanted to bring some information to the people vehemently saying it was or wasn't spam. 
@_date: 2017-01-31 11:04:25
I don't think we should look at how the 'fee market' works only in case of those random backlogs. Those backlogs are due to variance in T, so the mempool increase is very sudden, and fee estimators don't have time to update I guess. But we can see that in average, T is increasing, and the fees are also increasing (Especially when we look at them in dollar, the way we should look at them).  I can't say if this T is going to keep increasing, or if it will stagnate to T = C. If it stagnates, it is bad for the fee market.
@_date: 2017-01-31 07:52:07
That's possible. But what is bugging me is why sending multiple transactions instead of one big one ? 
@_date: 2017-01-31 16:50:31
So, your point is that if T &gt; C, which is necessary for a fee market, the network becomes unusable, and if T &lt;= C, the fee market has no reason to exists ? 
I understand that the waiting time will go to infinity in case of T &gt; C, but couldn't it be ok ? Imagine if all miners implement a mempool with a fixed size, and drop the transactions of least priority in case of a full mempool. This would be a finite priority queue where the priority is indicated by the fees of the transaction. If your transaction gets popped out of the queue, you can decide to wait, or reissue your transaction with higher fees.
Every year, I have to renew my bus subscription. However, the office is always full, and the only way to renew my subscription before the end of the day is to come soon enough. A high fee transaction would correspond to someone coming very early, and the mempool max size would correspond to the size of the office. In the case of the office, T is clearly greater than C, and when I go there too late (pay not enough fees), I try again the next day. There is thus a competition where the demand/urgency for the subscription renewal is described by the motivation of the person to come earlier. Why couldn't it work like that with bitcoin ?
@_date: 2017-01-31 08:13:48
Thanks for this ! Yes it is clear that when T &gt; C, the mempool increases very fast. As for the block competition, I also take into consideration the idea that the network usage is self regulating, always bringing T &lt; C eventually. But I don't think it is incompatible with a fee market, as fees seem to be increasing. Also, competition exists only during backlogs, but backlogs are more and more common. Before, this big mover didn't cause any significant backlogs. I can't tell how all of this is going to evolve in the future, but it is very interesting to study.
@_date: 2017-01-31 08:17:42
Yes but transaction amounts don't influence the size. A transaction moving 1 btc has the same size than one moving 0.5 btc. So why make two moving 0.5 to the same address while you can make one moving 1 btc to the address ? 
Edit: Actually, in this case, you would have to include two previous outputs to move the 1btc, where only one to move the 0.5 btc. So yes this is most likely the reason.