@_author: lnt_
@_date: 2018-01-17 00:16:08
I don't think we are, because I explicitly condemn capitalism in all its forms, while you appear to be a total laissez-faire capitalist, which objectively would be even worse than the situation we are in now. I am an explicit anti-capitalist, so unless you are as well, no. We are not "on the same page." 
@_date: 2018-01-17 00:06:07
No, you are abandoning the anarchist tradition and co-opting it for your own twisted ideals, as the right is forever wont to do. You can call "anarcho"-capitalism anarchism all you want, but at the end of the day, words mean things and anarcho-capitalism is a contradiction.
If you actually knew *anything* about anarchism, you would know that it has a very long history of being explicitly anti-capitalist for literally hundreds of years before Rothbard came along and basically took classical liberalism to an inane conclusion.
Stateless capitalism *is not anarchism.*


I didn't not make this claim. The need to "do things" in order to provide for yourself and your loved ones is human reality; the need to involuntarily *sell your labor* to private property owners is inherent to capitalism. I do not object to working individually or together to provide for ourselves and one another. I do object to people and groups holding monopoly over the means of production, and as a result indirectly forcing those without those means to sell their labor for less than it is "worth" in order to live, AKA capitalism.


They are largely exclusive groups. Any overlap is minuscule, especially in modern society. I don't understand your point here and how it is relevant.


I do not accept the claim that it cannot exist without hierarchy. You would need to explain how common ownership of the means of production necessitates hierarchy before I could respond to that.


"Labor" as we understand it to mean completing tasks to secure the means of existence is of course involuntary, but it is involuntary in the same sense that breathing is "involuntary." If you don't do it, you die. Again, you would need to expand on this claim for me to attempt to refute it.
Under socialism and specifically anarchy, you are free to come together with others, or not, to utilize shared means of production to achieve the goals that you determine to be worth your effort and time here on earth. Nothing more and nothing less. Different flavors of anarchists have different ideas on how this may work in practice, or what would be desirable methods of doing this in reality. For the most part, I find the differences in approach to be beautiful, encouraging, and worth exploring, and I don't see a reason why any of them would not be able to coexist simultaneously. 
I recommend ["The Abolition of Work"]( by Bob Black. It's short, you should read it.
@_date: 2018-01-16 23:17:48
God I love when y'all pull that out. It's like you just wrote "stupid" in red on your forehead. 
"Crony" capitalism is just capitalism, taken to its logical conclusion. It's the system working as intended. One thing matters: profit. And people will do anything to see it rise. That's what is happening. If you think that an economic base like that is what will bring peace and comfort, a good life, to every individual on this planet, you are a moron. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 23:39:31
It's very clear that you haven't actually examined how capitalism functions. Read some political economy. 
Any capitalist system favors specific structures: those that increase the accumulation of capital. As capital accumulates, those without it lose more and more power to those who do. This is why government and the capitalist class are hand-in-hand, essentially one and the same. Indeed today in "crony capitalism" they are indistinguishable from one another. The capitalist class seeks influence in government in order to accumulate more capital.
Capitalism necessitates ever-increasing growth, and so eventually the capitalist class must works its way into politics. As I said, "crony capitalism" is just capitalism chugging along as intended. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 03:29:20
I won't bother responding to this. Anybody who thinks that the fucking dictionary is the best place to find information about a topic as complex as a many-century old political philosophy is a disingenuous moron that isn't worth the breath.
@_date: 2018-01-16 22:39:37


Capitalists are not anarchists. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 23:29:15
Anarchism, fundamentally, means without hierarchy. Capitalism is a social and economic hierarchy: those who have capital, and private property, above those who must involuntarily sell their labor to those who do. 