@_author: lobt
@_date: 2018-01-09 02:06:22
I've responded to that. Let me know what you think.
@_date: 2018-01-09 02:01:17
I would address the deflationary spiral argument by pointing out that Bitcoin, being deflationary by design, is predictable. If the economy that uses Bitcoin grows, the per-unit value of Bitcoin proportionally increases also. Bitcoins **only** deflate in value when the Bitcoin Economy is **growing**.  On the other hand, deflationary spirals in fiat are unpredictable, and that's what makes them destructive. Another key difference is that fiat is debt-based, while Bitcoin is an asset - traditional economic models may not apply. This is an experiment that is playing itself out, we'll just have to wait and see for empirical evidence.
To address debt as a chief driver of economic growth, I generally agree that banks played a vital role in growing our economy. They fulfilled the purpose of being custodians of loans, and there still be a need for them. It's a maximalist position to say that crypto will completely replace banks; most of the thought-leaders in crypto don't take on that position. 
Modern banks are big players in investments. I personally don't like the current state of affairs where banks are taking on increasingly risky positions to feed the machine of constant growth. I object to the premise that if banks fail, the losses are socialized, and when they gain, the gains are privatised. 
@_date: 2018-01-27 03:58:26
Listen to this podcast about the possible motives behind the fork.  
I haven't looked up the current state of mining decentralization, but according to Jameson Lopp on Dec. 20/2017: 


@_date: 2018-01-25 22:08:44
I can make the argument that the behaviour of users on testnet could be different from those on mainnet. Perhaps the behaviour of users staking real bitcoin could reveal a different set of bugs than users staking something of no value? The people on mainnet are opt-in and for sure know the risks involved.
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:12:44
Bitcoin and Ethereum will co-exist. Crypto is not a zero-sum game; ie. if one is winning, the other one doesn't have to lose. You want more coding flexibility on base layer on a proof of stake system? Use Ethereum. You like robust decentralisation on a proof of work system? Use Bitcoin. Ethereum isn't competing with Bitcoin on Proof of Work.
@_date: 2018-01-29 03:07:48
I would argue that it's important for average Joes to get involved with mining, even if it's not profitable. More decentralisation in mining is a good thing for Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-01-23 18:48:15
I'm not too proficient with computers, but I found it really easy to set up a full node. You won't get paid for it; I see it as an investment in the long term betterment of society. 
@_date: 2018-01-29 16:18:08
Thanks for the presentation! Well done - I like the summarized overview. For me, it's nice to see what issues exist and what solutions are proposed, even if I don't have the technical expertise to understand it thoroughly.
@_date: 2018-01-09 19:47:49
I'm interested too. Northern Saskatchewan is cheaper and colder. Word on the block is that some miners are already looking at locations there.
@_date: 2018-01-08 23:38:13
Great response by I would also like to address the hubris part of your original message. There has always been contention and disagreement amongst economists/finance experts. If your perspective aligns with the Austrian school of Economics, you would hold the view that fractional reserve systems (like the one of the United States) causes economic problems on a grand scale. There is no "appeal to authority" in this.
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:28:33
Why set an arbitrary 1-2 month timeframe? This discussion has been happening well over a year. Listen to this segment from 1 year ago: 
The guest (worked extensively in scaling on MMORPGs) talks about the attitude of conservatism and caution when deploying scaling solutions from a developer's perspective. 
We want to get things right. They have no mandate to maximise your value in your holdings. We want to prioritise decentralisation over all else, which IMO is the main reason why we're in crypto. If you want to contribute, use the LN testnet and report any bugs you find. The developers need our help.
@_date: 2019-07-13 21:46:57
Generally agree and IMO it comes down to semantics. The monetary utility of gold is derived from its scarcity. Something that can't be inflated easily is **useful** as a financial instrument which value can be objectively measured. 
BTC's utility is metric money.
@_date: 2019-07-16 14:00:31
That's where entrepreneurship comes in. The cost of mining is indeed trending asymptotically to 0¢/KWh. Finding energy that is produced excessively in low demand is key, especially where storage/transport of such energy is infeasible. A miner would negotiate &lt;5¢/KWh to use excess geothermal energy off a remote location in Iceland, or to cap and combust methane (more environmentally friendly) in the prairies,  or even negotiate using excess energy while turbines at a hydroelectric dam are ramping down (they can't do this instantaneously). 
This is being done by large scale miners already. And because this is a competitive business, profit margins trend toward 0 as well. The beauty of having overhead costs in mining is that it incentivizes the selling of BTC on the market, aiding its distribution.
Having mining become economically viable for the average Joe requires the costs of renewable energy production to go down, and infrastructure to utilise excess heat produced. Perhaps in the future
@_date: 2018-01-27 02:58:22
The idea is conceptualized, but the "knowing" of the idea could be had through experience. If anyone wants to explore the idea further, I would encourage you to explore [Non Duality/Advaita](
@_date: 2019-07-14 04:49:41
Indeed, this was the fallacy I used to believe.
@_date: 2019-07-14 04:42:58
Agreed. Money of the people.
@_date: 2019-07-16 14:05:02
Cheers! We will only know for sure in retrospect.
@_date: 2019-07-17 21:42:14
To people who value censorship-resistance, neutrality, global access, completely decentralised system of currency with no geopolitical attachments, Bitcoin is a very useful application. Some would argue it is the most useful application in the 21st century.
@_date: 2019-07-18 04:28:14
Thanks! Appreciate it =)
@_date: 2019-07-13 21:37:53
Can't underestimate the unforgeable costliness of several generations of mining chips and network effects; displacement of which is improbable.
@_date: 2019-07-14 00:39:34
The highest stock-to-flow ratio amongst all monetary instruments
@_date: 2019-07-16 06:42:30
Absolutely. As cheap, effective, and efficient as we could conceive.
@_date: 2019-07-22 05:28:01
I am a dentist. 
Understanding the macroeconomic issues in Bitcoin led me to the comprehension of the root causes of why the dental industry seems ridiculous to me. I.e., the distortion of best standards of care in dentistry is symptomatic of dysfunctional monetary systems. Dentistry is an insurance-driven industry; my profession is one which is positioned at the spout of the money faucet. I’ve seen first hand all sorts of moral hazards that occurs as a direct result.
@_date: 2019-07-22 20:19:28
Unlike existing futures exchanges, futures contracts are settled in bitcoin. 
Hard, actual bitcoin is paid out, not fiat equivalent of the price of bitcoin.
The result is better price discovery and liquidity for bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-17 04:41:31
Wife hears me talk about Bitcoin for years, she goes ��‍♀️. Wife hears Michelle Phan, she buys. 
Share this with your gfs and wives! Works for a certain demographic..
@_date: 2019-07-16 14:52:10
Sweet, keep going at it =). I'm sure he won't mind, being a believer of the creative commons.
@_date: 2019-07-05 07:18:18
How has no one mentioned Bisq. By far the best project and a true DEX
@_date: 2019-07-14 04:46:48
I agree that mining costs gives Bitcoin a tether in value from analog to digital, but I'd also make the argument that confidence in the monetary policy might be the most important above all.
@_date: 2019-07-15 22:15:05
Right on, comrade. Keep fighting the good fight ;)
@_date: 2019-07-15 18:32:22
Yes, as soon as [BIP 127]( is implemented, we should push for support.
@_date: 2019-07-17 21:46:39
Great comparisons to put things into context. I feel like we lose a lot of potential Bitcoiners when they buy the environmental fud narrative. I was pretty close to getting a retailer to start accepting Bitcoin, but her main concern was energy consumption, which prompted me to write the article.
@_date: 2019-07-22 20:20:09
Unlike existing futures exchanges, futures contracts in Bakkt are settled in bitcoin. 
Hard, actual bitcoin is paid out, not fiat equivalent of the price of bitcoin.
The result is better price discovery and liquidity for bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-15 18:41:19
The same happens in traditional markets. Gold bugs talk about suppression of gold price. 
Dole sandbagged their shareholders, and was found to have [more shares in circulation than actually exists]( Murdock intentionally drove down the price to acquire it cheaply.
The difference in Bitcoin is that custody of BTC is inexpensive, and if done right, highly secure.
@_date: 2019-07-17 06:19:24
Michelle Phan started IPSY, went on to have $1B valuation - she isn't dumb. Sure, she misunderstands some of Bitcoin, but we all did at some point. We still do. Ryan Higa is a top Youtuber.
Combined, they have viewerships of 16,000,000+ subs on Youtube. Not trivial as influencers.
@_date: 2019-07-15 05:26:25
Whatever I desire
@_date: 2019-07-27 17:34:10
I tend to believe it'll trend higher as well, but I can make the case for it dropping.
Everyone who was interested in Bitcoin and is willing to put in work to understand it is already in. Retail who hasn't entered yet will be drawn to the alts for unit bias.
@_date: 2019-07-15 20:34:55
Well said
@_date: 2019-07-16 14:03:54
We will trend in that direction for sure. We're already seeing the development of water/pool heaters that run off excess heat produced by mining rigs.
@_date: 2019-07-15 17:23:10
You're right, the use of "volume" exceeding supply is the wrong term to use. The idea is that any activity greater than 0 for a coin that can't move yet is highly suspect.
@_date: 2019-07-14 04:44:14
I agree that PoW is an important component for immutability/censorship resistance. I'd make the argument that confidence in the monetary policy might be the most important above all.
As a hypothetical, would you support a coin with 10x more hashrate, but with ~25-50% inflation year over year?
@_date: 2019-07-22 18:59:37
Aparna Krishnan: I think until the regulation eases up, transaction fees may not be the biggest concern right now in India, if even acquiring cryptocurrency is so hard. I think people are very willing to pay high transaction fees. The people who are currently buying and selling cryptocurrencies tend to be people who are a little technologically savvy, somewhere in their 20s or 30s, males, usually people who are like profit motivated. These tend to be the people who are currently dealing with it in India, and so any transaction see doesn't really affect them buying and selling it right now. I think if we had to expand it into impacting lives of other people, that's when it'll make a difference. 
Adam B. Levine: Are there other cryptocurrencies that you see as being more likely to gain popularity or already perhaps more popular than Bitcoin? 
Aparna Krishnan: It's already very clearly just Bitcoin. 
Adam B. Levine: We've been hearing that from everybody, and honestly it's been a little surprising to me every time. Because in some cases the cost is very high. 
Aparna Krishnan: Yeah, when I was talking to a few different exchanges about this, one thing I realized was that most people who are using cryptocurrencies are buying and holding Bitcoin. And even despite regulations, they've been holding on to it they haven't sold any of it, or converted it to fiat, which is really cool. It's almost like a 90% Bitcoin and like 10% other currencies in India.
@_date: 2019-07-22 16:59:45
@_date: 2019-07-15 20:33:46
The idea behind a hardware wallet is that the keys you generate are never revealed to anything else, hence being secure.
You have choices: 
A Trezor or Ledger might be a good investment. The instructions are easy to follow once you have one
@_date: 2017-12-02 05:07:00
Well said, have a gold!
@_date: 2019-07-14 17:15:48
I change USD to BTC for the same reason that someone would change pesos/bolivars to USD after a trip.
@_date: 2019-07-14 04:41:38
Generally agree, but I also think "money-ness" is what makes a hodler hodl.
@_date: 2019-07-22 18:59:02
Let’s Talk Bitcoin  - “Crypto Plastic &amp; Bitcoin's 90/10 in India”
***Highlights***: 
“It's almost as if the entire mechanism is designed to put you into debt, hopefully to get you to a point where you end up racking up fees to enrich some group of bankers..as if the entire system is designed to not only make you a debt slave, but make sure that you work for a wage salaried position to a giant corporation.” - Andreas Antonopoulos
“..if anyone represents themselves as insured, you have to really look into what they mean. I feel like a lot of people are conflating one type of insurance with the other when they're making financial decisions about where they put their money. So when it comes to collateralized lending and engaging in margin, that's the whole point that crypto was trying to escape is that type of understanding of finance” - Jonathan Mohan
“..when you say something like “banking the unbanked,” it's important to understand why people are unbanked in the first place. One thing that I found really interesting in India was that a large number of these people who are unbanked don't know how to use the existing financial system. It's not that they don't have access to financial systems.” - Aparna Krishnan
"Yeah, when I was talking to a few different exchanges about this, one thing **I realized was that most people who are using cryptocurrencies are buying and holding Bitcoin. And even despite regulations, they've been holding on to it they haven't sold any of it, or converted it to fiat, which is really cool. It's almost like a 90% Bitcoin and like 10% other currencies in India**.” - Aparna Krishnan






**Crypto Credit Cards**
Adam B. Levine:  I wanted to have a brief conversation about some of the different options that are out there as far as crypto credit cards. We're talking about this in the context of how these things work rather than endorsing them. I don't use any, I don't intend to use any, but I think it's an interesting development in the space.
Andreas Antonopoulos: I’ve used one. I used 2, actually. I used the shift card from Coinbase back in 2015, and I also used the Bitpay card that same year, and regretted using both of those.
Adam B. Levine: the Bitpay prepaid credit card is the simplest possible way that you could do this, Essentially you buy this debit card from them and it costs 10 bucks or 15 bucks as a one-time fee.  Then you get an address that you can make payments to, and whenever you send Bitcoin to the payment address, it sells it and turns it into dollars and then puts that balance onto your card as a prepaid balance. So when you go to a store you can use it and it's basically the equivalent of a gift card more than it is a credit card but, the advantage is that you hold all your cryptocurrency until you actually want to top-up the card.
Stephanie Murphy:  I'm curious, I want to know why Andreas regretted using it?
Andreas Antonopoulos: Once my accountant understood the accounting nightmare and then billed me for it, it was obvious that it was not worth using. Inside the United States with the capital gains accounting rules, it's just too much hassle. The other reason was foreign transaction fees and the exchange rate being applied which in both cases was way too expensive
Stephanie Murphy: Wow, okay so the costs add up really quickly and it's just not worth it. So then that means it's only really worth it to use one of these things if you had trouble obtaining credit from more traditional sources.
Andreas Antonopoulos: Or you're outside the US. If you don't have the capital gains burden which doesn't exist in most of the countries, or you live in a country that's not very well banked, or you're trying to do things like buy things from Amazon and you don't have a credit card that works. For example Argentina would be a perfect example
Adam B. Levine: Coinbase allows you to for better or worse, not sell your cryptocurrency until you actually make a purchase in real life. With Coinbase they hold your crypto within your Coinbase account, and then when you make a payment, they make a sale on your behalf of your Bitcoin or whatever crypto you've indicated.
Andreas Antonopoulos: It was the transaction fees, exchange rates, and conversion fees that killed it. I literally ended up paying you know six or seven dollar fees on a $2.00 purchase it was a bit ridiculous.
If you can get credit, even better than not spending crypto until you absolutely have to, is not spending crypto until 30 days after you absolutely have to. So you’d use a credit card and then once a month you pay off the credit card with a single crypto transaction 30 days later. So you hodl for 30 days longer. This is more suited for people who can't get credit cards at all.
Jonathan Mohan: There's someone who used to be prominent in this space who went from a literal non-existent credit histories to a 710 in one year just because they were holding crypto for so long and didn't believe at all in credit. They just needed to buy a house for their family. Then they realized that they need to play the game just to even have a credit history. And because you're succeeding in a way that doesn't play the game the way that the financial system wants you to, you have a new weird gross type of financial non-inclusion. You have all these assets but they won't really recognize the asset, and you have no credit history so they won't extend you any loans.
Andreas Antonopoulos: It's almost as if the credit reporting system is designed to kind of encourage people to become debt slaves. Here's the thing, it's not just crypto. If you have a bank account full of cash, it's not on your credit report. You actually have to go into debt to build credit history. You could have half a million dollars in a checking account and a credit score of 400 because you don't have any history. You'll call up and say, “well, how can I build better credit?” They'll say, “take out a loan.” But you don't want a loan, you've got half a million in your checking account. You have to take on more debts, and different types of debt. A bit of revolving, a bit of personal, a bit of this secured loan, a bit of them rolling over every now and then. It's almost as if the entire mechanism is designed to put you into debt, hopefully to get you to a point where you end up racking up fees to enrich some group of bankers.
Adam B. Levine: When you start looking at like buying a house or getting a mortgage, income is one of those things that, as a person in the cryptocurrency space, sometimes you make a lot of money off investments, and income is a lot lumpier. On paper you might have no income but you have a lot of wealth.
Andreas Antonopoulos: It's almost as if the entire system is designed to not only make you a debt slave but make sure that you work for a wage salaried position to a giant corporation.
**Collateralized Lending**
Adam B. Levine: I found a couple of projects, notably Nexo and Crypto.com(?), that basically say, alright, we're actually gonna do real credit cards where you have a balance and you have to make payments. There's an interest rate that accrues every month and what they do is in order to give you credit, we want you to deposit a certain amount of crypto with us, and then if you deposit $1,000 worth of Bitcoin with us or $1,000 worth of Tether, then we'll give you $400 worth of credit on this card. When you go out and you make a purchase, your crypto isn't actually sold. It's just like a normal credit card. You accrue the interest, but they know that in the event that you default on it, that they effectively have enough assets that they can be made more than whole, and get their money even in a scenario where the value of the cryptocurrency drops by half.
Andreas Antonopoulos: I mean, that's a collateralized debt obligation exactly like how Maker DAO works.
Jonathan Mohan: Nexo’s proposed model is very interesting. It's sort of like fire, if you know what you're doing, it's valuable, but you're more often then not going to get burned. They're intending to let you collateralize into a credit card, and then as your Bitcoin increases, they will dynamically increase the credit line that you get in your card, with the loan-to-value ratio of your deposit. So if you put Bitcoin in at $10,000 and they give you a $4,000 credit line, if Bitcoin goes to $20,000, it'll just automatically go to $8000, so you can start spending this thing as if it's free money, but you're decreasing your LTV. If Bitcoin adjust back, it's just it's a very easy way to induce margin calls. 
Adam B. Levine: I was gonna say, yeah, the margin call thing seems like the real potential danger here is that if the limit can adjust up, that means it can adjust down as well. And if you had spent $3,000 on that $4,000 balance, and now that balance is $2,000 because crypto is decreased in value, then they're going to margin call you and sell your assets.
@_date: 2019-07-22 18:59:32
Andreas Antonopoulos: I'll just keep playing the same broken record. That's exactly how Dai works. That's how the Maker DAO works. So what you do is you collateralize the CDP, which is the contract, and you put in the principal. If the exchange rates of ETH goes up, then you can draw more Dai against it. You have to have it at a loan-to-value ratio of, you know, 150% or greater, or whatever the current ratio is, otherwise you get a margin call. Interestingly enough, first of all this is decentralized, but what happens next is even more interesting, which is that you can now buy margin call insurance, effectively in a secondary market where other people will top up your account for specific fee, to be protected from margin calls if there's a sudden drop in the value. It's a peer-to-peer a decentralized option market that grows on top of Maker DAO. 
Jonathan Mohan: The thing that does concern me about Maker DAO versus Nexo, is at least Nexo is a company. So they have obligations towards what constitutes a loanshark limit. If you look at how Maker DAO dynamically adjusts with no lower upper limit fee. Now the fees have gone from under 1% to I think they're talking about potentially 11 or even more percent, and how that keeps increasing. It's really scary because it's decentralized. Everyone gets to pretend that they're not the one who increased the rate, where Dai may go to 50%. You know, Dai may be the next be your own loan shark type of payday lending system. Because I don't know if they have any functional controls and what the upper bound is for the variable rate, ‘cause that's the whole process of it, which is whatever price the market will bear. And because it doesn't have those upper or lower bounds, you can open yourself up to very bad positions that you wouldn't have, had you gone with a centralized provider.
Andreas Antonopoulos: One of the things that concerned me about Nexo model versus Maker Dao is Nexo is a company. They hold the keys, and not your keys, not your coins, so they can basically walk away with your collateral, which they can't do in Maker DAO, so it's half a dozen of 1/6 of another.
Jonathan Mohan: A very important thing to discuss which is a conflation of terms that some of the people who are marketing securitized lending and crypto are doing right now. Which is if anyone represents themselves as insured, you have to really look into what they mean. I feel like a lot of people are conflating one type of insurance with the other when they're making financial decisions about where they put their money. So when it comes to collateralized lending and engaging in margin, that's the whole point that crypto was trying to escape is that type of understanding of finance. It's really hard to exist in the in-between phase we're transitioning from one phase to the other. But I think that when it comes to putting leverage against your Bitcoin, it's sort of like stabbing somebody. You can have a very particular set of skills that a very few of us have, and when you stab someone it's called surgery. But for everyone else it's a crime. And when I think about this collateralized lending, it’s kinda like that.
Andreas Antonopoulos: Can we just summarize that this plastic is the devil? And if you wrap crypto with plastic, it's just the devil again. Then you realize that your friendly cuddly crypto company, it's a bank.
Bitcoin in India
Aparna Krishnan: I'm currently based in San Francisco I recently did a study in India to understand the scope of cryptocurrencies in emerging markets. So I got into the crypto space some time in 2015. I was passionate about cryptography, I had just heard about Bitcoin. I wanted to understand what was going on there so I started by reading the Bitcoin whitepaper and that pretty much led me down this rabbit hole.
Adam B. Levine: So when you did get involved with cryptocurrency, it sounds like you took a more academic approach to understanding it. As your interest evolved in it, walk us through your journey here.
Aparna Krishnan: Initially I started by teaching a class at Berkeley on cryptocurrencies. I started blockchain on Berkeley's education team, taught a few different blockchain executive education programs, and all that helped me learn a lot about the space. Something I realize through doing all of that, was that people were trying to build on top of a cryptocurrency that wasn't scalable, or wasn’t private, and all the visions that people had laid out in the magic internet money future were not really being built. So that kind of got me to think about the research angle a little bit, which is why I got into proof of stake research. I was doing that for a couple of years primarily because I wanted to build a scalable cryptocurrency. Going from there, I think sometime last year, I started to realize that there were a lot of scalability solutions out there, but very few people actually building on top of these, or very people directly being impacted in their everyday lives. And this kind of got me to a point of almost an intellectual crisis where I was wondering if I was just building these technologies for my own intellectual satisfaction, or there were people out there who were actually going to be impacted by this. And if so, who were these people? How was their life gonna change because of cryptocurrency or blockchain?
Alex Gladstein: How does that connect with your journey to interview folks in India and learn more about what's happening there with regard to cryptocurrency adoption?
Aparna Krishnan: something that people have been talking about for a while in the crypto spaces how cryptocurrencies are going to bank the unbanked. One thing that's actually really interesting that I start to realize as I did this study was that almost 90% of Indians have an identity card issued by the Government of India. So the government of India is issued something called Aadhaar. As part of this, the government's also been opening bank accounts for a large number of people. I would say about 20% of Indians still don't have a bank account, but that is still a very small percentage compared to other countries in the world. That number has been reducing at a very fast pace partly because the government's been taking a lot of different initiatives to bridge that gap. When you have an Aadhaar card, that basically is your identity for everything. From getting discounted groceries, to getting a utility bill, to sometimes I've been having your grades linked to this identity card. That's all you ever need in India and it's all linked to all aspects of your life. 
Alex Gladstein: So if the Indian government is on this quest to Bank everybody into this centralized system, then why are people experimenting with things like Bitcoin and cryptocurrency?
Aparna Krishnan: One thing that I started to realize when I was doing this study was when you say something like “banking the unbanked,” it's important to understand why people are unbanked in the first place. One thing that I found really interesting in India was that a large number of these people who are unbanked don't know how to use the existing financial system. It's not that they don't have access to financial systems.
I think where Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies can really help is by providing financial access to people who don't have access to it right now, So even India if you take a look at the unbanked communities, while they might have access to a banking service, they may not have access to other slightly more complex services. Like better loans or being able to insure themselves and products like these I think cryptocurrencies can really help with. Primarily because they're now bridging the gap of providing access where people don't have access.
I realized that the immediate scope of cryptocurrency in foreign exchange remittances markets would actually be pretty huge. I think is an actual problem that a lot of people are currently facing in India and this is something that I've seen a lot of people who are sending money to and from India talked about. 
Right now the regulation prevents a large amount of money being held in any other currency other than the Indian rupee, and this currently affects not just individuals, but also large businesses.
 
The conversion both to and from fiat is extremely restricted right now, but despite this, you see a large amount of volume on Localbitcoins.
Alex Gladstein: Why does the Modi government care so much about cracking down on on-ramps and off-ramps? It sounds like there's a vibrant peer-to-peer marketplace, but it sounds like the Democratic Indian government is very fierce, and I think some people even said maybe the most anti-crypto government in the world. Why?
Aparna Krishnan: I think there are a couple of different reasons. They're afraid of people evading taxes and they're afraid of a large amount of money leaving the country. Another reason is they're afraid of large amounts of terrorism being funded through cryptocurrencies and they feel like if it all happened in Bitcoin or cryptocurrencies, that's not something that they have the power to control, or the power to even fix in case of a large attack. The third I think and biggest reason is they're afraid that if they open out the marketsm then the government itself won't have any power over the Indian economy.
Adam B. Levine: There's this thesis that transaction fees matter a lot in the developing world because the cost of say a 25 cent or a 50 cent transaction fee to get a transaction put on to the Bitcoin blockchain is pretty expensive in local currency terms. And so I was curious and would like to ask you, does the transaction fee matter?
@_date: 2019-07-24 23:24:21
A primer from an excellent podcast. I transcribed it: 
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:48:20
That's where innovation comes into the picture. Before commercialised hardware wallets, it took a lot of technical expertise to store bitcoins offline. Now I can buy a Trezor to simplify the entire process. Innovation is exciting and fast-paced around the cryptocurrency space. 
@_date: 2018-09-26 16:18:48
? I have and it appears we have different interpretations. OP was talking about the block transactions bottleneck, then the next few posts talked about the connectedness of mining nodes and their network topology. The concern was that block generation would outpace network resources. 
Then satoshi responded that not all nodes will participate in block generation to address the aforementioned concerns. You are intentionally leaving out the fact that he did call out the fact that client nodes are needed on the network.
@_date: 2019-07-14 04:37:49
I agree that PoW is an important component for immutability/censorship resistance. I'd make the argument that confidence in the monetary policy might be the most important above all. 
As a hypothetical, would you support a coin with 10x more hashrate, but with ~25-50% inflation year over year?
@_date: 2019-07-20 05:44:38
Try cross-posting to , seems to be more technical folk there.
@_date: 2018-09-21 06:36:41
Yes, you can see all the offers in other currencies, including other cryptos
@_date: 2018-09-30 19:17:40
This is an experiment that is playing itself out, we'll just have to wait and see for empirical evidence.
However, I don't think any system (inflationary, fixed, deflationary) will achieve price stability. Prices are better left being determined by the free market. What you can try to predict is market behaviour given different properties of money. With the existing system, we encourage short-term profiteering, conspicuous consumption, and reckless financial behaviour because we don't have the confidence that our money will keep its value in the future. On the other hand, a deflationary currency would encourage saving and spending only when necessary. Both have their laundry lists of pros and cons.
A key feature during deflationary spirals is the reduction of demand for that particular market. It could be the loss of confidence in the government (Turkish Lira was not heavily inflationary, yet the Lira tanked), sanctions by other nations (Iraq/Iran), other geopolitical black swan events. Switzerland enjoys currency stability, but also highly inflationary. It's more about the world's confidence in the currency which provides said currency its power rather than inflationary/deflationary designs. The more distrust the world has of the central bankers, the less stable their currencies are.
Bitcoin is deflationary by design, and completely predictable on the protocol layer. If the economy that uses Bitcoin grows, the per-unit value of Bitcoin proportionally increases also. On the other hand, deflationary spirals in fiat are unpredictable - sensitive to geopolitics and the decisions of the few. Another key difference is that fiat is debt-based, while Bitcoin is an asset - traditional economic models on deflationary spirals may not apply.
We'll see. If nothing else, the world needs to curb conspicuous consumption to be sustainable.
@_date: 2018-09-18 07:59:33
The actual documentary series: [  
There are quite a few video ads. 17 episodes listed on the menu to the right.
@_date: 2019-07-22 06:52:02
Are there any biological equivalents of Bitcoin's growth? Similar virus or bacteria or epidemics?
@_date: 2018-09-30 23:25:38
Had a chance to talk to him during a Jimmy Song event in Toronto. Very well-reasoned and nice guy.
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:07:21
True, but the idea is that BCH is actively promoting themselves as the pure and true bitcoin, and newcomers who didn't do thorough research might buy into that. The truth is that this new technology is being tested on he frontier of free market, and you can't claim superiority without empirical evidence. Anyone claiming victory before the war is deceitful or an overconfident idiot.
@_date: 2018-09-26 09:45:54
Within Bitcoin, you can try to use the Samourai wallet and use the Ricochet feature to increase anonymity. If you transfer your Bitcoin to your payee straight from an exchange, you'll have your signature all over it.
Another option is Wasabi wallet for privacy.
@_date: 2018-05-10 17:09:50
Humanity, the world, and the universe thanks you.
@_date: 2018-05-24 15:16:10
Generally agree with what you're saying. The solution is innovation, but the fiat side is light years behind. It's the same for any disruptive technology, like the first automobile on cobble roads, but that doesn't mean we abandon it.
@_date: 2018-05-03 02:01:36
2140 is when the last Bitcoin is mined.
@_date: 2018-09-27 09:29:00
I'm doing a deep dive learning into how banks operate, and this interview made things click for me. Thanks so much for sharing.
@_date: 2018-05-09 22:21:03
Their piedpipercoin account:  
Fun stuff. 
@_date: 2018-05-07 14:13:36
Muneeb Ali and Ryan Shea are Blockstack co-founders.. I guess more than one team is advising
@_date: 2018-05-28 06:24:22
If there's a market for that, sure, go ahead. No one is holding you back.
You're probably not the intended audience for the site, as you've probably never required extensive dental services. There are many who'd appreciate to have someone in the profession to speak with.
@_date: 2018-05-11 14:09:34
I disagree with the idea that there is no productivity without debt. You seem to mirror some points from David Graeber's 5000 years of debt. 
I'll have to search for it, but there's a twitter thread between David Graeber and Nick Szabo on the topic. At the end of it, Graeber's definition of money was agreed to be artificially constrained.  There were good examples of golden era civilisations that benefited from lower time preference because debt was manageable by the average person. In civilisations that were accustomed to crippling debt, you get a lot of non-productive labour.
@_date: 2018-05-02 15:15:21
Thanks for your response and your dedication to the research. Much appreciated!
@_date: 2018-08-27 14:56:03
1.this sub is an echo chamber.
It is, but this sub isn't where all bitcoin related conversations happen. There are much better resources on other platforms
2.Blockchain is the important tech. Blockchain does not need bitcoin.
IMO, this comes from a fundamental misunderstanding of how Bitcoin works. In your mind, what are the characteristics of "blockchain" which make it important tech? There are tradeoffs to using blockchain as a data structure, and I'm not yet convinced of any valid enterprise/private use.
3.0.357% of the planet are using bitcoin (approx. 25m of 7bn). After almost a decade thats not really adoption is it?
How many people were able to use email before application layers (http) were built out?
@_date: 2018-05-07 03:28:47
Gilfoyle has not been wrong in the entire series.
Fun fact: Blockstack is advising Silicon Valley on some technical details of decentralized internet. The people at Blockstack are pro\-Bitcoin, and have plans to borrow from Bitcoin's security for applications of decentralized internet.
See a podcast here with Patrick Slaney of Blockstack for details: [
Played around with their decentralized version of Twitter...decentralized internet is becoming reality.
@_date: 2018-05-26 12:13:43
Thanks, I'll check that out
@_date: 2018-05-17 04:34:23
The golden rule for crypto\-assets is DO YOUR OWN RESEARCH. Put in as much money as you think you understand Bitcoin. Took me a good 8 months of reading to understand why Bitcoin is the way it is. People that would sell their life savings on something they don't understand are irresponsible, and completely irrelevant to what Bitcoin is.
@_date: 2018-05-30 20:40:25
PoW is how Bitcoin achieves trustless consensus, different from PoS, and isn't directly related to node count.
I wrote a piece about the necessity of using energy to secure Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-05-24 13:19:28
I've been trading on Bisq in CAD since RBC banned trading crypto with Interac. Liquidity is an issue, but everything works well.
@_date: 2018-05-28 19:24:27
Thanks for the feedback.
I don't have a physical office yet. Dental offices are a dime a dozen, I didn't feel like it's a smart business decision to compete in metropolitan areas (where I want to live), especially considering that I have less resources to compete for patients/SEO compared to bigger players.
So I'm working in dentistry on a commission basis for other practice owners, while I'm working on side projects. I want to explore whether or not there's market demand for name- your-own-fee online consultations in Bitcoin, which is what this site is primarily for.
@_date: 2018-05-14 17:03:36
Video:   
Pretty funny. 
@_date: 2018-09-26 09:37:02
It matters that nodes = miners in the context of what satoshi said. "The rest will be client nodes that only do transactions and don't generate." Here he makes a distinction between client nodes and miners.
Not recognising that distinction gives a different interpretation of what satoshi meant.
@_date: 2018-05-16 00:07:57
This isn't just for credit anymore, they're applying the ban to debit as well. Can't use RBC on QuadrigaCX anymore. Bisq is trading at 8\-10&amp; premium for Canadian buyers with very low volume.
Fuck you, RBC. Shame on you for censoring what I can do with my money. We know you're on your last legs when anti\-competition measures are your response to crypto. I hope the institution rots to irrelevance in the near future.  
@_date: 2018-05-24 13:24:09
Yes, as of 0.70, you can.
To buy, I set my deposit to 0.01 btc, which I get back after the trade. 0.000078 btc was the maker and mining fee, which goes to the network. I'm buying at 2% above market price in CAD, but the spread could reach -2% in USD and GBP markets.
@_date: 2018-05-28 18:07:52
This is a piece that I wrote, and it pertains to Canadians and healthcare. Most important part: 










@_date: 2018-05-07 05:55:57
For reals. Brings out the best of the interviewees
@_date: 2018-05-07 13:58:32
Muneeb Ali and Ryan Shea are the Blockstack co-founders.. I guess there are multiple companies advising.
@_date: 2018-05-26 12:14:23
Thanks, I'll try that out tonight
@_date: 2018-05-07 03:27:05
Gilfoyle has not been wrong in the entire series.
Fun fact: Blockstack is advising Silicon Valley on some technical details of decentralized internet. The people at Blockstack are pro\-Bitcoin, and have plans to borrow from Bitcoin's security for applications of decentralized internet.
See a podcast here with Patrick Slaney of Blockstack for details: [
Played around with their decentralized version of Twitter...decentralized internet is becoming reality.
@_date: 2018-08-04 04:26:15
Check out [David Graeber's 5000 Years of Debt]( for an anthropological record of debt/asset cycles.
@_date: 2018-05-30 17:36:36
A worldwide digital currency has different security requirements compared to a world computer. 
PoS may satisfy the requirement of what Ethereum was meant to be, but it will not for Bitcoin. You want Bitcoin to be as simple, predictable, secure as possible. Have it behave like the laws of physics.
@_date: 2018-05-03 21:13:47
The Chinese ban on Bitcoin isn't being enforced. [Linus in Shenzhen, China](
Unlike Venezuela, where the government is seizing equipment, the Chinese are trading Bitcoin freely. If it's not on an exchange, it's P2P. 
The effect the ban has on Bitcoin in China is overstated
@_date: 2018-05-24 13:23:09
To buy, I set my deposit to 0.01 btc, which I get back after the trade. 0.000078 btc was the maker and mining fee, which goes to the network. I'm buying at 2% above market price in CAD, but the spread could reach -2% in USD and GBP markets.
@_date: 2018-05-28 19:56:15
Appreciate the comment, but I practice spend and replace. I attended a Jimmy Song Antifragility meetup in Toronto last night where I met a community who does the same.
Edit: also the receiving parties I'm dealing with are benefiting from the use case of foreign remittances. I'm hiring animators, and it happens that the market for animation is more favourable overseas.
@_date: 2018-05-24 14:16:27
But yet it does..


Yes, I'm aware the bank can still reverse the funds by claiming the transaction was fraudulent, but they can also do that for ANY transfer that is not cash.
It's the closest thing to trustless P2P fiat onboarding to crypto we have, and it works. 
Also, I know we don't trust, verify in this community, but you're assuming humans follow the Simple Model Of Rational Crime rule, which we [demonstrably don't](
If it's that easy to attack at scale, wouldn't you already be on it? There's ~10 btc bounty in the platform there right now.
@_date: 2018-05-03 02:21:19
They didn't mention that explicitly on the paper, but that was essentially the position they took on an Epicenter.tv podcast: 
Mind you that I am amongst the laymen that need dumbing down of such an esoteric topic. I understand the topic better now from your paper, and that my previous understanding was oversimplified.
@_date: 2018-05-29 01:46:51
LOL, it is indeed. Shitcoins be shitcoins
@_date: 2018-05-26 15:17:48
Get in touch with Charles Hwang, professor at Baruch college, teaching classes on crypto. 
Agreed with what most people have said here already.
 
@_date: 2018-05-02 14:50:12
Thanks for the research. My first exposure to the topic was through Ajay Prakash and Gavin Brennen: Quantum attacks on Bitcoin, and how to protect against them - 
AFAIK, they conclude that mining using quantum hardware is possible by 2027, but isn't a game changer. The most credible threat is against elliptical curve cryptography, specifically with new transactions.
Is there anything you disagree with them on?
@_date: 2019-03-13 17:36:55
Thanks for the info. I'll wait for a working implementation
@_date: 2019-03-03 20:05:35
ANNOTATED NOTES provided by [Professor Meow]( 
**LIGHTNING NETWORK DEVELOPMENT**
*Adam B. Levine*: How do you determine at what rate [channel capacity] should increase and who gets to decide if that should increase?
*Andreas Antonopolous*: The way lightning collaboration and interoperability happens is through a series of standards called BOLT (Basics of Lightning Technology). These are constantly under negotiation. The first iteration of BOLT standards is what created today's production Lightning Network, and allows three or four different software clients to interoperate very successfully.
*Stephanie Murphy*: Can we draw any parallels to the way that changes happen [on the Lightning Network], and in Bitcoin [base protocol layer]?
*Andreas Antonopolous*: This isn't a consensus rule. The difficulty with Bitcoin [base layer] is that everyone has to agree, because if one party doesn't agree, they can no longer maintain synchronization with the network. In Lightning, the scripts are part of the consensus because you need to be able to secure the transactions - everything else is up for negotiation. If some clients don't do big payments and other clients do big payments, it's OK, they can both coexist on the network quite happily. You don't need this rigid lockstep coordination on layer 2 as you do in layer 1. **It's one of the reasons why layer 2 can move much faster in terms of innovation, because you don't need everybody to agree on all of the changes.**
Next week is the second semi-annual meeting of the various teams that are working on Lightning development, so that they can continue the discussion on developing the BOLT standard and creating new interoperable standards. 
All of the things we are talking about: Wumbology, Eltoo, AMP, Sphinx-routing, Rendezvous-routing, etc; all of these were decided and standardized in terms of roadmap in the last semi-annual meeting of the Lightning developers. The next one is next week in Argentina. There's a lot more happening on the mailing list, and there's a lot more things in discussion that we didn't even touch on. We scratched the surface - we talked about the things that were agreed on 6 months ago, that now have names, and are proceeding towards production with specific standards. Next week in their meeting in Argentina, they're probably going to create a whole bunch of new things that we haven't even talked about. Once again this is a space that moves incredibly fast. Lightning is moving at 3 or 4 times the speed of Bitcoin’s base blockchain development, because innovation can move a lot faster at higher layers. You don't need as much coordination and conservatism because you get the security from the base layer. This is really interesting. Things are really speeding up and heating up in the Lightning development space.
**LIGHTNING NETWORK CAPACITY**
*Adam B. Levine*: Right now in the Lightning Network, you can only make transactions and hold value up to a certain size. Andreas, why is that?
*Andreas Antonopolous*: It's to discourage people from putting too much money into something that was experimental, and also trying to do payments that are too big for most routes. The limit per payment is 4 million Satoshis (0.04 Bitcoin). The channel capacity maximum is 16.7 million Satoshis. You can create a channel for 16 million Satoshis and you can transmit payments of about 1/4 its total capacity at a time in each direction. That just prevents people from trying to use Lightning today for the types of payments that are probably best kept on-chain.
*Adam B. Levine*: Do you see the Lightning Network being used for larger transactions like the traditional Bitcoin network?
*Andreas Antonopolous*: Eventually yes. **Eventually there's no reason why you wouldn't have your entire hot wallet in Lightning channels, and the only funds that are not in Lightning channels are cold storage funds.** I see it eventually having much bigger transactions - it can span the entire range from tiny to very big.
**DUAL FUNDED CHANNELS**
*Andreas Antonopolous*: Imagine that Adam and I are sitting across from a table. We have a PVC tube between us, and that PVC tube between us is our channel. Let's say this is funded entirely in peanuts. I have a bowl full of peanuts on my end. If I want to send peanuts to Adam, I can send them, but he doesn't have any on his end. I can send peanuts to him, and once he has some on his end, he can send them back to me. He can make payments in my direction once he has some peanuts on his end of the pipe. But until he does, I have all the peanuts on my end, he has nothing on his end; there's only one way they can flow, and that's from me to him. 
That's what a channel normally looks like today. Channels are these two ended things and you have two balances. You have a local balance and a remote balance. Local balance is what you have on your side of the channel. Remote balance is what the other party has put on their side of the channel. Today when I set up a node, if I open channels to other people, I put funds on my end. If they open channels to me they put funds on their end. But when we start, all of those channels have zero on one side - they're only funded in one direction. Until payments start flowing through that means they're unbalanced - they can only flow through in one direction until there's a bit of balance on both sides, then they can flow in both directions. 
The proposal here is to be able to set up a channel with another party, but rather than funding it only on your end, you negotiate in advance. You say, “hey, I'm willing to fund it on my end but only if, and only if you fund it on your end. Do we have a deal?” Sure okay, so I'll put a tenth of a Bitcoin on this end, and you put a tenth of a Bitcoin on that end. **Now we have a channel that can flow in both directions from the very beginning.**
The double funding of transactions involves us coin-joining a transaction where we spend inputs from both of our wallets in order to fund a 2-of-2 [multisig] where both of us have balance. It removes some of the risk of you blindly opening channels to other people.
*Adam B. Levine*: Do you think this [collaboratively signing with someone else] solution is becoming more prevalent? **You're effectively using coin-join as a way to create composite transactions for a purpose that goes beyond privacy.**
*Andreas Antonopolous*: Yes absolutely. I believe in the long term we're going to see the vast majority of transactions migrate to Lightning channels. **Therefore every transaction you do on-chain, you're using the opportunity to bootstrap a channel, fund a channel, increase the funding of a channel, rebalance a channel, whatever you’re doing.** We're going to see a lot more complex transactions that involve multiple different steps.
Bitcoin’s dumb contracts are dumb-as-rocks contracts, which is why they can deliver more security, as there is not much room to do fancy things. **It's really interesting how even with a simple scripting language you can build some very sophisticated operations.**
@_date: 2019-03-07 04:01:21
Some good resources here here: 
Topics we discussed in this episode:
- What are quantum technologies and how they differ from the existing paradigm
- The areas and industries which are to benefit most from quantum computing
- A refresher on hashing algorithms as one-way functions
- What a quantum attack on Bitcoin mining might look like
- How Elliptic Curve digital signature algorithms work and how public and private keys are generated
- The three types of attacks a quantum computer could perform digital signatures
- The expected timelines for these attacks to be viable
- The potential countermeasures which could circumvent quantum attacks on Bitcoin
- The Qubit Protocol as a DAO to fund quantum technology startups and the challenges of investing in the quantum space
Here's an actual primary source paper: 
@_date: 2019-03-24 15:16:35
 Acquiring Neutrino**
Excerpts provided by [Professor Meow](
 
*Adam B. Levine*: The core of what's happened here is that Coinbase was representing that they were not selling or sharing data about people who use Coinbase, except under very specific circumstances. And it came out somewhat recently that it actually was not true and one of their service providers had been actually selling that data (as many of these service providers do). Coinbase opted to acquire a company called Neutrino. Neutrino basically allowed Coinbase to do the same type of thing through a third party, but there's some baggage that came along with Neutrino name.
*Andreas Antonopoulos*: This "give-and-get data” is the Devil’s deal with all of the analytics firms. Basically, if you want to get a transaction scored in terms of its AML, counterterrorism and KYC score for how tainted it is by bad-y coins, you have to give these services every transaction to review and they will return a score. **You give them every transaction with all the identifiers, so they can score it, so they build a surveillance database with this. I don't know why anyone is surprised that these companies whose primary business is to collect surveillance data, also sell this surveillance data to third parties**.
That's the least of the problems right. **Yes, they sell it to third parties. Yes, they feed it to intelligence agencies directly. Yes, they're also vulnerable to being hacked themselves, which leaks all of that data to everyone. That data is effectively public. It is a public surveillance mechanism that collects all of the information. All exchanges do this. All exchanges have to do this**.  And so the initial rationale of Coinbase is: if we buy a company that can do analytics for us, we won't have to give this to third parties. That's not an outlandish claim, that's a rational choice. Where things fall apart is that the team that they bought (Neutrino acquisition) is the team that has been criticized in multiple investigations of assisting horrible dictators who puts back doors into software, been involved in State-level hacking that targets dissidents in places like Saudi Arabia, all the way up to being linked to the slaughter of Jamal Khashoggi.
 and Banks**
*Jonathan Mohan*: I remember one of the prosecutors from the Southern District of New York was saying that he couldn't be more excited by Bitcoin. He saw it as email for money. The way they can crack down on criminal enterprises is because it's almost impossible to engage in a crime with a couple dozen people without an email record. And he saw Bitcoin as that future, and actors like Coinbase are very much willing to feed into that narrative. **That’s why I actually think that the most contentious hard fork in Bitcoin's history will be privacy and transaction obfuscation**.
*Adam B. Levine*: If you pick a centralized exchange like Coinbase, then you just have to assume that you have no privacy within Coinbase, and further than that, beyond Coinbase. So is there a use case for decentralized exchanges, or do we need to have a different type of centralized exchange? Is there a solution to this problem?
*Andreas Antonopoulos*: **This is a battle for privacy in the 21st century**, and we're fighting this on every domain. And let's not be naive - this is how all of traditional finance works.  The Patriot Act imposed obligations on banks to do full time surveillance of every financial transaction into and out of every bank account, credit card, and payment. All of that information is being funnelled directly to all intelligence agencies, working in collusion, or are backdooring each other’s systems. So whenever you do a transaction on your Visa card, or your Paypal transaction, or your bank accounts, you can assume that not only are the Five Eyes agencies of Australia, New Zealand, the UK, Canada, and the United States watching, but you can assume that half of the European intelligence agencies, the Chinese, and Russians are watching that transaction too, and are all doing statistical analysis scoring. That's how traditional finance works.
We are heading towards a future where digital cash will be the only cash available, as they're trying to rapidly eradicate paper cash. At that point we have to choose between that, or a cryptocurrency that is not based on surveillance. Exchanges are only doing a subset of what is happening across the financial world. They have less visibility into crypto, which means that they can be thwarted, which means you can obfuscate and build better privacy into these systems. This is the primary differentiator for privacy coins. This is a battle for privacy in the 21st century. If we end up without privacy solutions then the only people who will have privacy are criminals.
Coinbase is a bank. They’re a crypto-friendly bank, but they’re a bank. **Once you accept that Coinbase is a bank, you accept that means compromising your privacy. Their business model is fundamentally at odds with many cryptocurrency values**. There's really two reasons for why Coinbase is so popular. One is, for people who see cryptocurrency as an investment, which in my opinion has always been the wrong way to look at this. If you're not earning cryptocurrency you're buying cryptocurrency, then you need an exchange. You don't use cryptocurrency, so you keep moving between the two economies of fiat and crypto. So that's one problem. And the other problem that we still haven't solved, and will take a while to solve, is that security in crypto is difficult. So outsourcing that's to a bank seems natural for people who don’t know how to handle their own custody. We need to get a lot better at helping people do self-custody and security of their crypto themselves, so they don't have to outsource that to a company, with all the privacy problems that come with.
 Coin**
*Andreas Antonopoulos*: That press release about JP Morgan coin, the amount of bull**** is astonishing, even for JPM. That's not a blockchain, that's a SQL database. You may have over-engineered it to use blockchain technology to implement a database, but that doesn’t make it a blockchain, that’s just a series of poor engineering decisions. You didn’t need a blockchain for that. All you’ve done is create a less scalable, less efficient version of SQL.
“**That’s not a blockchain, that’s a sequence of poor engineering decisions!”**
This is a ridiculous thing, and we're going to see more of these emerge. The next one I think is Facebook coin. We're going to see these types of corporate coins emerge, and they’re going to use words like “blockchain”, but effectively what these are, is centralized, custodial counterparty risk laden, slowly inflating into shit value, pegged to the unstable debt-ridden U.S. dollar, and backed by the full faith in credit and the biggest crooks in history who run Wall Street (which isn’t much faith in credit).
This is a complete waste of time. Are they competing against crypto? No. They’re competing against Paypal, Venmo, and things like that. It’s not a game they can compete very well in, because when Facebook launches their coin, they’ll eat JPM’s lunch. **In terms of having reach and being able to deliver the promise of a stable-shitcoin, better than anybody else in selling out your privacy, is Facebook.**
**I’m not worried at all about crypto because crypto serves an entirely different purpose. It serves the purpose of independent, decentralized, censorship-resistant, borderless, world currency, that is not controlled by a single company. They cannot compete.**
*Jonathan Mohan*: Everyone talks about Bitcoin needing its AOL moment. They forget what AOL was. AOL was the really crappy walled-garden that you got all the rubes into because they didn’t know what the Internet was. Then they got just a taste of it, and realized that they wanted more. AOL collapsed because they couldn’t make money doing it, and just vomited people onto the real Internet - that was the real AOL moment. The AOL moment wasn’t the celebratory thing, it wasn’t a great thing, it was the collapse of the pseudo-internet that dumped everyone onto mainnet. The thing I’m excited about JPM coin and Facebook coin is that we can potentially get a billion people using a really shitty substitute to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-03-12 23:29:46
I don't believe I'm technically literate enough to find the correct script on the internet. Hence 'easy' =P. Thanks though!
@_date: 2019-03-03 20:05:46
**SPHINX AND RENDEZVOUS ROUTING**
*Adam B. Levine*:  Unlike a traditional Bitcoin transaction, I can't just send money to someone [on Lightning]. In the current state of this technology, I can't just send a payment to Andreas because Andreas doesn't have an address on the Lightning Network.
There's this idea called **Sphinx send, which aims to solve that problem by removing the need for preemptively generated invoices before a payment could be made.** There are also some interesting privacy implications.
*Andreas Antonopolous*: Lightning today predominantly uses a source-routed mechanism, whereby the sender of the payments decides how the payments will be routed to the recipient. In order to do that, [the sender] gets an invoice from the recipient, and that invoice tells the sender how much to pay and who to pay. Who to pay in Lightning Network is your node’s public key. How much to pay is an amount in milli-Satoshis, and then with that information the sender can construct a route. The problem is that the recipient has to request a specific amount with an invoice.
Sphinx routing together with another technique called rendezvous routing is basically an evolution of this routing mechanism that allows the two parties to build the route together. Couple of things emerge from that - one is that you can route to an intermediary node. This called rendezvous routing. With rendezvous, the sender creates a series of encrypted blobs that gets to the rendezvous point, then they take an encrypted blob with the rest of the route from the recipient.
That allows you to hide behind a public node and have private unpublished channels with that node. Everybody who wants to route to you, they know how to get there (intermediary node), but they don't know from there (intermediary node), how it gets to you.
**With Sphinx routing, you can do this trick whereby the “secret” that's part of the invoice is sent to the recipient as part of the routing, so that the recipient doesn't need to create an invoice in the first place.** That way you can send an arbitrary amount to a recipient address which will look similar to a Lightning address. [The address] identifies a destination node, or even a rendezvous point, without an invoice and without having to communicate with the recipient.
*Andreas Antonopolous*: Eltoo channels are officially called Decker-Russell-Osuntokun channels. Eltoo uses a very interesting formulation which is a new type of signature called a SIG_HASH_NO_INPUT. This has not been implemented in Bitcoin. It will be implemented as part of the Segwit upgrade for Schnorr signatures and other things, which is scheduled for the end of this year to mid-2020. Once that new signature hash type is added to Bitcoin’s blockchain, we can implement Eltoo channels. They're much more efficient. You don't need to keep all of the penalty transactions in revoke commitment states. You can just keep the latest, and that latest allows you to close a channel and prevent someone from cheating. It massively increases the efficiency of the system.
**Channel Factories**
*Andreas Antonopolous*: A payment channel (today) is a two-of-two multi-sig. You're locking funds into a [2/2 multi-sig], and then you're deciding how to allocate the balances by swapping transactions off-chain.
But there's no limitation that we only have to do 2/2. What if we do 5/5, and now the channel isn't like a pipe that is connecting two points, but instead it's like a pool that's in the middle of five different nodes.
The example where you would use this is where you have some very critical centralized nodes that are doing a lot of traffic with each other. These are: very large merchants, very large wallets, exchange nodes that are on the Lightning Network - they need to do a lot of volume, a lot of liquidity. But they mostly need to do that with a handful of other nodes. Lightning Network will have many parts of it that are very decentralized, but it will also have some parts that are a bit more centralized. Just like you have very large wallets on the Bitcoin blockchain that are controlled by exchanges, you're likely going to have very large nodes on the Lightning Network.
*Adam B. Levine*: That kind of sounds like the Lightning Network version of the Liquid side-chain project that blockstreams was working on.
*Andreas Antonopolous*: It is. Channel factories in the long term will obsolete the need for Liquid.
*Stephanie Murphy*: Does that kind of create a fractionation or a splintering of the Lightning Network into little clusters?
*Andreas Antonopolous*: It does. We have to keep thinking of the Lightning Network is in its essence and design an internetwork. It's a network of networks, just like the Internet is. It will have different degrees of clustering and hierarchy. Effectively channel factories are almost like a VPN -  it's almost like creating an overlay network on top of the Lightning Network.
*Stephanie Murphy*: Will there be a way to visualize the hotspots or the different clusters within the Lightning Network?
*Andreas Antonopolous*: Only the public ones, and only at first. Meaning that the bigger Lightning gets, the less visibility we have into its operation. When there's only a handful of nodes and you can see the traffic flowing from the perspective of one of them, then you're seeing a pretty big percentage of the network. You're seeing the flows and you can make some educated guesses about what's happening in the rest of the network that you're not seeing. When there's five thousand nodes and you control ten of them, now you're seeing a very small percentage of what's happening - most of it is invisible to you. When there's five million nodes, then you're seeing even a smaller fraction. **As lightning gets bigger, more and more of these transactions effectively disappear from view.** More and more of the channels are private, not advertised public channels, more of the routing happens with rendezvous, and things like that. You have channel factories in the background that are invisible to the outside. **You're going to end up with a network that becomes more and more opaque which actually improves privacy.**
@_date: 2019-03-07 04:03:05
Some better resources here: 
Topics they discussed in this episode:
- What are quantum technologies and how they differ from the existing paradigm
- The areas and industries which are to benefit most from quantum computing
- A refresher on hashing algorithms as one-way functions
- What a quantum attack on Bitcoin mining might look like
- How Elliptic Curve digital signature algorithms work and how public and private keys are generated
- The three types of attacks a quantum computer could perform digital signatures
- The expected timelines for these attacks to be viable
- The potential countermeasures which could circumvent quantum attacks on Bitcoin
- The Qubit Protocol as a DAO to fund quantum technology startups and the challenges of investing in the quantum space
Here's an actual primary source paper: 
@_date: 2019-03-28 17:11:02
Ontario represent! 
@_date: 2019-03-13 01:01:48
Ah, I see. Thanks for the reply! Is there a way to show to my customers that the funds are actually being distributed to the intended recipients without re-using addresses or compromising privacy too badly?
And follow-up, is this a function that could be built more easily on LN or base protocol?
@_date: 2018-10-11 18:46:56
It has a lot to do with it. From Principles For Navigating Big Debt Crises by Ray Dalio: 


@_date: 2018-10-14 03:00:46
IMO, no she isn't a shill. She has 2 podcasts: Unconfirmed and Unchained. She's generally fair, and likes to push back on BS when it smells.
Great for understanding different points of view.
@_date: 2018-10-05 08:43:40
The USD took on many different forms in the past 200 years. The late 1800s greenback is vastly different from 1910s centrally issued dollars, and kept changing throughout the 20th century.
@_date: 2018-10-27 07:26:18
OP, this is super important. If you aren't in control of your own private keys and wallet, you are NOT in control of your bitcoins. Is it being held by an exchange on a website? Is it on a wallet on your phone?
@_date: 2018-10-27 19:07:01
Check out BTCPayServer?
@_date: 2019-03-13 17:36:26
Thanks, it'll be too technical for me and decided to wait for a wallet to implement that.
@_date: 2018-10-12 08:06:55
Super cool find. Thanks for sharing. Got a Cicada 3301 feel to it.
@_date: 2018-06-12 15:08:09
Royal Bank of Canada extended the ban for debit purchases of crypto. Can't even gamble with our own money.
@_date: 2018-06-07 13:39:19
Shi wo, ni de xiong di! Gei wo yi dian.
@_date: 2018-06-27 19:28:10
It's possible. If there's something that's more decentralised, neutral, censorship-resistant, free and open source, then I would switch. At the moment, nothing comes close.
Think of Bitcoin like the protocol layer TCP/IP. HTTP as the application layer was built on top of TCP/IP in the same way Lightning Network is built on Bitcoin. Were there competitors to TCP/IP? Yes, but because of the walled-garden approach of other protocols (OSI and others), TCP/IP was adopted as the standard.
@_date: 2018-06-14 21:16:54
Adding more things:
You'd want to run your own node to trustlessly validate transactions. Use a desktop wallet like Electrum and have it watch your own node.
@_date: 2018-06-28 05:37:29
Fringe case scenario is that your copy and paste function could be altered by malicious code, directing your BTC to attacker's address. Might see that someday.
@_date: 2019-08-26 22:09:57
Would like to know what you think is a good choice.
@_date: 2018-06-15 19:26:08
I'm hooked on podcasts. Other good ones: 
\- [Tales from the Crypt](
\- [Let's Talk Bitcoin](
\- [Bitcoin and Markets](
\- [The Bitcoin Knowledge Podcast](
@_date: 2018-06-13 21:24:55


The infrastructure development of Bitcoin is at the early nascent stages of TCP/IP. TCP/IP (equivalent to Bitcoin blockchain layer) took decades to build up. A second layer like HTTP took about ten years before applications like YouTube/twitter were built on top. Mass adoption of internet didn't happen at TCP/IP. We're 9 years in and already working on a layer 2 (lightning).  Infographic wasn't meant to cover this point.


It's not. Custodial experiences of Bitcoin (centralised exchange) doesn't count as using Bitcoin. That's like using an offline internet browser on a flight and calling it browsing the internet. Or only through restricted AOL browser. 
Most people don't know how to estimate fee or evaluate mempool, and that's fine in the same way that you don't need to know how to use TCP/IP to browse the internet.


I agree with that.
@_date: 2019-08-24 01:12:23
The average baby boomer won't have the knowledge and expertise to do that.
The ones that did had an advantage because they did the work to know how, and they actually followed through.
@_date: 2018-06-18 05:30:37
I'm fine with currency competition - not against that at all.
I'm suggesting that some people don't understand why Bitcoin is the way it is, because they don't have a thorough understanding of the problems which Bitcoin set out to solve.  
The disagreement is about beliefs on monetary policy. Bitcoin maximalists believe that sound monetary policy is much needed and will result in a net positive on society. I am in that camp. At this point, I believe the evidence in favour of sound monetary policy via Bitcoin is overwhelming.
Others, like Vitalik, [don't believe that existing monetary policy is problematic]( So they replicate the structure of the blockchain, change the parameters of: free and open source software + cryptography + economic incentives, and then keep moving the goalpost of what their project was meant to do, because they found out that the blockchain was only applicable for a limited set of problems.  
@_date: 2019-08-24 00:59:28
I'd assume that you don't know much about Austrian economics if you have that perspective.
Having sound money, lower time preferences, true market price discovery, etc., are compelling reasons to believe that mass adoption of Bitcoin is net positive for society.
Tell me where you disagree with those objectives?
@_date: 2018-06-12 18:37:30
Are you referring to your SEPA account waiting for payment?
There's also a phase where you have to deposit Bitcoin for the trade and wait for confirmations.
@_date: 2018-06-27 20:05:21


Again, if any of these hundreds of coins can demonstrate AT SCALE to do what Bitcoin does, or better, then I would switch. At the moment, nothing comes close


We'll wait and see. I'd wager on permissionless innovation over walled gardens anyday.
@_date: 2018-06-24 05:58:37
If you knew enough about modern mechanics of money, the problems that come as a result of our flawed system, and alternatives/solutions, I don't think OP is the delusional one.
@_date: 2018-06-16 14:09:15
Thank you for the summary, kind sir/madam.
@_date: 2019-08-24 04:28:57
Still a better scenario than the corrupt elite having control of the money faucet. Their activities are limited to the amount of Bitcoin they have. I.e., they don't have an endless source of wealth to fund their activities, unless society values it so.
@_date: 2018-06-16 14:13:01
Yeah, I had the same question about that. Also the Chinese Yuan is missing (big part of the puzzle).
@_date: 2019-08-12 06:47:49
Check out a Nodl node as well
@_date: 2019-08-25 04:35:25
Decentralised digital identities.
Decentralised opt-in credit rating.
@_date: 2018-06-28 01:55:19
Admittedly, yes. However, after that peak (Feb 2018 ish), exchanges were able to implement better transaction batching and Segwit, wallets refined their fee estimation algorithms, exchanged beefed up their operations,  Schnorr signatures and other optimisations are on their way.
Transaction batching on exchanges is the big one.
We'll see about 2nd layer when Channel Factories and Watchtowers are implemented.
@_date: 2018-06-28 17:59:17
That's actually pretty cool, didn't know about this.
@_date: 2018-06-16 17:42:55
Absolutely. This is something I've wrote on regarding the topic of price fixing dental supplies/equipment into Canada.
The solution is to let the unrestricted free market work out international trade dynamics rather than let central authority decide.
@_date: 2019-08-24 04:27:15


That's just factually incorrect. Check out David Graeber's 5000 years of Debt for an anthropological account of money for the past 5 millennia; you'll know that's untrue.
As per inflation vs deflation:
***DEFLATION - The Ethics of Money Production by Jorg Guido Hulsmann***
Still another variant of the same basic fallacy that we just discussed is the alleged need to fight deflation. The word “deflation” can be defined in various ways. According to the most widely accepted definition today, deflation is a sustained decrease of the price level. Older authors have often used the expression “deflation” to denote a decreasing money supply, and some contemporary authors use it to characterize a decrease of the inflation rate. All of these definitions are acceptable, depending on the purpose of the analysis. **None of them, however, lends itself to justifying an artificial increase of the money supply**. The harmful character of deflation is today one of the sacred dogmas of monetary policy. **The champions of the fight against deflation usually present six arguments to make their case**^14
1. One, in their eyes it is a matter of historical experience that deflation has negative repercussions on aggregate production and, therefore, on the standard of living. To explain this presumed historical record, they hold, 
1. Two, that deflation incites the market participants to postpone buying because they speculate on ever lower prices. Furthermore, they consider, 
1. Three, that a declining price level makes it more difficult to service debts contracted at a higher price level in the past. These difficulties threaten to entail, 
1. Four, a crisis within the banking industry and thus a dramatic curtailment of credit. 
1. Five, they claim that deflation in conjunction with “sticky prices” results in unemployment. And finally, 
1. Six, they consider that deflation might reduce nominal interest rates to such an extent that a monetary policy of “cheap money,” to stimulate employment and production, would no longer be possible, because the interest rate cannot be decreased below zero.
**However, theoretical and empirical evidence substantiating these claims is either weak or lacking altogether.**^15 
***First***, in historical fact, deflation has had no clear negative impact on aggregate production. Long-term decreases of the price level did not systematically correlate with lower growth rates than those that prevailed in comparable periods and/or countries with increasing price levels. Even if we focus on deflationary shocks emanating from the financial system, **empirical evidence does not seem to warrant the general claim that deflation impairs long-run growth**.^16 
***Second***, it is true that unexpectedly strong deflation can incite people to postpone purchase decisions. However, this does not by any sort of necessity slow down aggregate production. Notice that, in the presence of deflationary tendencies, purchase decisions in general, and consumption in particular, does not come to a halt. For one thing, human beings act under the “constraint of the stomach.” Even the most neurotic misers, who cherish saving a penny above anything else, must make a minimum of purchases just to survive the next day. And all others—that is, the great majority of the population— will by and large buy just as many consumers’ goods as they would have bought in a nondeflationary environment. Even though they expect prices to decline ever further, they will buy goods and services at some point because they prefer enjoying these goods and services sooner rather than later (economists call this “time preference”). In actual fact, then, consumption will slow down only marginally in a deflationary environment. **And this marginal reduction of consumer spending, far from impairing aggregate production, will rather tend to increase it**. The simple fact is that all resources that are not used for consumption are saved; that is, they are available for investment and thus help to extend production in those areas that previously were not profitable enough to warrant investment.
***Third***, it is correct that deflation—especially unanticipated deflation—makes it more difficult to service debts contracted at a higher price level in the past. In the case of a massive deflation shock, widespread bankruptcy might result. Such consequences are certainly deplorable from the standpoint of the individual entrepreneurs and capitalists who own the firms, factories, and other productive assets when the deflationary shock hits. However, from the aggregate (social) point of view, it does not matter who controls the existing resources. What matters from this overall point of view is that resources remain intact and be used. Now the important point is that deflation does not destroy these resources physically. It merely diminishes their monetary value, which is why their present owners go bankrupt. **Thus deflation by and large boils down to a redistribution of productive assets from old owners to new owners.** The net impact on production is likely to be zero.
***Fourth***, it is true that deflation more or less directly threatens the banking industry, because deflation makes it more difficult for bank customers to repay their debts and because widespread business failures are likely to have a direct negative impact on the liquidity of banks. However, for the same reasons that we just discussed, while this might be devastating for some banks, it is not so for society as a whole. **The crucial point is that bank credit does not create resources; it channels existing resources into other businesses than those which would have used them if these credits had not existed**. It follows that a curtailment of bank credit does not destroy any resources; it simply entails a different employment of human beings and of the available land, factories, streets, and so on. In the light of the preceding considerations it appears that the problems entailed by deflation are much less formidable than they are in the opinion of present-day monetary authorities. Deflation certainly has much disruptive potential. However, as will become even more obvious in the following chapters, it mainly threatens institutions that are responsible for inflationary increases of the money supply. It reduces the wealth of fractional-reserve banks, and their customers— debt-ridden governments, entrepreneurs, and consumers. But as we have argued, such destruction liberates the underlying physical resources for new employment. The destruction entailed by deflation is therefore often “creative destruction” in the Schumpeterian sense^18.
***Fifth***. In the past eighty years, the sticky-prices argument has played an important role in monetary debates. According to this argument, the manipulation of the money supply might be a suitable instrument to re-establish a lost equilibrium on certain markets, most notably on the labor market. Suppose that powerful labor unions push up nominal wage rates in all industries to such an extent that entrepreneurs can no longer profitably employ a great part of the workforce at these wages. The result is mass unemployment. But if it were possible to substantially increase the money supply, then the selling prices of the entrepreneurs might rise enough to allow for the reintegration of the unemployed workers into the division of labor. Now, the argument goes, under a gold or silver standard, this kind of policy is impossible for purely technical reasons because the money supply is inflexible. Only a paper money provides the technical wherewithal to implement pro-employment policies. Thus we have here a prima facie justification for suppressing the natural commodity monies and supporting a paper money standard.
This argument grew into prominence during the 1920s in Austria, Germany, the United Kingdom, and other countries. After World War II, it became something like a dogma of economic policy. But this does not alter the fact that it is sheer fallacy, and it is not even difficult to see the root of the fallacy. The argument is in fact premised on the notion that monetary policy makers can constantly outsmart the labor unions. The managers of the printing press can again and again surprise the labor-union leaders through another round of expansionist
monetary policy. Clearly, this is a silly assumption and in retrospect it is very astonishing that responsible men could ever have taken it seriously. The labor unions were not fooled. Faced with the reality of expansionist monetary policy, they eventually increased their wage demands to compensate for the declining purchasing power of money. **The result was stagflation—high unemployment plus inflation—a phenomenon that in the past thirty years has come to plague countries with strong labor unions such as France and Germany**.
***Sixth***. Another widespread fallacy is the idea that paper money could help to decrease the interest rate, thus promoting economic growth. If new paper tickets are printed and then first offered on the credit market, so the argument goes, the supply of credit is increased and as a consequence the price of credit—interest—declines. Cheap money is now available for businessmen all over the country. They will invest more than they otherwise would have invested, and therefore economic growth will be enhanced.
@_date: 2019-08-24 00:18:06
I hear you, man. Drop from 20k to 3k and have the conviction to accumulate more was the one of the hardest things I've done in life.
@_date: 2018-10-26 05:05:20
He's right, Mastercard filed a [patent to manage fractional reserves of fiat]( with crypto. 
Filling their bags before their own product implodes. Smart, but doesn't help adoption. 
@_date: 2019-08-29 18:14:47
Thank you for working on this. I'm the benchmark rube who figured out electrum + electrum personal server + local node with great difficulty. I'll play with this and see how it goes.
@_date: 2018-06-16 14:30:08
I think it'll happen naturally over the long term. As the Bitcoin economy grows (people conducting business in Bitcoin without need to covert to fiat), you're going to see less volatility.
@_date: 2018-06-16 21:15:48
I guess you didn't read the podcast or do any of the readings. Here's an actual primary source paper: [
FTA:  "For d quantum computers acting in parallel the effective hash rate increases by a factor of 2.56 × √ d.(b) Number of physical qubits nQ used by the quantum computer."
Root of the existing hashing time is the expected yield of using quantum computing for mining. If Bitcoin subsidises breakthroughs in quantum computing, I'm all on board.
Also, effect on mining hashrate is not the main problem of quantum computing on Bitcoin. Read the paper to find out.
@_date: 2019-10-19 05:40:54
It's the Netflix of finance. People in the finance world pay each other for data/charts.
@_date: 2019-08-05 05:15:22
Raoul Pal mentioned on a [Stephan Livera]( podcast that a lot of gold is being held as collateral. In the event where gold is liquidated to pay off outstanding debts, gold will undergo a lot more selling than Bitcoin will. 
Bitcoin is being held as collateral at an individual level, and not an institutional level. Key difference in the sell-action during a recession which gives advantage to Bitcoin IMO.
@_date: 2018-06-03 02:52:04
Nice write up. How's the Bitcoin community at University of Waterloo/Wilfred Laurier? Is there a lot of interest?
@_date: 2018-06-28 01:55:39
Admittedly, yes. However, after that peak (Feb 2018 ish), exchanges were able to implement better transaction batching and Segwit, wallets refined their fee estimation algorithms, exchanged beefed up their operations,  Schnorr signatures and other optimisations are on their way.
Transaction batching on exchanges is the big one.
@_date: 2019-08-10 08:42:53
What features are you waiting for on Bisq?
@_date: 2019-08-11 19:52:15
Transcribed quotes provided by me, [ProfessorMeow]( 
On today's show, we're digging into recent disturbing developments out of India with what can only be described as the most draconian cryptocurrency law we've ever seen proposed. 
“I have the quote here: whoever directly or indirectly mines, generates, holds, sells, deals and transfers, disposes of or issues cryptocurrency shall be punished with a fine or imprisonment, which shall not be less than one year, but which may extend up to 10 years or both.” - Adam B. Levine
“The maximum penalty for rape in India is 7 years. The maximum penalty for drug crimes is 7 years. The maximum penalty for holding a private digital currency is now 10 years. The monetary fine is approximately $4,000,000 USD.” - Andreas Antonopoulos
“This is worse than Venezuela. Worse than North Korea. I mean, it is astonishing. This is not a law yet. This is a proposal, but there's a very good chance it will become law.” - Andreas Antonopoulos
“It's really, really disappointing. [...], It's worse for the billion and a half people who desperately need this type of technology in their country, and the hundreds of thousands of people who worked in a thriving industry that was doing incredibly good work.” - Andreas Antonopoulos
“...how it's enforced is intimidation. Selective prosecution. It gives them a mechanism to impose extremely harsh punishments on people who are political dissidents” - Andreas Antonopoulos
“..the moment this law passes, every Indian desperately needs Bitcoin. [...] your government is signalling exactly what it's going to do next with money. If you're on a cruise ship and the captain says lock down all the bulkhead doors and burn all the lifeboats, you're like, what are you planning exactly!?” - Andreas Antonopoulos
“Do you think that this is going to cause Indians to do a monetary rebellion where they all turn into anarcho-capitalists or whatever? Not going to happen. Quite the opposite, in fact. So it's really a huge disappointment for an industry that was thriving and is now basically dead in a very important country in the world.” - Andreas Antonopoulos
“Basically, the Venezuelan crisis is self-inflicted crisis. It's something that for years the policy makers of Chavismo (the ruling party of Venezuela) heard from advisors. If you print more money, if you spend unlimited amounts of money in social services and social policies that you can't measure the effectiveness of, [...] you're not going to be able to survive. You're not going to be able to maintain the economy.” - Alejandro Machado 
“Venezuela has always been a country rife with corruption. So what happened was that most of that money was just stolen by individuals, by companies, by people with access to government.” - Alejandro Machado 
“Venezuela had an oil boom that lasted quite a bit, and especially from 2011 to 2014 or so, the state had so much surplus of money. They believed they were invincible. So they were reckless about printing money, but they were also reckless about spending the money that they had, stashing it away in tax havens and so on.” - Alejandro Machado 
“When we talk about hyperinflation, we talk about an inflation rate of over 50 percent month over month. So if you can imagine something costing you $10 today, next month it costs $15. Now in Venezuela, it's much more accelerated. Things are doubling in price every couple of weeks or so.” - Alejandro Machado 
“It seems like we're seeing the start of people being able to trade dollars for bolivars more freely. But, there is a big effect of people being afraid of what the government might do.” - Alejandro Machado 
“People still use bolivars in Venezuela, because it is the currency that is the most widespread. Ordinary people don't have access to dollar accounts. So it is very hard for them just accept dollars. There's a perception that the government will crack down on this. There is fear.” - Alejandro Machado 
“To give some scope, depending on the day, there’s four, five, six, seven, eight times more volume traded on Localbitcoins in Bolívar than on the stock market in Caracas, which is a low bar because there's not a lot of activity on the Caracas stock market.” - Alex Gladstein
“What we would like to do with the Open Money Initiative is to broaden access to the systems that exist today that are permissionless, that are available to anyone, and lower the difficulty of use.” - Alejandro Machado 
“[...] because the people that most need this, they have older phones and they don't have computers. They're not very tech savvy. So how can you make something like what WhatsApp did in the product space for money management and sending and receiving money?” - Alejandro Machado 
“Infrastructure is collapsing and we're losing a lot of connectivity and now there's blackouts. So every day it gets a little harder. But there is still enough penetration of smartphones and Internet in the country that it would really make a difference.” - Alejandro Machado 
“I think people will always remember that relentless money printing and hyperinflation and all of these crises was something that could have been avoided by taking responsibility for yourself.” - Alejandro Machado 
“What we need is for Bitcoin to be liquid in global markets so that if in one specific country there is a loss of freedom, there is a loss of ability to trade your money for another arbitrary currency, then there is always at least the option to trade your money for Bitcoin.” - Alejandro Machado 
“What we need to do is to make sure that this grows from a very new and very specialized knowledge to something that everyone can benefit from.” - Alejandro Machado
@_date: 2018-06-14 06:34:27
I recommend The Creature from Jekyll Island as a primer to dispel the notion that bankers acted in good faith. There's insurmountable evidence revealing that they knew full well the malice in their private banking scheme.
@_date: 2019-08-14 09:35:25
No danger of increased cost of living, eh?
@_date: 2019-08-24 04:27:22
There are actually a good number of different fallacies involved in this argument, and it is impossible for us to deal with all of them here.^19 [...] In short, economic growth is diminished below the level it could otherwise have reached. To sum up, it is by no means sure that politically induced increases of the money supply will lead to a decrease of the interest rate below the level it would have reached in a free economy. The success of cheap-money policy is especially unlikely when the policy is not adopted on an ad-hoc basis, but turned into a guiding principle of economic policy. But the fundamental objection to this policy is that it is counterproductive even if it succeeds in decreasing the interest rate. **The consequence would be more waste and thus less growth**.
*14 For an overview, see Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, Deflation—2002 Annual Report (May 9, 2003); R.C.K. Burdekin and P.L. Siklos, eds., Deflation: Current and Historical Perspectives (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2004). On the latter volume, see Nikolay Gertchev’s excellent review essay in Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics 9, no. 1 (2006): 89–96.*
*15 For recent Austrian analyses of deflation, see the special issue on “Deflation and Monetary Policy” in Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics 6. no. 4 (2003). See also Murray N. Rothbard, America’s Great Depression, 5th ed. (Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 2000), part 1; idem, Man, Economy, and State, 3rd ed. (Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 1993), pp. 863–65.*
*16 See George Selgin, Less Than Zero (London: Institute for Economic Affairs, 1997); Michael D. Bordo and Angela Redish, “Is Deflation Depressing? Evidence from the Classical Gold Standard,” NBER Working Paper  (Cambridge, Mass.: NBER, 2003); A. Atkeson and P.J. Kehoe, “Deflation and Depression: Is There an Empirical Link?” American Economic Review, Papers and Proceedings 94 (May 2004): 99–103.*
*17 One might argue that, even though deflation had no negative impact on production, the aforementioned redistribution is unacceptable from a moral point of view. We will discuss some aspects of this question in the second part of the present book, in the section dealing with the economics of legalized suspensions of payments.*
*18 See Joseph A. Schumpeter, Capitalism, Socialism, and Democracy (London: Allen &amp; Unwin, 1944), chap. 7.*
*19 For full detail see Mises, Human Action, esp. chap. 20; Murray N. Rothbard, Man, Economy, and State (Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 1993), chap. 11; Jesús Huerta de Soto, Money, Bank Credit, and Economic Cycles (Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 2006), chaps. 4–6.*
@_date: 2018-06-16 14:25:13
Read up on some things here: 
Topics we discussed in this episode:
- What are quantum technologies and how they differ from the existing paradigm
- The areas and industries which are to benefit most from quantum computing
- A refresher on hashing algorithms as one-way functions
- What a quantum attack on Bitcoin mining might look like
- How Elliptic Curve digital signature algorithms work and how public and private keys are generated
- The three types of attacks a quantum computer could perform digital signatures
- The expected timelines for these attacks to be viable
- The potential countermeasures which could circumvent quantum attacks on Bitcoin
- The Qubit Protocol as a DAO to fund quantum technology startups and the challenges of investing in the quantum space
The TLDR is that quantum is NOT a  threat for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-18 06:34:09
I'm suggesting that some people don't understand why Bitcoin is the way it is, because they don't have a thorough understanding of the problems which Bitcoin set out to solve.
The disagreement is about beliefs on monetary policy. Bitcoin maximalists believe that sound monetary policy is much needed and will result in a net positive on society. I am in that camp. At this point, I believe the evidence in favour of sound monetary policy via Bitcoin is overwhelming.
Others, like Vitalik, [don't believe that existing monetary policy is problematic]( So they replicate the structure of the blockchain, change the parameters of: free and open source software + cryptography + economic incentives, and then keep moving the goalpost of what their project was meant to be, because they found out that the blockchain was only applicable for a limited set of problems.
@_date: 2019-08-11 22:21:41
No, I am a listener who volunteers to highlight some parts.
@_date: 2019-08-24 04:35:16
Austrian view on inflation:
***The Economic Effects of Inflation*** - What has Government done to our Money? by Rothbard
To gauge the economic effects of inflation, let us see what happens when a group of counterfeiters set about their work. Suppose the economy has a supply of 10,000 gold ounces, and counterfeiters, so cunning that they cannot be detected, pump in 2,000 “ounces” more. What will be the consequences? First, there will be a clear gain to the counterfeiters. They take the newly created money and use it to buy goods and services. The new money works its way, step by step, throughout the economic system. **As the new money spreads, it bids prices up—as we have seen, new money can only dilute the effectiveness of each dollar.** But this dilution takes time and is therefore uneven; in the meantime, some people gain and other people lose. In short, the counterfeiters and their local retailers have found their incomes increased before any rise in the prices of the things they buy. But, on the other hand, people in remote areas of the economy, who have not yet received the new money, find their buying prices rising before their incomes. Retailers at the other end of the country, for example, will suffer losses. **The first receivers of the new money gain most, and at the expense of the latest receivers**.
**Inflation, then, confers no general social benefit; instead, it redistributes the wealth in favor of the firstcomers and at the expense of the laggards in the race.** And inflation is, in effect, a race—to see who can get the new money earliest. The latecomers—the ones stuck with the loss—are often called the “fixed income groups.” Ministers, teachers, people on salaries, lag notoriously behind other groups in acquiring the new money. Particular sufferers will be those depending on fixed money contracts—contracts made in the days before the inflationary rise in prices. Life insurance beneficiaries and annuitants, retired persons living off pensions, landlords with long term leases, bondholders and other creditors, those holding cash, all will bear the brunt of the inflation. They will be the ones who are “taxed.” 
Inflation has other disastrous effects. **It distorts that keystone of our economy: business calculation. Since prices do not all change uniformly and at the same speed, it becomes very difficult for business to separate the lasting from the transitional, and gauge truly the demands of consumers or the cost of their operations.** For example, accounting practice enters the “cost” of an asset at the amount the business has paid for it. But if inflation intervenes, the cost of replacing the asset on the books. As a result, business accounting will seriously overstate their profits during inflation—and may even consume capital while presumably increasing their investments. Similarly, stockholders and real estate holders will acquire capital gains during an inflation that are not really “gains” at all. But they may spend part of these gains without realizing that they are thereby consuming their original capital. **By creating illusory profits and distorting economic calculation, inflation will suspend the free market’s penalizing of inefficient, and rewarding of efficient, firms.** Almost all firms will seemingly prosper. The general atmosphere of a “sellers’ market” will lead to a decline in the quality of goods and of service to consumers, since consumers often resist price increases less when they occur in the form of downgrading of quality. The quality of work will decline in an inflation for a more subtle reason: people become enamored of “get-rich-quick” schemes, seemingly within their grasp in an era of ever-rising prices, and often scorn sober effort. Inflation also penalizes thrift and encourages debt, for any sum of money loaned will be repaid in dollars of lower purchasing power than when originally received. The incentive, then, is to borrow and repay later rather than save and lend. **Inflation, therefore, lowers the general standard of living in the very course of creating a tinsel atmosphere of “prosperity.”** 
**Fortunately, inflation cannot go on forever.** For eventually people wake up to this form of taxation; they wake up to the continual shrinkage in the purchasing power of their dollar. At first, when prices rise, people say: “Well, this is abnormal, the product of some emergency. I will postpone my purchases and wait until prices go back down.” This is the common attitude during the first phase of an inflation. This notion moderates the price rise itself, and conceals the inflation further, since the demand for money is thereby increased. But, as inflation proceeds, people begin to realize that prices are going up perpetually as a result of perpetual inflation. Now people will say: “I will buy now, though prices are ‘high,’ because if I wait, prices will go up still further.” As a result, the demand for money now falls and prices go up more, proportionately, than the increase in the money supply. At this point, the government is often called upon to “relieve the money shortage” caused by the accelerated price rise, and it inflates even faster. Soon, the country reaches the stage of the “crack-up boom,” when people say: “I must buy anything now— anything to get rid of money which depreciates on my hands.” The supply of money skyrockets, the demand plummets, and prices rise astronomically. Production falls sharply, as people spend more and more of their time finding ways to get rid of their money. The monetary system has, in effect, broken down completely, and the economy reverts to other moneys, if they are attainable—other metal, foreign currencies if this is a one-country inflation, or even a return to barter conditions. The monetary system has broken down under the impact of inflation. 
This condition of hyper-inflation is familiar historically in the assignats of the French Revolution, the Continentals of the American Revolution, and especially the German crisis of 1923, and the Chinese and other currencies after World War II. 
**A final indictment of inflation is that whenever the newly issued money is first used as loans to business, inflation causes the dread “business cycle.”** This silent but deadly process, undetected for generations, works as follows: new money is issued by the banking system, under the aegis of government, and loaned to business. To businessmen, the new funds seem to be genuine investments, but these funds do not, like free-market investments, arise from voluntary savings. The new money is invested by businessmen in various projects, and paid out to workers and other factors as higher wages and prices. As the new money filters down to the whole economy, the people tend to re establish their old voluntary consumption/saving proportions.
In short, if people wish to save and invest about 20 percent of their incomes and consume the rest, new bank money loaned to business at first makes the saving proportion look higher. When the new money seeps down to the public, it re-establishes its old 20–80 proportion, and many investments are now revealed to be wasteful. **Liquidation of the wasteful investments of the inflationary boom constitutes the depression phase of the business cycle.**
@_date: 2019-08-26 21:41:06
Posted this a month ago, but your title was better.
@_date: 2019-08-03 07:50:49
Wrote an article to address that. Would be open to hearing critiques. 
@_date: 2019-08-24 04:29:40
@_date: 2018-06-18 22:23:45
Wow, someone has his feathers ruffled. 


In one sentence, you talk about open-source, free market, and in the second, you talk about taking the image down because it doesn't represent what you think "the community" is supposed to stand for. Talk about hypocrisy. If you don't believe in free speech for the views you despise, then you don't believe in free speech and free markets at all. 
I'm about don't trust, verify. I believe I've done my rounds long enough in crypto to verify that what I believe has merit. If you see differently, then so be it. I don't feel compelled to tell you to do otherwise.






That's literally exactly what he said. It's a classic difference between crypto-Keynesian and crypto-Austrian, and he stands by the idea that MONETARY POLICY IS NOT PROBLEMATIC.  I was at a Waterloo 2017 hackathon event where someone else had directly asked during a Q&amp;A event about MONETARY POLICY in Ethereum. His answer was that monetary policy doesn't matter in Ethereum because that's not the use case of Ethereum, then continued to criticise Bitcoin because he doesn't believe that the world will benefit from changing existing monetary policy. In his mind, government exercises powers independent of money and financial systems. 
He still stands by that viewpoint, by the way:   
@_date: 2019-08-24 00:08:55
I'm talking about things like participate in consensus, running a node, using electrum personal server and wasabi wallet to protect your privacy. Maybe run a Lightning Node with BTCPayserver and sell online services to test it out. Then try it with other coins/projects out there.
That to me is practice, and that is how I know.
@_date: 2019-06-11 21:23:49
Bitcoin occupies the niche of ultra secure, deterministic sound money. The expression of value will likely accrue to a few coins. You can do interesting applications using other blockchains with Bitcoin as the secure value layer.
@_date: 2019-06-09 15:54:33
I have the extension and have been using it. Pretty solid satsback. They built it from scratch with privacy in mind. Forget the details, but founder was on Tales from the Crypt podcast. Pretty impressive stuff.
@_date: 2019-06-16 15:57:25
Very large market, but in my estimation, adoption is similar to North America. There is less education material, so icos, shitcoins, scams, etc are very popular.
@_date: 2019-02-14 18:58:40
Clipped from Mr. Robot Season 2 Episode 11.
Life imitates art.
@_date: 2019-02-18 01:36:54
I would like to respond to that after I'm finished annotating Ethics of Money Production.
@_date: 2019-02-11 09:06:38
Yup. Seeing the discrepancy between what was recommended and what is being practised undermines my confidence in the dollar.
Watching Ben Burnanke flip flop between prescribing higher/lower interest rates does the same.
@_date: 2019-06-13 21:00:58
[1:03:41]( - "First, we have to do money right. We can't build any of the other things until we get money right. The reason why we have to get money right is because it lays down the foundation."
[1:07:12]( - "If we build those other applications without the foundation of sound and secure money, those applications will be centralised, censorable, country-specific, won't be interoperable and won't be on open API's. We need to lay that foundation."
[1:07:29]( - "This is a message that is easy to explain to people who are interested in Bitcoin. So let's switch to Ethereum. Because when you tell people in the Ethereum space, "Guess what, you need Bitcoin," they don't believe you. They're like, "we can do everything that Bitcoin does, except security, just as well with smart contracts." There are fundamental tradeoffs; the flexibility you need in order to build smart contracts does not go well with building very robust, secure, nation-state-resistant sound money."
[1:08.08]( - "On the other hand, when you talk to Bitcoin people, "we can do smart contracts too!" No, don't. Even if you could, you don't want to. The compromises you'll need to make, the flexibility you need to introduce, will undermine all of the things that make Bitcoin secure, sound, robust money." Let us do our thing, let them do their thing, and let's play together."
[1:09:27]( - "What's the killer app of Ethereum? The DAO. I'm not kidding. Governance. Decentralized Autonomous Organization. Reinventing the modern corporation. Building systems of governance. Everything interesting on Ethereum is a programmable system of governance that is decentralized. Stablecoins on Ethereum - they're based on a foundation of governance models which uses smart contracts. Ethereum is a platform for governance."
[1:10:43]( - "What is the purpose of a programmable, flexible, smart contracts platform where you can do public verifiability of the execution state of smart contracts? The use of that is governance. And if you combine governance with sound money, something magical happens. You could do some really incredible things, but, you can't do any of those until we first lay a path for sound money.
@_date: 2019-06-14 05:29:09
Why do you think that? Can every blockchain have properties of good money?
@_date: 2019-02-18 18:24:52
Common sense isn't so common nowadays =\
@_date: 2019-02-06 19:00:10
FWIW, when I'm investing through traditional banking institutions, I don't own the stock either. I'm holding the receipt to the stock issued by a clearinghouse. 
There is counterparty risk with multiple levels of custodians. 
[See Dole case of hypothecated stocks for example]( 
@_date: 2019-06-14 20:14:41
Damn.. Didn't expect them to take it down
@_date: 2019-06-16 02:20:11
An interactive tipping service for live steamers. Makes use of Lightning network.
Ie. Streamer presents multiple options, viewers makes decision via donation. Could be which option gets most donations after certain time or when threshold is reached.
Or a service that allows viewer to privately chat 1v1 with streamer for a donation amount. 200 sats for 1 minute and then back to public streaming or w/e.
Many applications for gaming, private advice, adult industry, etc.
@_date: 2019-02-21 09:58:59
Naw, that's just someone annotating LTB podcasts in his/her spare time. 
@_date: 2019-02-18 04:13:31
It is true that unexpectedly strong deflation can incite people to postpone purchase decisions. However, this does not by any sort of necessity slow down aggregate production. Notice that, in the presence of deflationary tendencies, purchase decisions in general, and consumption in particular, does not come to a halt. For one thing, human beings act under the “constraint of the stomach.” Even the most neurotic misers, who cherish saving a penny above anything else, must make a minimum of purchases just to survive the next day. And all others—that is, the great majority of the population— will by and large buy just as many consumers’ goods as they would have bought in a nondeflationary environment. Even though they expect prices to decline ever further, they will buy goods and services at some point because they prefer enjoying these goods and services sooner rather than later (economists call this “time preference”). In actual fact, then, consumption will slow down only marginally in a deflationary environment. **And this marginal reduction of consumer spending, far from impairing aggregate production, will rather tend to increase it**. The simple fact is that all resources that are not used for consumption are saved; that is, they are available for investment and thus help to extend production in those areas that previously were not profitable enough to warrant investment.
@_date: 2019-02-18 04:43:37
While Bitcoin indeed rewards the firstcomers (could make the argument that the compensation is fair for the risk they took on and the work they put in), I don't see how that is at the ***expense*** of the laggards. 
@_date: 2019-06-14 07:00:05
What's CGT? Capital gains tax?
@_date: 2019-02-18 01:42:46
These aren't economic "tips." Bitcoin is antithetical to our incumbent economic system, and I'd like to explore why it is the way it is. 
I did not know of Austrian economics before Bitcoin - I just find it interesting.
@_date: 2019-02-25 21:58:43
Thanks! Appreciate it
@_date: 2019-02-17 22:50:56
[I'm doing my part!](
@_date: 2019-02-25 21:59:17
Thanks for reading =)
@_date: 2019-02-18 01:35:02
I agree that inflation is not necessarily a bad thing. If new credit was created to fund productive projects and worthwhile ventures, you could get near-stable prices in an economy. Empirical studies from Richard Werner backs up the aforementioned statement. But who gets to decide what projects are worthwhile? Value is subjective - I doubt that any central authority can ever effectively manage where newly created credit is directed. 
In North America, I'm seeing that the banks are deciding the direction of new credit. An overwhelming majority of that credit is being used to speculate on transferring ownership of existing assets rather than for new productivity, necessarily driving prices of assets up and up. The people that position themselves closest to the source of credit creation will benefit the most first (happens to be the FIRE sectors), and the people furthest away suffer. 
What I've surmised is that the form inflation takes on today actually stifles tax revenue/jobs/growth. The form it takes today is a net societal negative. 
What contributed most to the destruction of middle class? What is the underlying mechanism of society's growing wealth disparity? If that's a problem, how would you propose to mitigate those issues?
@_date: 2019-02-18 01:55:21
I agree that it's a super complex, multi-faceted issue. You brought up the idea that even moral issues about wealth disparity are subjective - which I completely agree. That issue is explored to full depth within the realm of praxeology, which the Austrians write about more than Keynesians. 
Inflation in literature is quite different from what's seen in practice. Again, I don't see inflation as necessarily a bad thing, but rather one of many tools by which despotic governments abuse to exert/sustain control. 
@_date: 2019-06-16 07:13:32
Adding onto this. Places like Canada, New Zealand, Australia are popular destinations for Chinese offshore investments because China doesn't respect private property laws. You don't actually own assets in China. The Commonwealth nations have lax immigration programs that foreigners abuse to park their wealth.
If the Chinese choose Bitcoin to park their wealth instead of real estate, we'll have a healthier RE market. Their bitcoins are unconfiscatable.
@_date: 2019-02-18 01:28:58
I'm annotating Ethics of Money Production and would like to respond to the fallacy that hoarding reduces aggregate production, once I'm finished.
EDIT: Here's a relevant response from Ethics of Money Production by Jorg Guido Hulsmann.
***First***, in historical fact, deflation has had no clear negative impact on aggregate production. Long-term decreases of the price level did not systematically correlate with lower growth rates than those that prevailed in comparable periods and/or countries with increasing price levels. Even if we focus on deflationary shocks emanating from the financial system, **empirical evidence does not seem to warrant the general claim that deflation impairs long-run growth**.^16 
***Second***, it is true that unexpectedly strong deflation can incite people to postpone purchase decisions. However, this does not by any sort of necessity slow down aggregate production. Notice that, in the presence of deflationary tendencies, purchase decisions in general, and consumption in particular, does not come to a halt. For one thing, human beings act under the “constraint of the stomach.” Even the most neurotic misers, who cherish saving a penny above anything else, must make a minimum of purchases just to survive the next day. And all others—that is, the great majority of the population— will by and large buy just as many consumers’ goods as they would have bought in a nondeflationary environment. Even though they expect prices to decline ever further, they will buy goods and services at some point because they prefer enjoying these goods and services sooner rather than later (economists call this “time preference”). In actual fact, then, consumption will slow down only marginally in a deflationary environment. **And this marginal reduction of consumer spending, far from impairing aggregate production, will rather tend to increase it**. The simple fact is that all resources that are not used for consumption are saved; that is, they are available for investment and thus help to extend production in those areas that previously were not profitable enough to warrant investment.
***Third***, it is correct that deflation—especially unanticipated deflation—makes it more difficult to service debts contracted at a higher price level in the past. In the case of a massive deflation shock, widespread bankruptcy might result. Such consequences are certainly deplorable from the standpoint of the individual entrepreneurs and capitalists who own the firms, factories, and other productive assets when the deflationary shock hits. However, from the aggregate (social) point of view, it does not matter who controls the existing resources. What matters from this overall point of view is that resources remain intact and be used. Now the important point is that deflation does not destroy these resources physically. It merely diminishes their monetary value, which is why their present owners go bankrupt. **Thus deflation by and large boils down to a redistribution of productive assets from old owners to new owners.** The net impact on production is likely to be zero.
***Fourth***, it is true that deflation more or less directly threatens the banking industry, because deflation makes it more difficult for bank customers to repay their debts and because widespread business failures are likely to have a direct negative impact on the liquidity of banks. However, for the same reasons that we just discussed, while this might be devastating for some banks, it is not so for society as a whole. **The crucial point is that bank credit does not create resources; it channels existing resources into other businesses than those which would have used them if these credits had not existed**. It follows that a curtailment of bank credit does not destroy any resources; it simply entails a different employment of human beings and of the available land, factories, streets, and so on. In the light of the preceding considerations it appears that the problems entailed by deflation are much less formidable than they are in the opinion of present-day monetary authorities. Deflation certainly has much disruptive potential. However, as will become even more obvious in the following chapters, it mainly threatens institutions that are responsible for inflationary increases of the money supply. It reduces the wealth of fractional-reserve banks, and their customers— debt-ridden governments, entrepreneurs, and consumers. But as we have argued, such destruction liberates the underlying physical resources for new employment. The destruction entailed by deflation is therefore often “creative destruction” in the Schumpeterian sense^18.
*15 For recent Austrian analyses of deflation, see the special issue on “Deflation and Monetary Policy” in Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics 6. no. 4 (2003). See also Murray N. Rothbard, America’s Great Depression, 5th ed. (Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 2000), part 1; idem, Man, Economy, and State, 3rd ed. (Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 1993), pp. 863–65.*
*16 See George Selgin, Less Than Zero (London: Institute for Economic Affairs, 1997); Michael D. Bordo and Angela Redish, “Is Deflation Depressing? Evidence from the Classical Gold Standard,” NBER Working Paper  (Cambridge, Mass.: NBER, 2003); A. Atkeson and P.J. Kehoe, “Deflation and Depression: Is There an Empirical Link?” American Economic Review, Papers and Proceedings 94 (May 2004): 99–103.*
*17 One might argue that, even though deflation had no negative impact on production, the aforementioned redistribution is unacceptable from a moral point of view. We will discuss some aspects of this question in the second part of the present book, in the section dealing with the economics of legalized suspensions of payments.*
*18 See Joseph A. Schumpeter, Capitalism, Socialism, and Democracy (London: Allen &amp; Unwin, 1944), chap. 7.*
@_date: 2019-02-17 20:03:51
Some follow up questions for you, if you don't mind.
I agree that inflation is not necessarily a bad thing. If new credit was created to fund productive projects and worthwhile ventures, you could get near-stable prices in an economy. But who gets to decide what projects are worthwhile? Value is subjective - I doubt that any country can ever achieve meaningful consensus on where newly created credit is directed. 
In North America, I'm seeing that the banks are deciding the direction of new credit. An overwhelming majority of that credit is being used to speculate on transferring existing assets rather than for new productivity, necessarily driving prices of assets up and up. The people that position themselves closest to the source of credit creation will benefit the most first (happens to be the FIRE sectors), and the people furthest away suffer. 
What I've surmised is that the way inflation works today actually stifles tax revenue/jobs/growth. The form it takes today is a net negative. 
What contributed most to the destruction of middle class? What is the underlying mechanism of society's growing wealth disparity? If that's a problem, how would you propose to fix those issues?
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:27:12
Mutual cooperation is deeply rooted in human behaviour, mathematically modelled in evolutionary biology. Life is a reiterated prisoner's dilemma, and the winning strategy is "cooperate, retaliate when wronged." There is a dynamic equilibrium of people that exploit and people that get exploited, but overall, I would trust that people would overcome hardships as a society because it's a biological principle.
@_date: 2019-02-14 19:06:59
Mr. Robot predicted JPM Coin: 
Clipped from Mr. Robot Season 2 Episode 11.
Life imitates art.
@_date: 2019-12-02 00:50:20
***DEFLATION - The Ethics of Money Production by Jorg Guido Hulsmann***
Still another variant of the same basic fallacy that we just discussed is the alleged need to fight deflation. The word “deflation” can be defined in various ways. According to the most widely accepted definition today, deflation is a sustained decrease of the price level. Older authors have often used the expression “deflation” to denote a decreasing money supply, and some contemporary authors use it to characterize a decrease of the inflation rate. All of these definitions are acceptable, depending on the purpose of the analysis. **None of them, however, lends itself to justifying an artificial increase of the money supply**. The harmful character of deflation is today one of the sacred dogmas of monetary policy. **The champions of the fight against deflation usually present six arguments to make their case**^14
1. One, in their eyes it is a matter of historical experience that deflation has negative repercussions on aggregate production and, therefore, on the standard of living. To explain this presumed historical record, they hold, 
1. Two, that deflation incites the market participants to postpone buying because they speculate on ever lower prices. Furthermore, they consider, 
1. Three, that a declining price level makes it more difficult to service debts contracted at a higher price level in the past. These difficulties threaten to entail, 
1. Four, a crisis within the banking industry and thus a dramatic curtailment of credit. 
1. Five, they claim that deflation in conjunction with “sticky prices” results in unemployment. And finally, 
1. Six, they consider that deflation might reduce nominal interest rates to such an extent that a monetary policy of “cheap money,” to stimulate employment and production, would no longer be possible, because the interest rate cannot be decreased below zero.
**However, theoretical and empirical evidence substantiating these claims is either weak or lacking altogether.**^15 
***First***, in historical fact, deflation has had no clear negative impact on aggregate production. Long-term decreases of the price level did not systematically correlate with lower growth rates than those that prevailed in comparable periods and/or countries with increasing price levels. Even if we focus on deflationary shocks emanating from the financial system, **empirical evidence does not seem to warrant the general claim that deflation impairs long-run growth**.^16 
***Second***, it is true that unexpectedly strong deflation can incite people to postpone purchase decisions. However, this does not by any sort of necessity slow down aggregate production. Notice that, in the presence of deflationary tendencies, purchase decisions in general, and consumption in particular, does not come to a halt. For one thing, human beings act under the “constraint of the stomach.” Even the most neurotic misers, who cherish saving a penny above anything else, must make a minimum of purchases just to survive the next day. And all others—that is, the great majority of the population— will by and large buy just as many consumers’ goods as they would have bought in a nondeflationary environment. Even though they expect prices to decline ever further, they will buy goods and services at some point because they prefer enjoying these goods and services sooner rather than later (economists call this “time preference”). In actual fact, then, consumption will slow down only marginally in a deflationary environment. **And this marginal reduction of consumer spending, far from impairing aggregate production, will rather tend to increase it**. The simple fact is that all resources that are not used for consumption are saved; that is, they are available for investment and thus help to extend production in those areas that previously were not profitable enough to warrant investment.
***Third***, it is correct that deflation—especially unanticipated deflation—makes it more difficult to service debts contracted at a higher price level in the past. In the case of a massive deflation shock, widespread bankruptcy might result. Such consequences are certainly deplorable from the standpoint of the individual entrepreneurs and capitalists who own the firms, factories, and other productive assets when the deflationary shock hits. However, from the aggregate (social) point of view, it does not matter who controls the existing resources. What matters from this overall point of view is that resources remain intact and be used. Now the important point is that deflation does not destroy these resources physically. It merely diminishes their monetary value, which is why their present owners go bankrupt. **Thus deflation by and large boils down to a redistribution of productive assets from old owners to new owners.** The net impact on production is likely to be zero.
***Fourth***, it is true that deflation more or less directly threatens the banking industry, because deflation makes it more difficult for bank customers to repay their debts and because widespread business failures are likely to have a direct negative impact on the liquidity of banks. However, for the same reasons that we just discussed, while this might be devastating for some banks, it is not so for society as a whole. **The crucial point is that bank credit does not create resources; it channels existing resources into other businesses than those which would have used them if these credits had not existed**. It follows that a curtailment of bank credit does not destroy any resources; it simply entails a different employment of human beings and of the available land, factories, streets, and so on. In the light of the preceding considerations it appears that the problems entailed by deflation are much less formidable than they are in the opinion of present-day monetary authorities. Deflation certainly has much disruptive potential. However, as will become even more obvious in the following chapters, it mainly threatens institutions that are responsible for inflationary increases of the money supply. It reduces the wealth of fractional-reserve banks, and their customers— debt-ridden governments, entrepreneurs, and consumers. But as we have argued, such destruction liberates the underlying physical resources for new employment. The destruction entailed by deflation is therefore often “creative destruction” in the Schumpeterian sense^18.
@_date: 2019-12-02 04:47:52
Done. I read your post, you come from a narrow modern Keynesian interpretation of monetary economics. Perhaps try to take a look at other perspectives before insisting your view is the only correct one?
@_date: 2019-12-09 03:08:08
On an open, permissionless network like Lightning, if hubs act against users' interests, network participants are free to choose different routes.
@_date: 2019-12-02 04:33:44
***Fifth***. In the past eighty years, the sticky-prices argument has played an important role in monetary debates. According to this argument, the manipulation of the money supply might be a suitable instrument to re-establish a lost equilibrium on certain markets, most notably on the labor market. Suppose that powerful labor unions push up nominal wage rates in all industries to such an extent that entrepreneurs can no longer profitably employ a great part of the workforce at these wages. The result is mass unemployment. But if it were possible to substantially increase the money supply, then the selling prices of the entrepreneurs might rise enough to allow for the reintegration of the unemployed workers into the division of labor. Now, the argument goes, under a gold or silver standard, this kind of policy is impossible for purely technical reasons because the money supply is inflexible. Only a paper money provides the technical wherewithal to implement pro-employment policies. Thus we have here a prima facie justification for suppressing the natural commodity monies and supporting a paper money standard.
This argument grew into prominence during the 1920s in Austria, Germany, the United Kingdom, and other countries. After World War II, it became something like a dogma of economic policy. But this does not alter the fact that it is sheer fallacy, and it is not even difficult to see the root of the fallacy. The argument is in fact premised on the notion that monetary policy makers can constantly outsmart the labor unions. The managers of the printing press can again and again surprise the labor-union leaders through another round of expansionist
monetary policy. Clearly, this is a silly assumption and in retrospect it is very astonishing that responsible men could ever have taken it seriously. The labor unions were not fooled. Faced with the reality of expansionist monetary policy, they eventually increased their wage demands to compensate for the declining purchasing power of money. **The result was stagflation—high unemployment plus inflation—a phenomenon that in the past thirty years has come to plague countries with strong labor unions such as France and Germany**.
***Sixth***. Another widespread fallacy is the idea that paper money could help to decrease the interest rate, thus promoting economic growth. If new paper tickets are printed and then first offered on the credit market, so the argument goes, the supply of credit is increased and as a consequence the price of credit—interest—declines. Cheap money is now available for businessmen all over the country. They will invest more than they otherwise would have invested, and therefore economic growth will be enhanced.
There are actually a good number of different fallacies involved in this argument, and it is impossible for us to deal with all of them here.^19 [...] In short, economic growth is diminished below the level it could otherwise have reached. To sum up, it is by no means sure that politically induced increases of the money supply will lead to a decrease of the interest rate below the level it would have reached in a free economy. The success of cheap-money policy is especially unlikely when the policy is not adopted on an ad-hoc basis, but turned into a guiding principle of economic policy. But the fundamental objection to this policy is that it is counterproductive even if it succeeds in decreasing the interest rate. **The consequence would be more waste and thus less growth**.
*14 For an overview, see Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, Deflation—2002 Annual Report (May 9, 2003); R.C.K. Burdekin and P.L. Siklos, eds., Deflation: Current and Historical Perspectives (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2004). On the latter volume, see Nikolay Gertchev’s excellent review essay in Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics 9, no. 1 (2006): 89–96.*
*15 For recent Austrian analyses of deflation, see the special issue on “Deflation and Monetary Policy” in Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics 6. no. 4 (2003). See also Murray N. Rothbard, America’s Great Depression, 5th ed. (Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 2000), part 1; idem, Man, Economy, and State, 3rd ed. (Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 1993), pp. 863–65.*
*16 See George Selgin, Less Than Zero (London: Institute for Economic Affairs, 1997); Michael D. Bordo and Angela Redish, “Is Deflation Depressing? Evidence from the Classical Gold Standard,” NBER Working Paper  (Cambridge, Mass.: NBER, 2003); A. Atkeson and P.J. Kehoe, “Deflation and Depression: Is There an Empirical Link?” American Economic Review, Papers and Proceedings 94 (May 2004): 99–103.*
*17 One might argue that, even though deflation had no negative impact on production, the aforementioned redistribution is unacceptable from a moral point of view. We will discuss some aspects of this question in the second part of the present book, in the section dealing with the economics of legalized suspensions of payments.*
*18 See Joseph A. Schumpeter, Capitalism, Socialism, and Democracy (London: Allen &amp; Unwin, 1944), chap. 7.*
*19 For full detail see Mises, Human Action, esp. chap. 20; Murray N. Rothbard, Man, Economy, and State (Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 1993), chap. 11; Jesús Huerta de Soto, Money, Bank Credit, and Economic Cycles (Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 2006), chaps. 4–6.*
@_date: 2019-12-03 06:52:14
Edwin Vieira, Jr. holds 4 degrees from Harvard and is a member of the Bar of the Supreme Court of the United States. He authored [Pieces of Eight: The Monetary Powers and Disabilities of the United States Constitution]( 
Congress has no basis in either the Constitution or in any decision of the United States Supreme Court,  to issue irredeemable, legal-tender paper currency, or to delegate such a power to the Federal Reserve System. This is why we Bitcoin.
Other truth nuggets: 






We have to win the fight that advocates of gold/silver started. Bitcoin is the perfect tool to tip the scales in the people's favor. Keep spreading the message.
@_date: 2019-02-18 05:33:17
Cool =). Heard of his works through Bitcoin podcasts. The guy makes a lot of sense.
@_date: 2019-12-02 04:33:26
***DEFLATION - The Ethics of Money Production by Jorg Guido Hulsmann***
Still another variant of the same basic fallacy that we just discussed is the alleged need to fight deflation. The word “deflation” can be defined in various ways. According to the most widely accepted definition today, deflation is a sustained decrease of the price level. Older authors have often used the expression “deflation” to denote a decreasing money supply, and some contemporary authors use it to characterize a decrease of the inflation rate. All of these definitions are acceptable, depending on the purpose of the analysis. **None of them, however, lends itself to justifying an artificial increase of the money supply**. The harmful character of deflation is today one of the sacred dogmas of monetary policy. **The champions of the fight against deflation usually present six arguments to make their case**^14
1. One, in their eyes it is a matter of historical experience that deflation has negative repercussions on aggregate production and, therefore, on the standard of living. To explain this presumed historical record, they hold, 
1. Two, that deflation incites the market participants to postpone buying because they speculate on ever lower prices. Furthermore, they consider, 
1. Three, that a declining price level makes it more difficult to service debts contracted at a higher price level in the past. These difficulties threaten to entail, 
1. Four, a crisis within the banking industry and thus a dramatic curtailment of credit. 
1. Five, they claim that deflation in conjunction with “sticky prices” results in unemployment. And finally, 
1. Six, they consider that deflation might reduce nominal interest rates to such an extent that a monetary policy of “cheap money,” to stimulate employment and production, would no longer be possible, because the interest rate cannot be decreased below zero.
**However, theoretical and empirical evidence substantiating these claims is either weak or lacking altogether.**^15 
***First***, in historical fact, deflation has had no clear negative impact on aggregate production. Long-term decreases of the price level did not systematically correlate with lower growth rates than those that prevailed in comparable periods and/or countries with increasing price levels. Even if we focus on deflationary shocks emanating from the financial system, **empirical evidence does not seem to warrant the general claim that deflation impairs long-run growth**.^16 
***Second***, it is true that unexpectedly strong deflation can incite people to postpone purchase decisions. However, this does not by any sort of necessity slow down aggregate production. Notice that, in the presence of deflationary tendencies, purchase decisions in general, and consumption in particular, does not come to a halt. For one thing, human beings act under the “constraint of the stomach.” Even the most neurotic misers, who cherish saving a penny above anything else, must make a minimum of purchases just to survive the next day. And all others—that is, the great majority of the population— will by and large buy just as many consumers’ goods as they would have bought in a nondeflationary environment. Even though they expect prices to decline ever further, they will buy goods and services at some point because they prefer enjoying these goods and services sooner rather than later (economists call this “time preference”). In actual fact, then, consumption will slow down only marginally in a deflationary environment. **And this marginal reduction of consumer spending, far from impairing aggregate production, will rather tend to increase it**. The simple fact is that all resources that are not used for consumption are saved; that is, they are available for investment and thus help to extend production in those areas that previously were not profitable enough to warrant investment.
***Third***, it is correct that deflation—especially unanticipated deflation—makes it more difficult to service debts contracted at a higher price level in the past. In the case of a massive deflation shock, widespread bankruptcy might result. Such consequences are certainly deplorable from the standpoint of the individual entrepreneurs and capitalists who own the firms, factories, and other productive assets when the deflationary shock hits. However, from the aggregate (social) point of view, it does not matter who controls the existing resources. What matters from this overall point of view is that resources remain intact and be used. Now the important point is that deflation does not destroy these resources physically. It merely diminishes their monetary value, which is why their present owners go bankrupt. **Thus deflation by and large boils down to a redistribution of productive assets from old owners to new owners.** The net impact on production is likely to be zero.
***Fourth***, it is true that deflation more or less directly threatens the banking industry, because deflation makes it more difficult for bank customers to repay their debts and because widespread business failures are likely to have a direct negative impact on the liquidity of banks. However, for the same reasons that we just discussed, while this might be devastating for some banks, it is not so for society as a whole. **The crucial point is that bank credit does not create resources; it channels existing resources into other businesses than those which would have used them if these credits had not existed**. It follows that a curtailment of bank credit does not destroy any resources; it simply entails a different employment of human beings and of the available land, factories, streets, and so on. In the light of the preceding considerations it appears that the problems entailed by deflation are much less formidable than they are in the opinion of present-day monetary authorities. Deflation certainly has much disruptive potential. However, as will become even more obvious in the following chapters, it mainly threatens institutions that are responsible for inflationary increases of the money supply. It reduces the wealth of fractional-reserve banks, and their customers— debt-ridden governments, entrepreneurs, and consumers. But as we have argued, such destruction liberates the underlying physical resources for new employment. The destruction entailed by deflation is therefore often “creative destruction” in the Schumpeterian sense^18.
@_date: 2019-12-02 00:50:27
***Fifth***. In the past eighty years, the sticky-prices argument has played an important role in monetary debates. According to this argument, the manipulation of the money supply might be a suitable instrument to re-establish a lost equilibrium on certain markets, most notably on the labor market. Suppose that powerful labor unions push up nominal wage rates in all industries to such an extent that entrepreneurs can no longer profitably employ a great part of the workforce at these wages. The result is mass unemployment. But if it were possible to substantially increase the money supply, then the selling prices of the entrepreneurs might rise enough to allow for the reintegration of the unemployed workers into the division of labor. Now, the argument goes, under a gold or silver standard, this kind of policy is impossible for purely technical reasons because the money supply is inflexible. Only a paper money provides the technical wherewithal to implement pro-employment policies. Thus we have here a prima facie justification for suppressing the natural commodity monies and supporting a paper money standard.
This argument grew into prominence during the 1920s in Austria, Germany, the United Kingdom, and other countries. After World War II, it became something like a dogma of economic policy. But this does not alter the fact that it is sheer fallacy, and it is not even difficult to see the root of the fallacy. The argument is in fact premised on the notion that monetary policy makers can constantly outsmart the labor unions. The managers of the printing press can again and again surprise the labor-union leaders through another round of expansionist
monetary policy. Clearly, this is a silly assumption and in retrospect it is very astonishing that responsible men could ever have taken it seriously. The labor unions were not fooled. Faced with the reality of expansionist monetary policy, they eventually increased their wage demands to compensate for the declining purchasing power of money. **The result was stagflation—high unemployment plus inflation—a phenomenon that in the past thirty years has come to plague countries with strong labor unions such as France and Germany**.
***Sixth***. Another widespread fallacy is the idea that paper money could help to decrease the interest rate, thus promoting economic growth. If new paper tickets are printed and then first offered on the credit market, so the argument goes, the supply of credit is increased and as a consequence the price of credit—interest—declines. Cheap money is now available for businessmen all over the country. They will invest more than they otherwise would have invested, and therefore economic growth will be enhanced.
There are actually a good number of different fallacies involved in this argument, and it is impossible for us to deal with all of them here.^19 [...] In short, economic growth is diminished below the level it could otherwise have reached. To sum up, it is by no means sure that politically induced increases of the money supply will lead to a decrease of the interest rate below the level it would have reached in a free economy. The success of cheap-money policy is especially unlikely when the policy is not adopted on an ad-hoc basis, but turned into a guiding principle of economic policy. But the fundamental objection to this policy is that it is counterproductive even if it succeeds in decreasing the interest rate. **The consequence would be more waste and thus less growth**.
*14 For an overview, see Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, Deflation—2002 Annual Report (May 9, 2003); R.C.K. Burdekin and P.L. Siklos, eds., Deflation: Current and Historical Perspectives (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2004). On the latter volume, see Nikolay Gertchev’s excellent review essay in Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics 9, no. 1 (2006): 89–96.*
*15 For recent Austrian analyses of deflation, see the special issue on “Deflation and Monetary Policy” in Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics 6. no. 4 (2003). See also Murray N. Rothbard, America’s Great Depression, 5th ed. (Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 2000), part 1; idem, Man, Economy, and State, 3rd ed. (Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 1993), pp. 863–65.*
*16 See George Selgin, Less Than Zero (London: Institute for Economic Affairs, 1997); Michael D. Bordo and Angela Redish, “Is Deflation Depressing? Evidence from the Classical Gold Standard,” NBER Working Paper  (Cambridge, Mass.: NBER, 2003); A. Atkeson and P.J. Kehoe, “Deflation and Depression: Is There an Empirical Link?” American Economic Review, Papers and Proceedings 94 (May 2004): 99–103.*
*17 One might argue that, even though deflation had no negative impact on production, the aforementioned redistribution is unacceptable from a moral point of view. We will discuss some aspects of this question in the second part of the present book, in the section dealing with the economics of legalized suspensions of payments.*
*18 See Joseph A. Schumpeter, Capitalism, Socialism, and Democracy (London: Allen &amp; Unwin, 1944), chap. 7.*
*19 For full detail see Mises, Human Action, esp. chap. 20; Murray N. Rothbard, Man, Economy, and State (Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 1993), chap. 11; Jesús Huerta de Soto, Money, Bank Credit, and Economic Cycles (Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 2006), chaps. 4–6.*
@_date: 2019-04-20 01:12:58
Nice try, bcasher: 
@_date: 2019-04-24 06:11:18
@_date: 2019-04-01 01:36:05
[Jorg Guido Hulsmann on deflation]( Curious to know your thoughts.
@_date: 2019-04-04 17:59:23
[I tried]( Got downvoted by the Nano brigade. CC is a trader's/speculator's subreddit, no care about fundamentals.
@_date: 2019-04-21 00:04:33
Unpopular opinion: regulatory **clarity** in crypto is a good thing.
@_date: 2019-04-01 01:35:23
You as well. The branch of mainstream economics being taught in school nowadays is neoclassical Keynesianism. There are others.
[Rothbard on inflation](
[Jorg Guido Hulsmann on deflation](
@_date: 2019-04-01 05:36:30


Maybe not? 19th century sewage and potable water systems were built under a gold standard, which arguably resulted in the greatest improvement in quality of life in the past 2 centuries. 2.3 billion people* don't have access to it, in part because of weaponized currency, in the form of debt denominated in USD. 


Agreed. Empirically, we know that credit creation for productive things results in stable prices and growth. Problem is, who gets to decide the first receiver of newly printed money? Nowadays, the FIRE sectors are allocated a disproportionate amount.


Excerpt from Alan Greenspan, former Chair of the Federal Reserve, [published in Ayn Rand's "Objectivist" newsletter in 1966, and reprinted in her book, Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal, in 1967.](
*Deficit spending is simply a scheme for the confiscation of wealth. Gold stands in the way of this insidious process. It stands as a protector of property rights. If one grasps this, one has no difficulty in understanding the statists' antagonism toward the gold standard.*
If you've been keeping tabs on what has happened and what is going on, you'll know that money was co-opted by special interest.
@_date: 2019-04-23 05:58:02
Great episode with an all-star cast. Looking forward to episode 2.
@_date: 2019-04-01 01:44:36
I think this comes from a fundamental misunderstanding from what deflation is. What deflated in the 1930's?
@_date: 2019-12-03 09:52:46
Segwit was foremost a transaction malleability fix, which made way for secure second layers.
@_date: 2019-04-20 16:39:54
Yes, proof of work itself isn't new. I believe the context was proof of work consensus mechanisms, which are new.
@_date: 2019-04-21 07:49:16
I was going through a podcast and came across Hulsmann's response on the topic. 
Livera summarises something at 19:58, then Hulsmann proceeds to expand on it. More applicable to your comment at 21:10 and onwards.
@_date: 2019-04-06 00:38:26
I'm using it on mainnet with Pierre Rochard's node launcher.
@_date: 2019-04-01 02:29:18
The Great Depression was the direct outcome of inflationary monetary policies of the Federal Reserve during the 1920s. Inflation led to an unsustainable boom in both asset prices (stocks and bonds) and capital goods. The direct response to unsustainable growth was to tighten monetary policy in 1928, the direct result being economic contraction.
Government intervention after the crash of 1929 misguided the market's adjustment and made the road to complete recovery more difficult. We've had boom and bust business cycles since.
@_date: 2019-04-20 07:36:18
Some annotated excerpts from the interview.
**How do you find out if a blockchain is really a worthwhile project?** 
AA: I have a series of five questions you can ask: is it open, borderless, neutral, censorship-resistant, and decentralized? If you say no to one of those then it's really just a centralized database.
It's decentralization that allows you to have a network of trust, otherwise you're trusting in a third party. It's proof of work that allows you to have immutability.
**On exchanges**
AA: 15 minutes - that's the maximum exposure I have to exchanges. When I leave, my balance on the exchange is 0. During those 15 minutes, I'm going, “please don't get hacked now, please wait another 15 minutes, get hacked later please, don't go bankrupt now, don't have your bank account shut down," because ALL of those risks all exist.
**Do you see proof of stake as the leading consensus mechanism of the future?**
AA: No, I don't. First of all, important historical fact: proof of stake was invented before proof of work. In fact, proof of work was invented by Satoshi Nakamoto in order to fix the problems of proof of stake. 
Now, proof of stake has evolved tremendously since then because consensus algorithms have received a lot of attention and investment, but proof of stake is qualitatively different than proof of work. That means there is a place for one and there is a place for the other. Proof of stake has certain efficiencies, especially in energy and scalability that proof of work doesn't have, but proof of work delivers a degree of immutability that cannot be achieved without it. Both will coexist. In fact, I think the strongest combination is to have one robust immutable proof of work system, and then have many proof of stake systems around it that use checkpointing to leverage the immutability of the proof of work system without having to do the energy intensive mining. They coexist - one supports the other. And that's great, we can experiment with all of them. And who knows maybe we'll invent more consensus algorithms.
@_date: 2018-11-08 20:30:05
Reddit has a general aversion against the Chinese.
This sub does not have a good grasp on crypto happenings in the East. They would certainly benefit by knowing.
E.g. HK banker Ng Ming Tak 吳明德 is the East equivalent of Caitlin Long. Drops knowledge on how banking actually works better than Caitlin IMO.
You guys equate Bitmain to China, but know little about the activities of opposing/alternate groups. There is more grassroots activity in the East than this sub would suggest.
@_date: 2018-11-09 05:05:43
Because it's true. I tried to openly discuss mining operations in Shenzhen. Most responses were GTFO, stop ruining bitcoin, etc.
Most people here like to stay ignorant about the crypto scene in China. Some of the influential devs have this attitude: China isn't going to contribute to the bitcoin revolution in the way "we" want.
@_date: 2018-03-21 05:28:59


I don't think you've done any research on this topic; what you've mentioned is demonstrably wrong by definition. You're talking about a specific subset of right-libertarianism, which does not represent the core of libertarian values.
What is true liberty to you? 
@_date: 2018-03-26 07:16:18
Check out [Let's Talk Bitcoin]( [Epicentre.tv]( [Tales From The Crypt]( Excellent resources.
@_date: 2018-03-23 03:24:47
The range of human ability is within believable. Mozart wrote The Symphony No. 1 in E♭ major at 8 years old. I'm sure a 12 year old could compose that speech; the resources to do it are easily available.
@_date: 2018-03-18 15:20:05
We can do without the toxicity and ad hominems. Your arguments are full of logical fallacies and the inflammatory tone hurts any legitimacy you may have.
@_date: 2018-03-22 20:57:22
Well said. I see this playing out as a 2 for 1 long term victory for financial services and energy crisis. Assuming the market stays rational, the demand in mining will incentivize and push demand/growth/development in renewable energies.
It's using a lot of energy now, but that doesn't necessarily equate that there has been increased consumption of coal, but rather the use of excess energy.
@_date: 2018-11-02 18:05:46
Interesting. I had always thought Samourai devs were competent, but I did not do a deep dive under the hood.
I violated the only rule in crypto: Don't trust, verify!
@_date: 2018-03-15 16:35:40
The protocol itself is neutral. What people decide to do with it reflects the current state of societal affairs.
It's the equivalent of saying that shoes must be banned because they aid the escape of criminals and terrorists.
@_date: 2018-11-03 10:39:30
Fair points, I concede.
@_date: 2018-03-26 16:55:37
No worries, hope you enjoy. I've developed a habit of listening to the Let's Talk Bitcoin podcasts with [Adam Levine and Andreas Antonopolous]( every Sunday, and the others for my commutes to work.
The crypto space is moving blazing fast, can barely keep up.
@_date: 2018-11-02 17:56:58
Shared this with my 10 year old niece. She stayed for the cat.
End of the video, "so is Bitcoin good?"
Yes dear, very good.
@_date: 2018-03-18 05:37:31
I've donated Bitcoin to several projects who can't take other forms of payment, most recently Scihub.
@_date: 2018-03-23 12:44:48
Don't know why you're getting downvoted for providing the city's name.
@_date: 2019-01-10 23:25:21
We savage.
@_date: 2019-01-21 01:29:40
That's assuming everyone uses an on chain transaction to onboard. Channel factories may be a possible solution around that. 
@_date: 2019-01-19 18:17:43
Lmao that's a good one.
@_date: 2019-01-23 07:18:01
***As always from the Let's Talk Bitcoin team, awesome podcasts. I transcribe my own notes/takeaways from all the podcasts I listen to. Let me know if anyone is interested in weekly updates.***
EDIT: Tweetstorm of the highlights: 
On the topic of different blockchains:
*Jonathan Mohan*: One of my favourite people to talk to about this is Joey from Augur because he tried to build Augur on top of Bitcoin.  They [Bitcoin community] made him feel like he was the dick for even asking, that he was wasting their time. It was just a very toxic experience of trying to work with that community those developers who try to build on top of Bitcoin.  He would turn to Ethereum and say, “hey, there's this bug I have that Ethereum can't handle,” and then a week later Vitalik would just update the Ethereum protocol.
*Andreas Antonopolous*: I think that's a perfect demonstration of not just the difference in philosophy but more importantly the difference in application space. **The reason Bitcoin is, and has been, and continues to be conservatively developed is because its area of specialization is super robust, super secure, super deterministic, sound money, and operating in highly adversarial environments where you can't expect the goodwill and cooperation of anyone.**  Not the hardware vendors, not the miners, not world's governments, not institutions, and in that environment it serves some very important needs that don't exist in the world today.
***To be truly neutral, truly sound global money, it has to do those things, and that means you can't have the kind of flexibility where one person decides let's add something to the protocol without very carefully thinking about all of the implications that has down the road - Bitcoin has specialized in that domain***.
It's why even though I believe we'll have a proliferation of different currencies in the long run, **none of those will be able to effectively compete for the one application of super secure robust sound money that survives adversarial environments. And for exactly that reason Ethereum, can't do that, will never do that. In fact, if it tries to do [sound money] it would actually destroy its other benefits (flexibility)**. Those are two different application spaces and you can't occupy both at the same time.
Sure, some developers are just dicks and that has nothing to do with with the underlying issue but some of that has to do with the fact that Bitcoin has to be more conservative in order to serve that application space. **It cannot simply adopt changes without thinking very very far ahead about the implications those changes will have.**
**Bitcoin is not something you build companies on top of. Bitcoin is something you build economies on top of.**
I never saw really Bitcoin as something that you build companies or apps on top of. The broader cryptocurrency space is playing that game out, and ironically, all of those other things/apps fail to work if you shut off the ability for them to have a sound, neutral money that can be exchanged no matter what, anywhere.
*Adam B. Levine*:  So that kind of brings to mind another question, do you have any past strongly held convictions regarding Bitcoin or cryptocurrency where you've changed your mind?
*Andreas M. Antonopolous*: Back in 2015. I thought that we had to address scaling sooner rather than later, and I made some comments about that. I supported a tweet that Gavin Andresen made at the time about increasing the block size and that was a belief that I held strongly. Over the next year, I took a 180 and went in the exact opposite direction. The reason I made a 180 was really simple: from the very early stages, I believed in this idea that the protocol ossifies over time as it gets embedded in more devices. And once it's ossified, you can't make any changes. So I've always thought we have a narrowing window of things we can change in the core protocol to make improvements, the absolutely necessary improvements, before that window shuts, and then you can't make any changes.
It's like IPV4 - it's in too many devices, you can't even upgrade it anymore. I believe that's happening. When the scaling debates started I thought we had a window of about two to three years. **The debate around scaling which turned into a power play demonstrated practically that that window had already closed for many controversial decisions.** That we could not reach consensus, and that the power struggle and ability to make money in that power struggle was already trumping engineering. At that point I realized that in fact, that window was much narrower. 
Once I realized that, I also understood that there are other more important things that need to be done first: privacy being the most important. And if we have a narrow window, privacy needs to be done in the base layer but scaling can be done in the second layer. Therefore I flipped. I've started believing that privacy was needed first and scalability could wait until later and mostly be done on the second layer quite effectively. I took a lot of flack for that, but it wasn't arbitrary. **It was because the facts changed and based on new facts a strongly held opinion was worth nothing because I had to revise my understanding of the space.**
*Jonathan Mohan*: **I don't think the enemies of Bitcoin are the Rogers or the Bitcoin Cash guys. I think the real enemies are going to be the exchanges in the listing agents and what they will or will not allow to be called Bitcoin when a consumer presses “buy,” when Bitcoin ultimately does have privacy**. There's no such thing as private money and I think that everyone says that. Bitcoin needs to be more like physical dollars, and I think that if you try to sell physical dollars today, you go to jail. I don't know how legal Bitcoin will be once it's made private and further I don't know to what extent any of the people we consider allies like the Coinbases of the world would in any way support a Bitcoin with privacy in it. I actually I think we're past the point of Bitcoin having privacy, and if a Bitcoin were to have privacy that it would be some marginalized fork that no one can get access to.
I think so my fear has always been: make sure you're building SSL not PGP. Cuz almost everyone uses SSL no one uses PGP. I think we're at the point now where the facts as they are, it's that if Bitcoin were to become truly private, it would be basically the PGP of Bitcoin and the one that isn't would be the SSL of Bitcoin.
*Andreas Antonopolous*: **I really like the fact that all of the privacy developments right now, specifically things like taproot and graftroot are actually around obfuscation and plausible deniability to give the exchanges a “see no evil” out of exactly that conundrum. Meaning that if it looks like a payment to a public key and you can no longer tell the difference between that and a Coinjoin, you're done.** 
*Stephanie Murphy*: I don't know what the future is gonna look like, and nobody knows. **We can speculate and think about it and it's really fun, but at the end of the day, none of us can really even imagine it fully and we're gonna have to wait and see what happens, but that’s part of the excitement**. Being aware that you don't know is also exciting because you can just be surprised by what comes out and not try to control everything or plan everything.
*Andreas Antonopolous*:  I'd like to take the opposite perspective, kind of more optimistic. Because what what you say is true and that's definitely happening but the opposite is also happening. Which is when I think that there's an intractable problem or a very hard problem that we seem stuck on, and then suddenly a brilliant solution emerges from nowhere that nobody expected. That was my experience with for example Ethereum. I had not imagined the application of smart contracts in the way Ethereum did it when it came out when I read that first whitepaper by Vitalik in 2014. I had not seen that coming. Mimble Wimble, Lightning Network, the softfork solutions in Segwit. There's all of these technologies and inventions that came out of nowhere, there was nothing really to prepare me for the idea that these were under development or that someone had thought of them, then boom, suddenly they're on the on the radar. So that's also another thing that makes this such an exciting space: can't predict anything other than it won't be boring.
@_date: 2018-03-22 13:30:12
[Jimmy Song provides a quick summary here]( IMO not the best arguments being made, but the main one being that PoS has more layers of obfuscation, and has more potential to game. PoW is more predictable. Security works best on a slow, dumb layer. Uncertainty comes with more mechanisms being introduced.


An example of this happening was the DAO hack. The problem is that you set the precedence for censorship, and you give up properties of immutability. From the DAO hack, we saw that a considerable chunk of the community didn't want to set the precedence for influential members deciding whether or not certain events get censored. That resulted in the ETC, ETH split.
@_date: 2018-03-19 15:04:33
You can think of the LN as a second layer on top of the Bitcoin network, similar to TCP/IP as a layer on top of the physical internet infrastructure.
Your LN will serve as a wallet which is more convenient to use, whereas the base layer is your secure vault.
@_date: 2019-01-24 00:54:09
Well said!
@_date: 2018-03-26 07:15:48
Check out [Let's Talk Bitcoin]( [Epicentre.tv]( [Tales From The Crypt]( Excellent resources.
@_date: 2018-03-22 21:06:55
That's a straw man. I didn't interpret what he said the same way you wrote it.
@_date: 2019-01-10 23:25:12
Context: 
EDIT: For newcomers! Jihan Wu is being removed as co-CEO of Bitmain. Bitmain did some controversial things while Jihan was in power.
- Using covert ASICBoost (patented software which gave Bitmain an advantage over other miners), while disabling it for others
- Campaigned against Segwit by spreading false information. Segwit destroyed Bitmain’s covert ASICBoost advantage (Segwit changes the way miners recompute the witness commitment which is stored in the coinbase).
- Smearing BTC and promoting BCH as a way to maintain their covert ASICBoost advantage.
- Inserting backdoor vulnerabilities in their firmware (Antbleed), which could potentially be used to remotely shut off miners
- Bitmain sold **used** miners as “new.” As a result, customers frequently had their shipments delayed, and the miners had their lifespans reduced.
Bitmain ***was*** the market leader in ASIC development. They tried to control the Bitcoin network. When they couldn't, they put their full weight behind BCH, and failed miserably. Lost ~$1,200,000,000 USD in 2018.
Let this be an example that miners **DON'T** control Bitcoin. Also, BTC showed resiliency in the face of contentious hard forks.
@_date: 2019-01-23 18:44:42
My pleasure =). Thanks for stopping by!
@_date: 2018-03-22 17:20:57
The digiconimist numbers are quite skewed, there is no peer review done, and the methodology is flawed. It is an upper bound extreme extrapolation number he provides. Despite that, people accept it as gospel. I've seen the creator's (De Vries) other works, and there is clear anti-bitcoin bias.




"I think we need more correct figures," said Malmodin, who has created estimates of energy consumption and carbon emissions in the information and communications technology industry since 2005. "This is wrong and an unrealistic figure."


"Given the large rise of Bitcoin's exchange rate, and the difference in electricity prices, it is hard to make an accurate estimate," he told CNBC in an email.


@_date: 2018-02-22 10:39:02
Like AAA mortgage backed securities?
@_date: 2019-01-23 07:25:16
Respect your opinion, but I have a different perspective on the versatility of a blockchain. I think that a blockchain is suitable for a very limited number of use cases, the most obvious one being sound money. To me, the blockchain is an undesired byproduct of use cases which require strong guarantees of censorship-resistance, immutability, neutrality. The blockchain as a data structure is inefficient, redundant, clunky, difficult to scale. But we take those tradeoffs for extremely robust security.
@_date: 2018-03-07 00:08:00


I understand what you're saying, but there's a mistake in exaggerating the extent of the brainwash. Anecdotally, I would say most of the Chinese Baby Boomer generation know what their government is capable of, and keep their mouths shut in fear. Ignorance is bliss to some of them. The Millennials are more motivated for change - don't underestimate the emerging dissidence from this group. Saw how much China drove Bitcoin in the past 9 years? There's demand in China, because an increasingly larger amount of people care about their social issues.
I can source that because I've been on the Chinese bitcoin forums and they understand these fundamental issues better than we do on Reddit.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:57:16
Regarding assumption  The technical merits of Bitcoin is much more than cutting out the middleman. Censorship-resistant, trustless, private, neutral, open-source, borderless, programmable money has use cases beyond traditional currencies. 
Even in countries which have an adequate banking system, we still benefit from privacy. I'll ensure you that your digital money is being tracked, and that information is privy to certain groups of people. Even in Canada, gerrymandering aided by banking data happens on a civic level. Privacy violations and manipulations of this type are amongst some tradeoffs you're making when you delegate control of currency to a central authority.
Beyond the microcosm of countries with adequate banking, ask someone from Venezuela, Greece, Brazil, India, Turkey or Zimbabwe whether or not they trust State-backed fiat. In some of those countries, if you were transacting with someone that the government considered a threat, that could cost you your life.
@_date: 2019-01-11 21:56:51
21 million was never mentioned in the whitepaper. The actual amount is 20,999,xxx based on the block rewards and halvings.
@_date: 2019-01-26 22:16:26
Well said. Those are key, and will synergize with channel factories and other proposed methods to onboard without using on-chain transaction.
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:58:14
Borderless and private? That in itself is a big deal. Where we live where banks aren't completely despotic, privacy still has use cases. Think about the use cases beyond your own borders. Ask someone from Venezuela, Greece, Brazil, India, Turkey or Zimbabwe whether or not they trust State-backed fiat. In some of those countries, if you were transacting with opposing political parties, not having privacy could cost lives.
In countries which have an adequate banking system, you can still benefit from privacy. I'll ensure you that your digital money is being tracked, and that information is privy to certain groups of people. Even in Canada, gerrymandering aided by banking data happens on a civic level. Privacy violations and manipulations of this type are amongst some tradeoffs you're making when you delegate control of currency to a central authority. I want our politicians working honestly for their votes.
@_date: 2019-01-23 18:40:49
Do you have a valid critique of the statement? Perhaps I can offer a starting point for a rebuttal. 
[Here's a piece by Alan Greenspan]( written in 1966. He concedes today that he regrets how things turned out. [10 minute audio clip]( of the passage if you'd prefer that.
Or perhaps, Pieces of Eight by Dr. Vieira. Dr. Vieira has 4 Harvard degrees and practices before the US Supreme Court. 
He starts [The Monetary Powers and Disabilities of the US Constitution] with, “Inflation is contemporary America's most pressing economic, social, and political problem.”
5000+ legal citations later, I was convinced of a moral obligation to transition away from our existing financial institutions.
@_date: 2018-03-21 04:04:05
You're confusing libertarianism which is different from anarchy, which is different from lawless society. Libertarianism is about preserving basic human freedoms. Anarchy does not mean "without rules," but rather "without rulers." Neither advocates for lawlessness. Distributed governance at scale is possible for the first time in human history. Check out the democracy.earth project.
@_date: 2019-01-15 05:09:18
FWIW, I think that's cool
@_date: 2018-03-21 05:12:19
Bitcoin is compatible with evolutionary biology. The Selfish Gene by Richard Dawkins provides valuable summarized insight as to why the game theory mechanisms in Bitcoin appeal to evidence-based biologic principles. One key concept is that over the course of human evolution (and other species for that matter), we have established an ESS (Evolutionary Stable Strategy), which favours the behaviour of "generally cooperate, and if wronged, retaliate." The behaviour is in dynamic equilibrium with other behaviour types, and a species does not survive if there are critical amounts of "cheaters" in the system. This concept dispels arguments such as, "____ will fail because it is human nature to exploit/kill/impede others," because it is not. This is game theory (reiterated prisoner's dilemma) applied to evolutionary biology. Distributed consensus DOES work, and it works towards the majority's best interests. The idea is further reinforced in the field of behavioural psychology, where they explore the innate nature of the social contract. Check out Dan Ariely - "Predictably Irrational."
Another important concept is with regards to altruistic behaviour, and how apparent altruism is driven by seflish motives to perpetuate an individual's genes. There is no true altruism in biology, but rather an innate understanding of helping others for the sake of optimizing our own best interests. This concept consolidates the idea of why an incentivized Proof of Work system really is the best mechanism to expand the network effect and security for Bitcoin. The incentives are natural and are align with human nature.
@_date: 2018-02-06 04:40:58


I wasn't talking about the price of Bitcoin. I'm talking about the deflationary nature of the asset.
@_date: 2018-02-22 14:23:35
It is.
"I am Lord Voldemort" and "Je suis Voldemort"
"Tom Marvolo Riddle" and " Tom Elvis Jedusor"
@_date: 2019-01-23 18:44:05
For the same reason why the Internet can't run on IPv4. These protocols scale in layers, much like how you access Reddit through HTTP, which sits on top of TCP.
@_date: 2019-01-11 02:45:26
Damn, should've used this line instead.
@_date: 2018-03-21 15:35:50
Andreas Antonopolous predicted this in a Let's Talk Bitcoin podcast about a year ago. Bitcoin went through the same dropoff of nodes because of better SPV wallet options. Ethereum started that process recently.
@_date: 2019-01-03 02:17:26
Shout out to those of you who rode it out through 2017-2018. I have a few words for my fellow cohorts. 
The school of Bitcoin was well worth its tuition fee. Bitcoin was the best teacher I’ve ever had. Skin in the Game is one hell of a drug.
Bitcoin’s fundamentals are stronger than ever, and where I am now, that’s all I focus on. The price became irrelevant.
To the class of 2018, I look forward to holding the front lines with all of you. 
Vires in Numeris. Nullius in Verba. Nacho cheese, nacho bitcoins.
@_date: 2019-01-20 10:37:42
Shoutout to  for making the game. It's more of a proof of concept than a full game. Had a few laughs, some nice easter eggs. Can't wait for the future of gaming with Lightning Network
The above is a short preview, FULL REVIEW here: 
@_date: 2018-03-18 04:12:17
*trustless instead of trusted
@_date: 2018-03-22 20:25:37
I'm going to see of I can source things when I get home from work tonight. Perhaps the community can throw some in if they wish
@_date: 2018-02-07 16:48:05
Yes, I hear about the development of cross-chain atomic swaps. Opens up the possibility of choosing the crypto which has the utility that matches your need. Naturally, people will choose the most secure one to hold their savings. Lots of time before it becomes seamless and user-friendly, but we'll get there.
@_date: 2019-01-11 04:31:15
This was during the 2x block size debate. BIP (Bitcoin Improvement Protocol) 109 was an attempt to increase the block size to handle increasing transaction volume. [Abstract: One-time increase in total amount of transaction data permitted in a block from 1MB to 2MB, with limits on signature operations and hashing.]( 
Luke said, "FYI, patching Core with BIP 109 would not be Bitcoin Core compatible per our agreement."
MrHodl chimed in, "Well. Some of us give two ***fucks*** about your 2MB hardfork. Luke (being the nice guy he is), is still coding it up for you."
Jihan replied, "***fuck your mother if you want fuck.***"
It was meant as a direct insult to MrHodl. Jihan was angry about the community not wanting 2MB blocks.
@_date: 2018-03-20 02:37:58
Not exactly due to high transaction reward. Bitcoin used to have a higher node count because you had to run a full node to use it (used to be able to do that on my phone). That changed when SPV wallets came out. From what I'm observing, ETH will go through a similar cycle.
@_date: 2019-01-23 18:39:06
You'll love bitcoin even more once you understand its monetary policy in the context of monetary history. 
[Here's a piece by Alan Greenspan]( written in 1966. He concedes today that he regrets how things turned out.
[10 minute audio clip]( of the passage if you'd prefer that.
Or perhaps, Pieces of Eight by Dr. Vieira. Dr. Vieira has 4 Harvard degrees and practices before the US Supreme Court. 
He starts [The Monetary Powers and Disabilities of the US Constitution] with, “Inflation is contemporary America's most pressing economic, social, and political problem.”
5000+ legal citations later, I was convinced of a moral obligation to transition away from our existing financial institutions.
@_date: 2018-03-22 13:22:55
My plan was to find the sources for these claims tonight after work. I was also hoping the community could do some number verifications as well.
@_date: 2018-03-19 22:33:38
He used an analogy with shoes. Something along the lines of: shoes are inherently neutral, banning shoes because they aid the escape of criminals and terrorists is nonsensical because the protocol is neutral.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:30:55
Ah, the deflationary spiral argument. Understand that Bitcoin is deflationary by design, and completely predictable. If the economy that uses Bitcoin grows, the per-unit value of Bitcoin proportionally increases also. Bitcoins only deflate in value when the Bitcoin Economy is growing. On the other hand, deflationary spirals in fiat are unpredictable, and that's what makes them destructive. Another key difference is that fiat is debt-based, while Bitcoin is an asset - traditional economic models may not apply. This is an experiment that is playing itself out, we'll just have to wait and see for empirical evidence.
@_date: 2019-01-24 17:49:52
Thanks! =D
@_date: 2018-03-21 05:43:00
In that case, would you mind elaborating on why the ideology is flawed? 
@_date: 2019-01-03 11:11:11
Thanks for watching! You and I can probably relate. Bought all the way up, then down all the way to 6k because it felt relatively cheap. When it dropped to 3k, didn't have much liquid cash to buy more. A grimace here and there when we check our portfolios, but at the same time exuberant about the possibility of sound money within our lifetime.
I do have some regrets that I could've been a better trader this cycle. I guess we will just have to be patient because we have conviction for the long term trend of Bitcoin to make up for our trading follies. Best we can do now is take these lessons into the next run =).
@_date: 2018-02-11 16:07:30
I wrote a short post regarding the benefits of running a node.
@_date: 2018-03-22 05:25:12
Traditional law enforcement will still exist. The difference is that the consensus of which laws they enforce and how they are enforced is governed democratically and in a decentralised way. We have platforms for that such as democracy.earth.
I would imagine that the majority of people would agree that there must be a penalty for taking away lives, stealing property, violating basic human freedoms.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:17:04
Did you forget the 2007/2008 recession? I'd be somewhat OK if the banks were just in the business of being custodians of risk-assessment for loans. But they're also heavily in the business of taking on riskier and riskier investments to feed the machine of constant growth. Their activities lead to a collapse of the system, and needed to be bailed out. The price of the bailout is passed on to you. In other words, their gains were privatised, while their losses were socialised. If you believe in the benefits of separation of church and state, it's not too far to believe in the benefits of separation of business and state.
@_date: 2018-02-12 03:06:35
I think you need more research on the technology. The technology REALLY is that revolutionary in potentially changing trust models in all areas of life.
@_date: 2018-03-06 23:32:25
Certainly not foolproof, but I'd rather have open-source software to mitigate that risk. If you experience more attacks, you subsequently have stronger code.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:09:38
You forgot the part about the arms race that is currently happening between banks to dominate blockchain space.
[BLOCKCHAIN PATENT FILINGS DOMINATED BY FINANCIAL SERVICES INDUSTRY](
They position themselves in such a way because they see patents as a prerequisite for profit. Of course, they want to strip it of the decentralized, borderless, censorship-resistant, open nature blockchains.
@_date: 2019-01-24 01:10:49
Anyone who is able to compete for fees to use block space. Saifedean points out that even if the fees are unaffordable for individuals, using Bitcoin will still be magnitudes cheaper than existing methods for large-sum interbank and international settlements.
That's the worst case scenario, really. I don't really see it turning out that way, but we'll have to wait and see. 
Again, scaling in layers is the sensible approach. You can't even buy an IPv4 address anymore. If you can, you are probably a large-scale institution/corporation. However, we still interact with TCP/IP through higher layers (HTTP, SMTP, etc). 
@_date: 2018-02-22 17:19:44
Thanks for pointing that out. Very interesting.
@_date: 2018-03-29 07:25:11
Yes, you can use Localbitcoins.com and meet in person. Check out Bisq as well.
@_date: 2018-03-21 14:32:43
Thanks for sharing. Quite different from the topic I presented, but interesting read nonetheless.
Have you since explored the application of blockchain for supply-chain management?
@_date: 2018-03-21 03:51:20
Anarchy does not mean "without rules," but rather "without rulers." Distributed governance at scale is possible for the first time in human history. Check out the democracy.earth project.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:23:07
Some misunderstandings here. More adoption leads to less volatility. Compare that to other technologies in the past. Limited quantity and open-sourced mechanics leads to predictable deflation. 
Also, false dichotomy. It doesn't have to be "fiat or crypto," both will fit into their own niches.
@_date: 2018-02-22 18:18:25
Not sure what OP had in mind, but Grin is one implementation of MimbleWimble as a sidechain.
@_date: 2018-02-09 18:29:40
Thanks for trying it out. I've been running one for a month. 
The obvious advantage is to increase the security of the network, and if you have a stake in Bitcoin, that's to your own advantage.
Secondly, you delegate trust to third party servers when you use lightweight clients or web based wallets, you solve that by running your own node. Increases your own security.
Thirdly, in the event of hard forks, you get to decide which fork deserves your node.
@_date: 2018-03-31 07:06:37
Mike Maloney does a good piece about the flawed mechanics of our existing monetary system:  . History has shown that individuals who value financial freedom shouldn't trust centralised private banking, which uses debt-based monetary policies with a fractional reserve system. The groups that run the business of banking have too much power and influence. The 2007-2008 recession bailout showed that gains could be privatised while the losses were socialised, all without your consent.
He has a video on monetary history in 10 minutes:  
Note that money has changed fundamentally several times in the past century. Also, the universally accepted reserve note (USD) has recently lost its dominance as the Petrodollar as of Mar 26/2018.
@_date: 2018-03-28 05:20:29
Read the [Whitepaper]( just now. 
 Like other ICO's/ they bastardized the term "Whitepaper." This is a marketing paper, and has no place in academia
Reading under "Governance" is enough for me: 






BankAmericard Inc., founded in 1968, which was later renamed VISA
@_date: 2019-09-29 18:48:05
I'll listen to them when they have interesting guests. Much more selective with their podcasts than other Bitcoin-only podcasts.
@_date: 2018-07-08 01:55:09
What are the consequences of quantitative tightening?
@_date: 2018-07-22 01:22:48
It's a huge difference between holding your own BTC vs custodial holdings of your BTC. With the former and with best practices, you and only you have ownership to your BTC. With the latter, you don't own your BTC, and there is no recourse if the custodian decides to keep the BTC, or if the custodian gets hacked (big honeypots are attractive to all sorts of attackers).  
Also, you don't know if they're holding the BTC to back your claim to the BTC
@_date: 2019-09-30 06:56:25
The latter was what AA was referring to, because the context was Rootstock.
@_date: 2018-03-28 03:21:08
RIP Hal Finney. You are my Satoshi &lt;3
@_date: 2019-09-30 06:57:51
It's the engineering tradeoffs of blockchains. Trilemma: decentralisation, security, scalability, choose 2.
Complexity is the enemy of security.
@_date: 2018-07-06 02:35:20
Great article, I enjoyed going through it. 
@_date: 2018-02-07 18:38:27
Economics isn't a hard science; there's no objective truth in any theorem, and there are competing theories. Japan's currency has been deflationary for almost 20 years, yet their quality of life is amongst the highest. Trickle down economics was being pushed as a valid model by the US, and you've seen the backlash of that. Keynesians disagree with Marxists, who disagree with Austrian Economists. Note that during depressions, what precipitates deflation is *lost of demand* first, which is reflected by monetary deflation, followed immediately by hyperinflation. That is the case for debt based fiat. 
I challenge the idea that inflation is required to incentivize production/labour. The world has finite resources - inflation goes on indefinitely. When the rate of inflation no longer reflects the productivity of the economy, what do you think happens? Sure, central authority can finely control it, but why not leave that to free market? We live in a world of overconsumption and waste, and as a society, we need to curb that.
The modern economy is different now compared to the industrial era. We're now a world economy, and we can now accurately account for the finite resources we have. Infinite growth wasn't an issue back when the limits of growth weren't realized.
@_date: 2019-09-22 00:13:37
You're embarrassing yourself, man.
@_date: 2019-09-22 03:38:45
The ignorance is amazing, love it. You'd get along well with the BSV/Rippletard crowd.
@_date: 2019-09-29 18:45:27
There's a lot of FUD floating around about Bitcoin succumbing to quantum attacks.
[Here's an academic paper about the topic](
The episode discusses:
* What are quantum technologies and how they differ from the existing paradigm
* The areas and industries which are to benefit most from quantum computing
* A refresher on hashing algorithms as one-way functions
* What a quantum attack on Bitcoin mining might look like
* How Elliptic Curve digital signature algorithms work and how public and private keys are generated
* The three types of attacks a quantum computer could perform digital signatures
* The expected timelines for these attacks to be viable
* The potential countermeasures which could circumvent quantum attacks on Bitcoin
Stay educated, stay vigilant.
@_date: 2019-09-11 09:08:18
Thanks for the response again.


I think this is where I'm stuck. I have in my domain records that 'btcpay.mydomain.org' is pointing to the IP that brings up the BTCPayserver home screen, but going to 'btcpay.mydomain.org' in my browser returns a 404 not found error.
From nodl's IP address, going to the BTCPayserver/server/maintenance settings, trying to change the domain returns me this error: 
From nodl.local, I get this error: 
If I try to use  on the WooCommerce BTCPay plugin page, it says, "SSL certificate problem: self signed certificate": 
Perhaps I misunderstand what you meant. Could to clarify on this?
Appreciate it.
@_date: 2019-09-22 00:12:28
Please read the entire thing, I address your arguments thoroughly.
@_date: 2019-09-29 23:58:37


That's exactly the tradeoff that isn't worth making for Bitcoin. In my mind, the stakes are extraordinarily high to build a secure, neutral, sound money. The societal benefit this yields is much higher than any DeFi project/futures exchange/payment processor.


You described Ethereum. I think they're doing great things, and I see a future where blockchains interoperate, but why jeopardize the value proposition of one for another?
@_date: 2019-09-22 03:17:14
Cool, but you clearly didn't read the article - making Bitcoiners look bad.
@_date: 2018-07-22 22:40:42
Thanks for your detailed response, enjoyed reading
@_date: 2019-09-11 08:27:15
Thanks for the suggestion. However, the whole exercise for me was to see if end-to-end verification for eCommerce was possible for a normal person at this point in time.
The Shopify plugin runs through KYC platforms, take a cut in the middle, and you don't run your own rules.
@_date: 2018-07-12 20:08:54
Credit cards are completely banned. Only Scotia, TD, and some credit unions will do debit. RBC, BMO, HSBC, CIBC have all banned sending money to exchange already.
@_date: 2019-09-11 05:31:56
Thanks for the info. I'm non-technical - already pushing the boundaries of my comfort levels. I wouldn't know how to use the command lines. I would love to have your reverse tunnel setup, but I wouldn't be capable of that unless a service makes that easier in the future.
I'm the benchmark rube when it comes to setting this stuff up =P.
I'll close the other ports if I get this working. I think port forwarding works because I see the BTCPayserver homepage when I type my external IP in a browser.
My instinct now is to change my domain by having btcpay.example.com point towards my external IP, as outlined in this: 
Is what I'm doing by exposing my public IP dangerous security-wise?
@_date: 2019-09-11 08:47:59
Thanks for the suggestions, but yes, it is fully synced. I'm having trouble pairing it with the store.
@_date: 2019-09-12 05:02:18
Thanks again for the response. I'll tinker around and will report if I get it to work. At the moment, setting this up is outside my technical expertise. I'll just go with a Lunanode setup if I want to get the store up and running now, but I think I'll just keep my eye out for easier solutions at the moment.
Appreciate your time and help.
@_date: 2019-09-12 04:58:44
Hey, appreciate the response.
I just want to go through the exercise of setting up a fully self-validating online store that accepts BTC. LN is a nice feature to have that I want to play around with as well. 
Thanks for the suggestions. I could use a third party host like BTCjungle for my purposes now, but I'm in no rush.
And absolutely, will definitely let you know if I find anything that helps. Eventually, we, as a community will figure this out. The beauty of the creative commons =P.
@_date: 2018-07-12 20:09:50
Only Scotia, TD, and some credit unions allow etransfer at the moment. RBC, BMO, HSBC, CIBC have all banned sending money to exchange already.
@_date: 2019-09-21 23:29:08
I worked on this since an [earlier iteration]( about a year ago.
The feedback I got was that it lacked sources. Since then, I've collected articles and sources. Any ways I can reinforce this article?
@_date: 2019-09-29 18:40:30
Andreas M. Antonopoulos, Stephanie Murphy, Jonathan Mohan and Adam B. Levine are back with part two of our recent live show recorded at BTC2019 in front of a studio audience. This time, we've got nearly an hour of audience Q&amp;A. Enjoy the show!
***Selected highlights***
*Stephanie Murphy: “Do you think Bitcoin will be able to shift from block rewards to transaction fees to maintain security as the block reward approaches zero?”*
Andreas M. Antonopoulos: “This is one of the fundamental misunderstandings and dynamics of mining for most people, which is the idea that something suddenly happens sometime at an undescribed future, either at the next halving or in 2141. The truth is on a daily basis, every single miner in the industry looks at six or seven different factors: the efficiency of their mining equipment, the price of electricity in their local fiat, the cost of their operation system, the current price of Bitcoin in fiat, the reward that's available as a block subsidy, the average amount of fees they can get, and the relative proportion of hashing power. They decide based on all of these factors. Do I leave this specific machine on at its current efficiency, or do I turn it off, or do I point it to another coin? That happens every single day. Every single day that decision continues, it’s rebalancing all of these dynamic factors. So the shift between block subsidy and fees happened every single day since January 3rd 2009 and it continues to happen today. 
Sometimes, the capacity of the blockchain, the number of transactions that are in there, the value of the fees mean that it really attracts miners because there's a lot of fees to take. Other times, the fees decrease, the number of transactions decreases, so they're now more reliant on block subsidy and then it swings back and forth and back and forth. It's gonna oscillate in that way all the way to 2141. 
*Stephanie Murphy: “What does everybody's view on Rootstock (RSK)?”*
Andreas M. Antonopoulos: I don't think Rootstock is putting smart contracts on Bitcoin. Rootstock is allowing you to use Bitcoin to pay for smart contracts on the Rootstock Drivechain, which you could theoretically do by shifting money into Ethereum. In fact, recently I saw someone who had built a gateway that allowed you to make a Lightning payment that terminated in an Ethereum contract. So there's many ways to bridge different blockchains together. Quite honestly, I don't think we should be doing smart contracts on Bitcoin. Bitcoin doesn't do smart contracts, and it doesn't do smart contracts because it does security. That's not a trade off I think is worth doing. It's much better to leave that to a chain that has a much more experimental culture and can take bigger risks. 
As to whether we can do smart contracts, that's not a binary question; it's a question of value. So can we do smart contracts that can keep $1,000,000 secure? Yes. $10,000,000? Maybe. $100,000,000? No, the DAO proved that. How about now? DAI is doing more, so maybe yes. So it's basically a moving front. As the the maturity of the smart contract ecosystem expands, we can do bigger and bigger stakes (no pun intended) within the smart contract ecosystem. Every now and then there's gonna be a fairly catastrophic failure that's gonna cause a regression in the amounts of money that's put in them. But essentially it's growing. We're proving this every day, and it's the same thing with Bitcoin. The way you measure security in a smart contract or you measure security in a cryptocurrency like Bitcoin is how secure is Bitcoin? X billion dollars. That's the stake that is sitting on it right now, unhacked so far.
*Stephanie Murphy: “If Bitcoin or crypto is going to give power back to the people, how can we help people from sanctioned countries like Iran, North Korea get access to this freedom?”* 
Andreas M. Antonopoulos: “[...] one of the ways we fix issues of privacy is by using the asymmetry inherent in all societies, which is generally the number of people being watched is much larger than the watchers. The panopticon works both ways. If you surveil people, they can surveil you back. Blockchains give you a really important thing, which is immutability. So for example the next set of leaks of Panama papers, what you do is you embed them in the blockchain so they cannot be erased from history. You can do the same thing with other surveillance technologies. If you want to create a situation where society moves towards protecting privacy and making it stronger, what you do is you strip the powerful people in society of their privacy and suddenly they care.”
@_date: 2018-07-21 22:33:47
Without consideration of LN, your question is about how block rewards could be sustainable after many halvings. The concern is that if the price of Bitcoin doesn't go up enough for miners to mine block rewards profitably, the security of the network would be weakened.
Saifedean addresses this exact issue during this conversation: [
The TL:DW is that market forces will incentivise the cheapest price of energy for Bitcoin mining, and there happens to be LOTS of unutilised potential in our current electricity-generating infrastructure that can't be stored or transferred, and Bitcoin mining is ideal to subsidise/store excess energy.  
There are some thought leaders who also believe that block subsidies need to be considered to keep mining profitable, but we'll have to see if the community wants that. It's the next big discussion.
@_date: 2018-04-16 15:34:08
I would disagree. Why is PoW not sustainable? What other system would you propose to make it more energy efficient?
@_date: 2018-04-12 16:00:21
Agree that no one knows. I could make the argument that Bitcoin is undervalued when taking into account the geopolitical storm we're in.
@_date: 2018-04-13 16:11:29
That's why we see an arms race for privacy enhancing features at the moment. Ring signatures in Monero, zk snarks in Zcash, Grin as a Mimblewimble implementation as examples. None of the aforementioned are 100% untraceable.
MAST and Schnorr are nice additions coming to Bitcoin in the near future.
Fungibility is already compromised at the base layer because of privacy flaws; some would argue that privacy is more important than scaling atm.
@_date: 2018-04-12 14:45:07
Not speaking for OP, but I'm running a full node and it's already using considerable disk space and bandwidth. Yes, I can have 4tb hard drives and gigabit connections to accommodate 32MB blocks, but that's cost prohibitive to a significant portion of the population. 
If I'm not running a full node, I'm a second class bitcoin citizen because I'd be trusting someone else's node to verify a transaction. I want to minimise trust and run my own node to mitigate that risk.
If you scale by increasing block size only,  you get less and less people being able to run their own nodes.
@_date: 2018-04-12 16:55:53
Yes, we need more adoption and innovation in the space before we get there. But we already have in the community some people who demonstrate that they can live by using bitcoin only.
 (2016)
Time will tell, but my wager is positive for bitcoin because the wheels of innovation are just spinning faster and faster.
@_date: 2018-04-16 22:14:46


This is a flawed premise. Most "Golden Ages" of innovation and discovery in human history happened when a civilisation had sound money. 
2007-2008 in the States revealed that when you don't anchor currency to a sound store of value, the bailout money ended up inflating the money supply, so your whatever you had in savings will be worth less after the bailout. If you were rich enough to have investments, those grew proportionally with bailout money, so you have [all time highs in traditional investments]( The bankers got to continue doing what they did, but this time with inflated money supply, and rinse and repeat. Rich keeps getting richer, poor gets poorer. Losses are socialised while gains are privatised.
But I'm Canadian, and all countries run on the same centralised private banking system. It's even worse here, and I would know because I consult on public health expenditure in Canada . Housing is unaffordable in major cities, cost of living keeps getting higher and higher. Canada has 0% fractional reserve requirement. Canada began phasing out cash reserve requirement in 1992 and removed it in 1994. If you are interested, see BOC Working Paper 97-8 (April 1997) "Implementation of Monetary Policy in a Regime with Zero Reserve Requirements" by Kevin Clinton.
We were supposed to implement Basel III capital rules. This is a voluntary global framework to create a better monetary system, and although sources claim that Canada has taken steps to follow suite, this hasn't happened in practice.
I have a colleague who was tasked with estimating the necessary healthcare resources required to treat our growing senior population. We spent $144 billion in publicly funded healthcare in 2015, and that cost grew 1.4x faster than average income per year. We INCREASED our public health spending in 2018 at an estimated 1.8x rate faster than average income. That spending was $35 billion in 2002-2003. Healthcare is NOT 5x better than 2002-2003, and wages have stagnated compared to these rising healthcare costs. In 5-15 years, our healthcare system will be unsustainable from a public spending perspective, and the options are bleak. At the rate which resources are being used now, "planned termination" at age 75 is necessary to just maintain the status quo. Obviously planned termination is not happening. The solution would be to minimise wage/salary and automate as much as we can, but you already see organisations like OMA/CMA fighting against it. They're not going to budge, and what we see from a mile away is a catastrophic collapse of the healthcare system.
When cost of healthcare, housing, food is increasing in Canada, the [risk of revolution increases]( Take a look at how French Revolution happened, and at what levels on the Hunger Index triggered revolution. More recently, take a look at Nigeria, Angola, Yemen, Cameroon on the Hunger Index. As of July 7, 2017, 42.6 million Americans were receiving SNAP benefits during the current fiscal year, down from 44.2 million in 2016. The 2017 figure is the lowest since 2010, when 40.3 million people were on food stamps. The number peaked in 2013, at 47.6 million. Look at all the data and draw your own conclusions. Things are NOT ok.


That's untrue as well. Banks react slowly to the market with incomplete information. A free market can establish rates dynamically without central authority.


We have it: Bitcoin
@_date: 2018-04-12 18:34:53
That's false. Nodes are necessary to secure the network.
Nodes secure the network because node operators are the consensus layer that enforces the miners. The nodes don't automatically trust the miners, the nodes have to verify the consensus rules to verify the miners. If the miners want to break the consensus rule, the honest nodes stop the breach from propagating.
Nodes are key to preventing miners from getting out of line. You vote on the consensus rules with your node.
Great video on that:
@_date: 2018-04-16 15:37:55
Energy isn't being wasted, it's being used.
@_date: 2018-04-06 16:18:37
Onion routing is a great feature, don't get me wrong, but it could be compromised. There may be use cases which require different anonymity models, like zk-SNARK (Zero-Knowledge Succinct Non-Interactive Argument of Knowledge, in Zcash), or Ring Signatures in Monero. 


In home automation, I would like to my house to do certain things that cater to my own sleep cycle and work habits and such. I would like to train an algorithm that optimises how my family uses things. I will not trust a third party to have that information, because it could lead to breach of privacy and selling of my information. 
@_date: 2018-04-06 03:42:39
If you want more anonymity, you'd swap to use Monero or Zcash. If want to train AI models without ever letting a third party sell your information/breach privacy because you own your own info, you might swap to use Open Mined. The whole ecosystem may work together to provide utility when you anchor it to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-17 01:14:57
Off-the-charts wealth inequality was the norm of most, if not every civilisation, regardless of monetary system. And it is true that a prosperous middle class is a recent phenomenon. 
In societies that thrive, we'll observe high degrees of economic freedom, the right to accumulate capital is respected, and the norm is lower time preference. The opposite is true for civilisations that collapse. 
@_date: 2018-04-25 02:02:52
Agreed, I'm happy that there are a lot of experiments going on. In the future, BTC may also need blocksize increases.
However, the whole bcash split with context of covert ASICBoost, Jihan and Ver spearheading a movement against the majority, spinning up virtual nodes to boost node count, pumping bcash on Coinbase after the split is very much in bad faith.
@_date: 2018-04-01 00:57:57
I did a 6 month deep dive into the world of crypto, and I started out with a similar misconception that the blockchain is the underlying technology behind Bitcoin. It is not. The blockchain is just one of the components of Bitcoin, and focusing on the blockchain is akin to focusing on the wheels of an automotive vehicle and missing out on the other parts. The Bitcoin blockchain is the output, and it very much matters how the output is constructed.
Bitcoin blockchain = cryptography/protocols/Free and Open Source Software + PoW + economics (incentives/game theory). 
Yes, you see a lot of nonsense about speculating about prices here. It's NOT speculating to weigh the technical merits of Bitcoin vs the existing monetary systems vs competing cryptocurrencies. After I went down the rabbit hole of objectively verifying what this is all about, I came out with a high degree of confidence in the protocol which is the most censorship-resistant, trustless, private, neutral, open-source, and borderless. There is only one right now that meets the aforementioned criteria, and anyone who wishes to do a deep binge on crypto education can verify/challenge that. It may change over time, but for now, I don't see Bitcoin as a speculative technology.
@_date: 2018-04-21 17:09:18
Thank you so much for your dedication to the project. I don't have the technical talent to contribute, but on the sidelines, I'm inspired by the quest to innovate. You really are amongst the undersung heroes of current times.
@_date: 2018-04-12 14:48:52
Some people in the community actually do believe that block size is too large already, but I doubt you'd get consensus on the network to decrease block size. Pros don't significantly outweigh the cons
@_date: 2018-04-12 15:42:47


At the protocol level, no. To me, the foundations of sound monetary policy are laid out. It's predictable, I can verify how it works. 0 to $8000 in 9 years reflects how the market values bitcoin.  Opportunists will play with margins on both systems, but I prefer that the banks don't unilaterally bail out the gamblers. Layers of obfuscation hide how the private central banks manipulate our currency, where it benefits them and their partners much more than the constituents they pretend to serve.
@_date: 2018-04-19 13:02:59
Something like [80% of Monero transactions are trackable]( I think since then, it's 60% trackable, but still not ideal.
@_date: 2018-04-08 19:52:40
When [Ryan John King talks]( about incentive driven distribution of location nodes, it seems completely internal. I guess time will tell whether or not external dependencies work against blockchains to the point that they're not functional.
@_date: 2018-04-17 06:29:40
 &gt;Would it have been better to say something like? "If you place $100 in a bank account in 100 years it will be worth less then $1 assuming there are no fees. 
I understood what you meant when I read your title, but I think the above would be more intuitive
@_date: 2018-04-16 15:31:03
Nice infographic! 
@_date: 2018-04-19 15:48:02
That's interesting, glad to see development moving so fast in Monero. 
Thanks for that article
@_date: 2018-04-11 15:48:13
Mt. Gox happened off chain. Nothing serious happened on the protocol level, yet.
@_date: 2018-04-25 01:59:15
The majority of bcash nodes are hosted on virtual Alibaba servers.
@_date: 2018-04-16 01:17:48
Yeah, I was gonna comment on that. Deceptive and misleading advertisement for $395 implant, I'm surprised their regulatory body allows that to happen. Even $1500 regular price is a bargain
@_date: 2018-04-13 16:23:10
Some libertarians would make the argument that privacy is the foundation for your basic human rights. Your right to association, free speech, commerce etc can and will be compromised if intermediaries control the aforementioned platforms by which you exercise those rights. That is why I will advocate full privacy on a personal level.
On the other hand, where trusted intermediaries are supposed to represent the constituents which they serve, full transparency is desirable. Without transparency, trusted intermediaries have shown to abuse power and not be held accountable.
@_date: 2018-04-16 19:35:10
The community that first picked up the project in 2009 have been working on similar problems years before bitcoin. They had the ability to understand why bitcoin was an important project before the general public had a clue about what it was. Yes, of course they had foresight.
@_date: 2018-04-23 17:44:12
Things that have changed since the high fees in late 2017:
- Higher adoption of Segwit
- Transaction batching used in some major exchanges
- Better fee estimation in some wallets
- May have lower volume since end of 2017/early 2018 *Can't estimate accurately
Coming soon:
- MAST
- Schnorr
- Lightning
- Taproot
 
[As of April 19/2018 for PayPal](
a new flat fee of $2.99 or $4.99 per transaction depending on the recipient’s country. However, when you send money using your credit card, debit card, or PayPal credit you will be charged the new flat fee per transaction depending on the recipient’s country + 2.9% of the transaction amount + a fixed fee based on the currency.
@_date: 2018-04-08 07:26:00


Am I correct to assume that central servers are better off than "distributed ledgers" in this case? 
@_date: 2018-04-12 19:07:31
I see, you are right about 1 additional node having less effect on the security of the network when it's larger. However, most people don't run nodes from the perspective of securing the network. I run a node to validate incoming transactions. It's just not good practice to trust another node to do it for you. You don't know what parameter they've changed, nor if they're in cahoots with rogue miners. That's the personal utility of running a node.
@_date: 2018-04-12 19:31:42
I see. Sorry for the misunderstanding. 


some people with agendas will round off the marginal utility and say it adds nothing
I had assumed that you were affirming that nodes don't add utility, without realising that you had actually meant, my bad.
@_date: 2018-04-12 14:26:24
I can understand that for stocks, but here in crypto, you didn't lose money, you've acquired part of a new asset class.
@_date: 2018-04-03 14:01:43
Nice, gave  a supportive tweet
@_date: 2018-04-11 16:01:08


Nicholas Weaver


This self proclaimed "expert" doesn't know the technical details, nor does he recognise existing problems with private centralised banking. Or he does, and he has invested interest in keeping bitcoin down.
@_date: 2018-04-14 19:20:47
2007-2008 in the States revealed that when you don't anchor currency to a sound store of value, the bailout money ended up inflating the money supply, so your whatever you had in savings will be worth less after the bailout. If you were rich enough to have investments, those grew proportionally with bailout money, so you have [all time highs in traditional investments]( The bankers got to continue doing what they did, but this time with inflated money supply, and rinse and repeat. Rich keeps getting richer, poor gets poorer. Losses are socialised while gains are privatised.
But I'm Canadian, and all countries run on the same centralised private banking system. It's even worse here, and I would know because I consult on public health expenditure in Canada . Housing is unaffordable in major cities, cost of living keeps getting higher and higher. Canada has 0% fractional reserve requirement. Canada began phasing out cash reserve requirement in 1992 and removed it in 1994. If you are interested, see BOC Working Paper 97-8 (April 1997) "Implementation of Monetary Policy in a Regime with Zero Reserve Requirements" by Kevin Clinton.
We were supposed to implement Basel III capital rules. This is a voluntary global framework to create a better monetary system, and although sources claim that Canada has taken steps to follow suite, this hasn't happened in practice.
I have a colleague who was tasked with estimating the necessary healthcare resources required to treat our growing senior population. We spent $144 billion in publicly funded healthcare in 2015, and that cost grew 1.4x faster than average income per year. We INCREASED our public health spending in 2018 at an estimated 1.8x rate faster than average income. That spending was $35 billion in 2002-2003. Healthcare is NOT 5x better than 2002-2003, and wages have stagnated compared to these rising healthcare costs. In 5-15 years, our healthcare system will be unsustainable from a public spending perspective, and the options are bleak. At the rate which resources are being used now, "planned termination" at age 75 is necessary to just maintain the status quo. Obviously planned termination is not happening. The solution would be to minimise wage/salary and automate as much as we can, but you already see organisations like OMA/CMA fighting against it. They're not going to budge, and what we see from a mile away is a catastrophic collapse of the healthcare system.
When cost of healthcare, housing, food is increasing in Canada, the [risk of revolution increases]( Take a look at how French Revolution happened. More recently, take a look at Nigeria, Angola, Yemen, Cameroon on the Hunger Index. 48 million Americans qualify for food stamps. Look at all the data and draw your own conclusions. Things are NOT ok.
The evidence is all around you, it's just a matter of consolidating all of it.
EDIT: needed to update my food stamp numbers: As of July 7, 2017, 42.6 million Americans were receiving SNAP benefits during the current fiscal year, down from 44.2 million in 2016. The 2017 figure is the lowest since 2010, when 40.3 million people were on food stamps. The number peaked in 2013, at 47.6 million.
@_date: 2018-04-10 21:28:23
True say, he/she/it is certainly out on a mission.
@_date: 2018-04-16 15:39:24
I lol'd
@_date: 2018-04-12 15:03:46
Bitcoin right now is the Kodiak next to the Titanic. Every move of the Titanic will rock the Kodiak, but it's also an escape from the Titanic which looks to be moving head-first into icebergs.
@_date: 2018-04-12 16:18:29
I would make a distinction between money and currency. Debt based currencies and asset based monies are different things. 
Sure, you can think of btc as an investment
@_date: 2018-04-16 15:11:29
I'm OK with that because early adopters took an incredible risk, saw the vision of Bitcoin, and their reward should reflect their ability to make the right calculations/decisions.
It beats accumulation of wealth via wars and theft, which has been the case for the vast majority of history.
@_date: 2018-04-03 01:48:19
Part 2 over [HERE](
High quality discussion between brothers James O'Beirne (Bitcoin Core contributor, working at Chaincode Labs), and Will O'Beirne (Ethereum contributor at MyCrypto). 
Topics covered:
- prediction markets, 
- Proof-of-Work v. Proof-of-Stake 
- the philosophy behind these technologies
- current state of the space
The back and forth is very insightful - there a lot of topics presented in this interview that are worthy of further discussion
@_date: 2018-04-16 16:55:06
You're the creator? That's awesome. I transcribed a piece about [Bitcoin energy consumption - Rebuttals](
I don't know if you'll ever get to do more, but things I think would further consolidate the point
**Environment implications, compared to gold:** 
 Bitcoin's energy use is *one hundreth* of the energy used in mining gold. Gold is integral to the monetary system that Bitcoin is directly trying to replace. There are also environmental costs of mining gold - from sulphuric acid leeching into rivers, denuding hills, destroying mountains, etc. A tiny fraction is being used for industrial use, the vast majority of gold is being held as store of value.
**Step down converters**:
More practically, every charging device with a step-down converter sits plugged in and coverts electricity to heat. The estimated power this consumes is 2 orders of magnitudes greater than what Bitcoin consumes. This is a worldwide phenomenon which is an enormous drain of energy. 
The world's largest polluters and energy spenders are military; the main purpose they serve is to kill people.
**Journalistic dishonesty and sensationalism:**
All of the journalistic analysis goes like this: if it takes X kilowatts to conduct 1 transaction, and we took it to world scale, how much energy would that cost? They disregard that the energy used is completely unrelated to the # of transactions.
I didn't have enough time to source it, working on other projects. All the best!
@_date: 2018-04-17 13:20:34
Don't assume that I'm not familiar with it. Switching to PoS will introduce security flaws to the consensus mechanism. Not something you want on Bitcoin
@_date: 2019-09-22 01:54:09


Didn't read the article and don't know your stats.
Stay ignorant.
@_date: 2018-04-12 18:11:48
We'll see how things play out. My only concern with Bitcoin is that people may not value financial sovereignty on an open source, opt-in platform as much as I think they should. The people who do are in Bitcoin already. I'm not sure how many do, but need extra convincing to explore how bitcoin works. Also, it's hard getting people to demand their basic rights in North America.
@_date: 2018-04-10 22:40:06
In Canada, the fractional reserve rate for banks is 0%. For reals.
@_date: 2018-04-11 21:02:21
I've been reading about drivechains as a 2 way peg for other blockchains to borrow from bitcoin's immutability and security. I'm still having problems understanding it...But I understand it's what the devs are exploring most seriously to solve that.
@_date: 2018-04-26 13:04:00
.. As with any other segwit address
@_date: 2018-04-17 16:11:26
The environmental disaster narrative isn't substantiated by facts. I agree that energy consumption should switch to 100% renewables, and because renewables are the lowest cost alternative, Bitcoin is actually subsidising investments to generate renewable energy. Energy crisis and monetary system solutions - 2 birds with 1 stone.
Andreas Antonopolous was featured on a CaSE podcast]( At around -00:15:00, he provides a great response about energy consumption in Bitcoin.
-**Energy is being wasted**
Clearly, Bitcoin is useful to some people. Judgements about whether or not something is wasted is best left to those using it. We don't end up with a good society if we start deciding for other people what is useful and what is not. 
To people who value censorship-resistance, neutrality, global access, completely decentralised system of currency with no geopolitical attachments, Bitcoin is a very useful application. Some would argue it is the most useful application in the 21^st century.
You can't do the security of Bitcoin without the investment in energy. To those who say you can, they are saying that you can get something of value out of nothing. There's a reason why the security of reason costs that much in terms of energy; if you do it for less, it's less secure. If it's less secure, you won't have a valuable network.
The energy in Bitcoin is not wasted - it's *used* to make the network secure without central authority. No one has demonstrated at scale an alternative.
-**What about Proof of Stake?**
There is a lot of complexity in using an intrinsic currency as stake for the security of the same currency. The game theory gets very complicated. Proof of Work is straightforward: you spend resources on energy in order to secure the virtual asset. If you decide to fuck it up, not only do you lose the value of the virtual asset, but you also spent money on energy that you are not going to get back. This creates a level of grounding. 
This is the primary basis on which Bitcoin achieves immutability; the idea that it is as computationally expensive to re-write the ledger for 3 days as the amount of energy you spent to write the ledger the first time for 3 days. It is one of the security guarantees that Bitcoin has - in order to re-write the ledger, you have to expend the energy again, but you receive the reward once. This makes it very very expensive to re-write even small stretches of the ledger. We do not know of a better basis for immutability that doesn't use energy, and I would challenge anyone who claims that there is.
-**The Nirvana fallacy - comparing Bitcoin to something perfect**
If this world produced all energy from renewable resources, and all energy is used for useful things, then perhaps we may look at Bitcoin and ask whether or not the value of Bitcoin is commensurate to the energy we are using. None of the journalists did even a cursory examination of what energy is being used for today. 
Let me give you just 3 examples: Bitcoin's energy use is *one hundreth* of the energy used in mining gold. Gold is integral to the monetary system that Bitcoin is directly trying to replace. There are also environmental costs of mining gold - from sulphuric acid leeching into rivers, denuding hills, destroying mountains, etc. A tiny fraction is being used for industrial use, the vast majority of gold is being held as store of value.
Let's take a look at things like Christmas lights. The entire electricity use of Bitcoin in a year pales in comparison to the 1 week of electricity being used to power Christmas lights in the US alone. There are additional effects such as light pollution, and the majority does not come from renewable resources. You can argue about the pointlessness of such tradition.
More practically, every charging device with a step-down converter sits plugged in and coverts electricity to heat. The estimated power this consumes is *2 orders of magnitudes* greater than what Bitcoin consumes. This is a worldwide phenomenon which is an enormous drain of energy. Cherry on top: the world's largest polluters and energy spenders are military; the main purpose they serve is to kill people.
We haven't even discussed the amount of energy required to support the existing banking system.
-**Journalistic dishonesty and sensationalism**
Spare me the righteous indignation of the environmental impact and waste of energy of cryptocurrencies - it is unscientific and completely hypocritical. All of the journalistic analysis goes like this: if it takes X kilowatts to conduct 1 transaction, and we took it to world scale, how much energy would that cost? They disregard that the energy used is completely unrelated to the # of transactions. The equivalent flawed thinking would be, "if this pregnant lady's belly is THIS large at 3 months, then in 5 years, it will be as big as this entire room." That is the exact scientific value of extrapolating something on a variable that is not dependent.
-**How are you sure of your numbers?**
We can estimate the lower bound of energy consumption, and say that it is unlikely that the real number is twice as much as the lower bound. The energy requirement to do a hash is a fundamental thermodynamic law. You're flipping bits, and they take a certain amount of energy to flip. You know the computational energy efficiency of 16nm ASIC-based chips. If you assume the network operates on this (which is incorrect, but again, lower bound estimate), and we know exactly how many hashes/sec are being calculated, because that's recorded on the blockchain, then we can calculate exactly how many joules of energy it takes. If you assume 50% of miners have 1 generation of miners behind (unlikely, because miners require optimisation), then it is at most 1.5x the lower bound of energy consumption.
It is easy to estimate the amount of energy being used in Bitcoin, which makes it an easy target. When you use your VISA card, you do not see the 600,000 employees who commute to work using gasoline-burning cars, the 26-story buildings which are lit 24 hours a day, data centers which are doing fraud prevention and analytics, as well as selling data to intelligence agencies and advertisers. All of this costs a lot of money and energy, and arguably just as "wasteful," but it's a hidden cost.
@_date: 2018-04-02 23:34:11
Spot on. I would also add in the "shadow tax" we pay on a debt-based currency which is inflated on the whim of a small coalition that does not represent the will of the people that they pretend to serve.  
Deficit spending is a mechanism of funding activities that the public didn't vote for (e.g. war), because there is always room on the budget if you can print money from thin air. "Paying off the debt" makes no sense, because there simply isn't enough money in the system to pay off the debt + interest, unless you print more money, creating more debt. It's no wonder the debt ceiling gets higher and higher every year.
@_date: 2018-04-11 00:38:54


Yes, you are correct, but there are some issues with it. CDIC was formed in 1967, before the end of Bretton Woods. Before 1971 (end of Bretton Woods), there was confidence that $100,000 was worth $100,000 in gold. 2007-2008 in the States revealed that when you don't anchor currency to a sound store of value, the bailout money which was backed by nothing ended up inflating the money supply, so your $100,000 will be worth less after the collapse. The bankers got to continue doing what they did, but this time with inflated money supply, and rinse and repeat. Rich keeps getting richer, poor gets poorer. Losses are socialised while gains are privatised. CDIC doesn't decentivise bankers from irresponsibly gambling with our money.


What was talking about was a fractional reserve ratio. He/she thought Canada had a 10% reserve requirement, but it's actually more ludicrous. Canada has 0%. Canada began phasing out cash reserve requirement in 1992 and removed it in 1994. If you are interested, see BOC Working Paper 97-8 (April 1997) "Implementation of Monetary Policy in a Regime with Zero Reserve Requirements" by Kevin Clinton.
What you're talking about are Basel III capital rules. This is a voluntary global framework, and although sources claim that Canada has taken steps to follow suite, this hasn't happened in practice.
@_date: 2018-04-08 16:58:59
I see what you're saying, but I think the potential may go much beyond cryptocurrency with atomic swaps and drivechains. 
Examples of non-currency use cases with dependencies outside of blockchain:
- [FOAM]( offers secure location services independent of external centralized sources such as GPS
- [Open Mined]( lets you own your own data to train AI models without ever letting a third party sell your information or breach privacy.
The way I see it, Ethereum offers a testbed for these applications, but if the application requires higher amounts of security/predictability, it would be 2-way pegged to Bitcoin. I'm open to differing opinions on this.
@_date: 2018-04-03 01:31:27
IMO, the best explanation of Lightning for a layman: [HERE](
You can think of Lightning like a wallet that keeps cash, which is convenient for everyday transactions. The base layer protocol (Blockchain) will be your secure storage vault.
You can use different wallets on Lightning, and here is one implementation of it: [Zap](
@_date: 2018-04-09 00:04:55
The immutability aspect comes from diversified participants in the protocol. Cryptography by itself isn't how security is achieved...I'm pretty sure about that
@_date: 2018-04-03 14:49:31
You'd be happy to know that UNICEF recognised this and is experimenting with some implementations of proof of impact and transparency. 
@_date: 2018-04-11 17:21:15
Yes, they did. And the community learned a lesson not to keep their Bitcoins on an exchange. Hardware wallets were innovated for offline storage. The average Joe no longer needed esoteric knowledge to keep their coins safe.
@_date: 2018-04-12 18:32:33


I don't think they have a good understanding of the network, or they have interest in suppressing Bitcoin.
Nodes secure the network because node operators are the consensus layer that enforces the miners. The nodes don't automatically trust the miners, the nodes have to verify the consensus rules to verify the miners. If the miners want to break the consensus rule, the honest nodes stop the breach from propagating.
Nodes are key to preventing miners from getting out of line. You vote on the consensus rules with your node.
Great video on that:
@_date: 2018-04-08 05:55:29
I think precursory knowledge of monetary history and understanding current monetary policy are necessary to understand why Bitcoin is Bitcoin. There are people who believe that we need "sound money," because the monetary system we have today does not work in the interests of the public.
@_date: 2018-04-01 02:49:57
No harm no foul =), I appreciation the response and discussion as well. I'm no economist by any measure; I come from the perspective of understanding healthcare and public spending as part of my profession in Ontario/Canada. We're all looking for solutions, and I'm interested in crypto because I think it holds a lot of keys to fixing infrastructure. The whole thing forces me to bend/wrap my mind around issues that I never thought of before. A technology that spawns: a completely new asset class, trustless platforms (removing 3rd party and counterparty risk), decentralised governance, new way of raising capital for projects, most (for now) completely scams.
IMO, and I could be wrong because I'm still researching as well, blockchains are best suited for the application of placing extreme importance on an individual being the sole owner of whatever it needs be. Bitcoin works for currency/store of value. Democracy.earth may let individuals be the sole owner of their own identity/vote - liquid democracy and governance in a truly trustless and decentralised fashion. Open Mined lets you own your own data to train AI models without ever letting a third party sell your information or breach privacy.
I think this technology in general will change us more than we think we know, and soon. And that's speculation
@_date: 2018-04-13 17:11:11


History has shown otherwise. If it were the case that miners decide on the rules, Segwit2X would've happened very differently. Covert ASICBoost would be the norm amongst other things. It's not just me saying this either, it's pretty clear that miners don't have as much power as you think, as long as you have a secondary consensus layer: nodes.


The rules wouldn't be in consensus if the majority of nodes don't agree with it. The entire point of having nodes is for NETWORK CONSENSUS. Miners are NOT to be trusted. If 90% of hashing power diverted to 32MB blocks, then my node would point to the 10%, because I want to run my own node to validate my own transactions, and I don't have the hardware to use the 32MB block. The fact that BCH took 20% of hashing power and is running majority of nodes through Hangzhou Alibaba cloud demonstrates that the community doesn't want it. That's the recourse.


I can name plenty of reasons. The miner's interests are not my own best interest. I don't know what rules they're following. I want to have a say in the consensus rules, so I can verify my own transactions without delegating trust to a miner. This system is all about trust minimisation, and trusting miners defeats the whole purporse.


Oh my, I think you have to reconsider this because you're working off the premise that nodes are worthless, while in actuality, they're a key part of the system.
@_date: 2018-04-13 16:49:59


Other people may define "full privacy" differently, but in this context, privacy = individual being the sole and sovereign owner of his/her data, and being the sole custodian of how much data he/she wants to reveal.


No. You're mixing private corporation vs crown corporation/government with privacy. Very different issues we're talking about. Facebook is private, and giving information to them is completely voluntary. The selling of personal data is their entire business model, and we've known about that for a while. Again, if an individual wants to reveal that much personal information to an intermediary like Facebook in return for their social networking services, then Libertarians generally respect the decision that the individual makes. IMO it's a foolish thing to do because your private information is worth a lot, but people have to learn. 


I don't think you know what libertarianism is if you think appealing to government is within the libertarian ethos. Let the free market uncover truths is what I believe. If Facebook has shown to be a bad actor as an intermediary of personal data, then the market will respond accordingly.
@_date: 2018-04-08 06:57:35
Agreed. But does that also mean that a lot of other non-currency "blockchain" projects are useless without the currency? How exactly does using Bitcoin as an anchor for sidechain utility tokens work?
@_date: 2018-04-16 17:00:59
Sounds unimpressive, but you wouldn't have been someone who did that in 2009 because most of us didn't have the foresight to understand why it matters, or the long term value of doing so. I know I overlooked Bitcoin the first time I read about it.
The people who recognised the value early and dedicated time for it should be rewarded.
@_date: 2018-04-25 19:02:19
The Bitcoin community has been talking about potential nation-state attacks on Bitcoin. Santi talks about how attacks are playing out in Venezuela, and how Bitcoin with other technologies can circumvent such attacks.
Discussion welcomed.
@_date: 2018-04-08 16:33:48
I get a lot of differing opinions when I talk with my friends about it. I wanted to see what the community thought, and it appears there is a range of opinion as well. I was pretty confident in my understanding, but at the same time, I wanted to verify what I knew to ask the next question about how incentives might work in sidechains and drivechains.
@_date: 2018-04-08 16:47:07
That was my line of thinking - I wasn't sure what security non-mining blockchains had. I posted the same to and had a [response which described how Drivechains](  have a solution to the sidechain security without having to re-build an equally strong network. I find it hard to wrap my head around though.
@_date: 2019-05-08 01:15:32
It's an excerpt in a chapter from the book, "Ethics of Money Production." 
@_date: 2019-05-28 17:53:00
Thanks! I'll check that out
@_date: 2018-12-24 20:23:16
Thank you =)
@_date: 2018-12-07 04:00:49
Thanks! Appreciate that
@_date: 2018-12-13 00:26:08
Thank you =D
@_date: 2018-12-01 21:15:49
It's good practice to use CoinJoin after taking coins off an exchange. This type of anonymity is about getting lost in the crowd - come join the crowd =D.
Thanks to all contributors to Wasabi.
@_date: 2018-12-06 20:21:26
Sorry, genuinely can't afford that =\
@_date: 2018-12-25 09:38:12
对不起, 我是 cbc =P
@_date: 2018-12-25 09:48:18
可以 link app?
Guys, he's saying that he generated private keys from Bitcoin Core wallet, then imported his private keys into an Electrum wallet on his cellphone, then his funds disappeared. I'm trying to see if the wallet he's linking to is malicious.
@_date: 2018-12-25 09:20:00
你可不可以给我 transaction id? Address?
@_date: 2018-12-08 19:15:15
No worries. Thanks for asking, really appreciate it!
I intend to release my video anyways. It might help with getting more attention so I can get it translated.
@_date: 2018-12-17 09:34:14
Thank you! Encouraging me to go into full-time meme-ing =D
@_date: 2019-05-07 04:42:02
*14 For an overview, see Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, Deflation—2002 Annual Report (May 9, 2003); R.C.K. Burdekin and P.L. Siklos, eds., Deflation: Current and Historical Perspectives (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2004). On the latter volume, see Nikolay Gertchev’s excellent review essay in Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics 9, no. 1 (2006): 89–96.*
*15 For recent Austrian analyses of deflation, see the special issue on “Deflation and Monetary Policy” in Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics 6. no. 4 (2003). See also Murray N. Rothbard, America’s Great Depression, 5th ed. (Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 2000), part 1; idem, Man, Economy, and State, 3rd ed. (Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 1993), pp. 863–65.*
*16 See George Selgin, Less Than Zero (London: Institute for Economic Affairs, 1997); Michael D. Bordo and Angela Redish, “Is Deflation Depressing? Evidence from the Classical Gold Standard,” NBER Working Paper  (Cambridge, Mass.: NBER, 2003); A. Atkeson and P.J. Kehoe, “Deflation and Depression: Is There an Empirical Link?” American Economic Review, Papers and Proceedings 94 (May 2004): 99–103.*
*17 One might argue that, even though deflation had no negative impact on production, the aforementioned redistribution is unacceptable from a moral point of view. We will discuss some aspects of this question in the second part of the present book, in the section dealing with the economics of legalized suspensions of payments.*
*18 See Joseph A. Schumpeter, Capitalism, Socialism, and Democracy (London: Allen &amp; Unwin, 1944), chap. 7.*
*19 For full detail see Mises, Human Action, esp. chap. 20; Murray N. Rothbard, Man, Economy, and State (Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 1993), chap. 11; Jesús Huerta de Soto, Money, Bank Credit, and Economic Cycles (Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 2006), chaps. 4–6.*
@_date: 2018-12-21 09:42:14
OG. I was introduced to the Chinese bitcoin scene before venturing into the Western scene. Had the pleasure to have one teach me the basics of BTC during an OTC trade. Then down the rabbit hole I went. There are some Chinese cypherpunk bros out there.
@_date: 2019-05-14 19:47:54
A conservative estimate of the lower bound of renewables powering  the Bitcoin network is 77.6%, making Bitcoin mining greener than  almost every other large-scale industry in the world.
@_date: 2018-12-23 19:16:53
Awesome stuff. Part 2 is even better: 
EDIT: Give credit where credit is due.  is the home base of this material. They have a pretty hilarious Star Wars parody, also about econ and politics.
@_date: 2018-12-17 09:33:20
Wow! Thank you so much =D
@_date: 2019-05-17 21:31:00
Hijacking top comment. Support the developers by buying BSQ tokens in Bisq. Your incentive: trading fees on Bisq are miniscule if using BSQ tokens instead of BTC (couple of cents).
@_date: 2019-05-07 04:41:55
***DEFLATION - The Ethics of Money Production by Jorg Guido Hulsmann***
Still another variant of the same basic fallacy that we just discussed is the alleged need to fight deflation. The word “deflation” can be defined in various ways. According to the most widely accepted definition today, deflation is a sustained decrease of the price level. Older authors have often used the expression “deflation” to denote a decreasing money supply, and some contemporary authors use it to characterize a decrease of the inflation rate. All of these definitions are acceptable, depending on the purpose of the analysis. **None of them, however, lends itself to justifying an artificial increase of the money supply**. The harmful character of deflation is today one of the sacred dogmas of monetary policy. **The champions of the fight against deflation usually present six arguments to make their case**^14
1. One, in their eyes it is a matter of historical experience that deflation has negative repercussions on aggregate production and, therefore, on the standard of living. To explain this presumed historical record, they hold, 
1. Two, that deflation incites the market participants to postpone buying because they speculate on ever lower prices. Furthermore, they consider, 
1. Three, that a declining price level makes it more difficult to service debts contracted at a higher price level in the past. These difficulties threaten to entail, 
1. Four, a crisis within the banking industry and thus a dramatic curtailment of credit. 
1. Five, they claim that deflation in conjunction with “sticky prices” results in unemployment. And finally, 
1. Six, they consider that deflation might reduce nominal interest rates to such an extent that a monetary policy of “cheap money,” to stimulate employment and production, would no longer be possible, because the interest rate cannot be decreased below zero.
**However, theoretical and empirical evidence substantiating these claims is either weak or lacking altogether.**^15 
***First***, in historical fact, deflation has had no clear negative impact on aggregate production. Long-term decreases of the price level did not systematically correlate with lower growth rates than those that prevailed in comparable periods and/or countries with increasing price levels. Even if we focus on deflationary shocks emanating from the financial system, **empirical evidence does not seem to warrant the general claim that deflation impairs long-run growth**.^16 
***Second***, it is true that unexpectedly strong deflation can incite people to postpone purchase decisions. However, this does not by any sort of necessity slow down aggregate production. Notice that, in the presence of deflationary tendencies, purchase decisions in general, and consumption in particular, does not come to a halt. For one thing, human beings act under the “constraint of the stomach.” Even the most neurotic misers, who cherish saving a penny above anything else, must make a minimum of purchases just to survive the next day. And all others—that is, the great majority of the population— will by and large buy just as many consumers’ goods as they would have bought in a nondeflationary environment. Even though they expect prices to decline ever further, they will buy goods and services at some point because they prefer enjoying these goods and services sooner rather than later (economists call this “time preference”). In actual fact, then, consumption will slow down only marginally in a deflationary environment. **And this marginal reduction of consumer spending, far from impairing aggregate production, will rather tend to increase it**. The simple fact is that all resources that are not used for consumption are saved; that is, they are available for investment and thus help to extend production in those areas that previously were not profitable enough to warrant investment.
***Third***, it is correct that deflation—especially unanticipated deflation—makes it more difficult to service debts contracted at a higher price level in the past. In the case of a massive deflation shock, widespread bankruptcy might result. Such consequences are certainly deplorable from the standpoint of the individual entrepreneurs and capitalists who own the firms, factories, and other productive assets when the deflationary shock hits. However, from the aggregate (social) point of view, it does not matter who controls the existing resources. What matters from this overall point of view is that resources remain intact and be used. Now the important point is that deflation does not destroy these resources physically. It merely diminishes their monetary value, which is why their present owners go bankrupt. **Thus deflation by and large boils down to a redistribution of productive assets from old owners to new owners.** The net impact on production is likely to be zero.
***Fourth***, it is true that deflation more or less directly threatens the banking industry, because deflation makes it more difficult for bank customers to repay their debts and because widespread business failures are likely to have a direct negative impact on the liquidity of banks. However, for the same reasons that we just discussed, while this might be devastating for some banks, it is not so for society as a whole. **The crucial point is that bank credit does not create resources; it channels existing resources into other businesses than those which would have used them if these credits had not existed**. It follows that a curtailment of bank credit does not destroy any resources; it simply entails a different employment of human beings and of the available land, factories, streets, and so on. In the light of the preceding considerations it appears that the problems entailed by deflation are much less formidable than they are in the opinion of present-day monetary authorities. Deflation certainly has much disruptive potential. However, as will become even more obvious in the following chapters, it mainly threatens institutions that are responsible for inflationary increases of the money supply. It reduces the wealth of fractional-reserve banks, and their customers— debt-ridden governments, entrepreneurs, and consumers. But as we have argued, such destruction liberates the underlying physical resources for new employment. The destruction entailed by deflation is therefore often “creative destruction” in the Schumpeterian sense^18.
***Fifth***. In the past eighty years, the sticky-prices argument has played an important role in monetary debates. According to this argument, the manipulation of the money supply might be a suitable instrument to re-establish a lost equilibrium on certain markets, most notably on the labor market. Suppose that powerful labor unions push up nominal wage rates in all industries to such an extent that entrepreneurs can no longer profitably employ a great part of the workforce at these wages. The result is mass unemployment. But if it were possible to substantially increase the money supply, then the selling prices of the entrepreneurs might rise enough to allow for the reintegration of the unemployed workers into the division of labor. Now, the argument goes, under a gold or silver standard, this kind of policy is impossible for purely technical reasons because the money supply is inflexible. Only a paper money provides the technical wherewithal to implement pro-employment policies. Thus we have here a prima facie justification for suppressing the natural commodity monies and supporting a paper money standard.
This argument grew into prominence during the 1920s in Austria, Germany, the United Kingdom, and other countries. After World War II, it became something like a dogma of economic policy. But this does not alter the fact that it is sheer fallacy, and it is not even difficult to see the root of the fallacy. The argument is in fact premised on the notion that monetary policy makers can constantly outsmart the labor unions. The managers of the printing press can again and again surprise the labor-union leaders through another round of expansionist
monetary policy. Clearly, this is a silly assumption and in retrospect it is very astonishing that responsible men could ever have taken it seriously. The labor unions were not fooled. Faced with the reality of expansionist monetary policy, they eventually increased their wage demands to compensate for the declining purchasing power of money. **The result was stagflation—high unemployment plus inflation—a phenomenon that in the past thirty years has come to plague countries with strong labor unions such as France and Germany**.
***Sixth***. Another widespread fallacy is the idea that paper money could help to decrease the interest rate, thus promoting economic growth. If new paper tickets are printed and then first offered on the credit market, so the argument goes, the supply of credit is increased and as a consequence the price of credit—interest—declines. Cheap money is now available for businessmen all over the country. They will invest more than they otherwise would have invested, and therefore economic growth will be enhanced.
There are actually a good number of different fallacies involved in this argument, and it is impossible for us to deal with all of them here.^19 [...] In short, economic growth is diminished below the level it could otherwise have reached. To sum up, it is by no means sure that politically induced increases of the money supply will lead to a decrease of the interest rate below the level it would have reached in a free economy. The success of cheap-money policy is especially unlikely when the policy is not adopted on an ad-hoc basis, but turned into a guiding principle of economic policy. But the fundamental objection to this policy is that it is counterproductive even if it succeeds in decreasing the interest rate. **The consequence would be more waste and thus less growth**.
@_date: 2018-12-13 19:33:05
That's pretty accurate. Deposits are just a record of public debt.
@_date: 2018-12-17 09:33:35
Thank you! Much appreciated
@_date: 2018-12-26 01:09:31
I got mine up with Pierre Rochard's tutorial: 
@_date: 2019-05-22 05:10:28
Even without the moon part, I'm all on board with the ideology.
@_date: 2018-12-27 20:02:02
I'm open to hearing the details of this allegation.
@_date: 2018-12-13 04:18:26
Thanks for the interest, but no. My aunt ended up helping me with it, but she's taking her sweet time.
@_date: 2018-04-19 21:19:50
They might have a $4.99 fee for doing that now
@_date: 2018-12-12 08:10:00
Hey, OP here! Looking for feedback on what parts of the video were good and what parts could be improved on. Thanks in advance!
@_date: 2018-12-03 22:22:31
Story: there was a vendor at the Vancouver Christmas market whose business model was to source trinkets from Guatemalan toy makers. We had a chat, I asked about how she's sending money to Guatamala, and found out that she's not fond of Western Union.
She had 2 concerns about using Bitcoin: Association with criminal activity and energy consumption.
We talked for a bit, I put to rest some qualms she had. She's willing to take another look at it.
Feels good to be well versed in BTC.
Edit: on the topic of energy consumption,  I pieced this together. 
The newest article about 77.8% renewable energy sources helped. Also, I spoke to some large scale miners at DTCL Vancouver who showed me their methane sourced operations.
On the topic of illicit activity: 
@_date: 2018-12-09 20:43:52
You need to know for yourself why you're buying bitcoin.
Here's a great resource page: 
@_date: 2018-12-17 18:38:52
Thank you very much =)
@_date: 2019-05-05 00:13:34
Fellow Canuck here. I was following 3iQ for a while. I was more willing to use their services when they were only Bitcoin in 2016. 
They are now a mixed basket of garbage coins, and they don't respond to my emails. 
W/e, I'm better off just holding the bitcoin anyways.
@_date: 2018-12-28 04:37:40
Thanks for posting these. I haven't seen some of his older stuff. I've always thought of Trace as an upstanding, sharp dude - was surprised what some people were alleging.
@_date: 2019-05-28 02:03:49


People used to save up for large purchases, and borrowing was done at higher interest rates when banks had something to lose when lending precariously.
The idea of saving to buy a house was in fact the norm in the 19th and early 20th century.


I think the point is bigger than just moving money around, "channels existing resources into other businesses than those which would have used them if these credits had not existed." I'm in favour of full reserve banking.
@_date: 2018-12-24 20:02:12
What a time to be alive. LN went from unusable for non-technical persons to few-click installers in under a year. I’m a non-technical person, and I’m withdrawing satoshis off Reddit's lntipbot and drawing on Satoshi's Place with my own full node. 
Thanks to Pierre Rochard for this tutorial: 
Shout out to Jack Mallers for the Zap interface. Beautiful. If there’s a request, when I close a channel, I’d like to see a timer/countdown until my satoshis are released back to me.
I added my 2 satoshis on "我們的世界." Which means, "This is our world."
Merry Christmas! 