@_author: localbtctrader
@_date: 2016-04-28 00:11:27
Nope, a confirmation is basically when the next block is found, assuming they add your transaction to the block.
Bitcoin is tuned so that on average a block is found every 10 minutes. But since mining works by basically brute force guessing a number, it's based a lot on luck and can vary wildly. You can see when the last blocks were found on the front page of any block explorer like 
@_date: 2016-04-27 22:42:52
I do a lot of local bitcoin trading for cash, nobody has ever tried a doublespend on me. I'd just wait for 1 confirmation, it would take a lot more than $10k of effort to pull off creating a fork.
@_date: 2017-10-18 16:12:56
It's easy to forget that the real world isn't as full of con artists as the online one. I've never had anything remotely violent either, and almost 100% are friendly and smiling.
@_date: 2017-10-18 05:37:20
I've done trades with 160 different people locally for cash since 2014 (about 800 trades), and this is so true! The experience is so much fun, and even if I barely make any profit, it makes it worth it.
I'll share some of mine from the past 3 years of local cash trading to keep this going:
* A banker shows up in a suit to buy from me, says he's buying for himself.
* Some rich guy drives up in a Tesla, and sells some bitcoin to me, saying he likes to keep secret money from his wife.
* One guy bought from me, and he lived in his car. We met at a Mcdonalds and I watch him go up to the counter and ask for free fries, like if they had any stale ones. wtf? He said he buys gift cards with bitcoin and lives off that. I don't know how that makes sense since I was charging him 4% above market rate for the bitcoins.
* A prostitute, who bought a tiny amount, and she paid me with a $20 bill that she pulls out of her cleavage. This was around that time backpage.com only took bitcoins, so I assume it was so she paid for ads with it. I actually got a few hos during that time, but only one gave me tit money!
* 2 different people told me they buried money in their backyards. One was a disabled vet, and the other was just an old guy that did electrician work on the side for cash and didn't want to report it as income.
* One was this paranoid guy that for some reason trusted me and invited me to his house. He was a nice guy and we chatted for hours. His mom died that year, and he got her house as inheritance. He got like $500k for it, and he said after he deposited the escrow check, he went to the bank and withdrew $300k of cash. It took them a week to get the cash but they did it. He ended up buying like $10k worth from me. He had it in a safe in the other room. I don't know if any of what he said was true, but if he was lying to me, he was a good storyteller, and was really entertaining. :)
* An early adopter that had bought many years ago and was sitting on $400k worth.
* One guy wanted to buy $50k a month, I had to decline since I'm not that big of a player! The guy looked mafia.
* One guy had me meet him at a resturant parking lot, he messages me "There's a black Mercades, I'll pop the trunk remotely, inside is a paper bag with the money. Take the money and send the bitcoins to ______". I was so amused by it, that I actually did it, I mean they're the one taking the risk! The same guy had me meet him at a massage parlor with lots of Asian girls there, and he had one of the girls hand me the money. They later ripped me off and got me to send some bitcoins and I would meet them later. But I just let it go, I'm not gangsta enough to mess with what might be some kind of mafia shit!
* I've sold bitcoins to 3 different people that were hit by ransomware. I can always tell those when they specifically want a certain amount of bitcoins, and not just $100 worth. When I find out it's for ransomware I sell to them at cost.
That's all I can think of off the top of my head. I've traded with some "Bitcoin famous" people, but I can't share those for obvious reasons. I tried my best to not share anything that identifies anyone.
@_date: 2017-10-18 16:09:51
Never use escrow for cash trades, that is only a benefit for online trades. Since you're getting cash, you don't send bitcoins until they give the cash, and nobody leaves until both parties are satisfied.
We meet in person, usually at a Starbucks. The protocol I use is:
1. They show me the money, but don't hand it to me.
2. I release the bitcoins to them (usually I pay direct to avoid the Localbitcoins 1% fee)
3. They hand me the money.
4. I count the money. ALWAYS DO THIS, even if I trust them, in case there's an honest mistake. It's awkward to contact them saying they were short, so better to avoid that and count it.
5. We shake hands and leave.
Some people say things like don't put it your pocket, but I just have the rule that I don't stand up until the deal is done.
@_date: 2017-10-18 08:57:20
As to watch percentage, I do around 3-6% depending on the amount. If they're a reliable buyer that buys a lot, they get the cheaper rate. For a pen, I'm not an expert, I just got whatever they had at staples. What is more useful IMO is to google up the security features of bills, everytime I ran into an actual counterfeit, it was really obvious when you examined it closely. The paper didn't feel right, the ink was too dark. I've never bought btc from someone and had them later tell me any of the bills were no good, but I can never be 100% sure none slipped past me.
Also oddly enough, I've never had anything even close to violence ever. It's probably the area I'm in though.
I'd check to see how your state is too. If you're in New York, I'd be really scared. If you find literally nobody else on localbitcoins doing cash trades in your state, there might be a reason. Just be careful!
@_date: 2017-10-19 17:53:57
I'm not sure what the first question means, I accept everyone unless they outright tell me they're going to do illegal things, then I have to tell them no deal.
Putting in pocket is ok, we're in a public place after all.
I've never had the other person get up after I sent. Not to say it can't happen.
And this part is controversial, but I don't even wait for a confirmation if I'm buying, nobody has ever tried a doublespend on me. Again, that doesn't mean it can't happen. But I would say that even 1 confirm is enough if it's a large amount and you want to feel safe about it. I never ever give anyone shit if they want to wait for a confirmation, I consider it their right.
note: I'm not trying to tell anyone what "the standard" is, I can only speak to what I do and what has worked for me.
@_date: 2017-10-18 08:22:09
I'm embarrassed to admit how much, considering how many red flags there were. He would buy a lot every other day, and I was making so much off him, I foolishly thought he wouldn't burn his main source. I've made a few stupid mistakes early on, such as not spotting counterfeit bills. One time I had a bitcoin address in my clipboard on my PC, and I pasted an address from a trade I did earlier in the day. I never heard from the recipient again, so I lost $60 from that mistake. These mistakes only made me motivated to be wiser.
@_date: 2017-10-18 08:40:09
I know, right? I remember thinking that when I first saw all the local ads on localbitcoins, and wondering what idiots are paying 7% over market rate? I charge like 4-5%, but still that's a lot. One reason people buy from local trades is they are impatient, and want to buy a lot RIGHT NOW. There's bitcoin ATMs all over, but they charge like 15%.
Coinbase makes you wait for the deposit to clear, so these people are afraid they'll miss out if they have to wait. Also they limit you to like $300 a day or something stupid, so I'm the only option for people wanting to buy $5k or more and get it instantly.
My evidence for why I think they're legit is they have me send the bitcoins to their coinbase wallet. That is assuming I'm unsuccessful in talking them out of it.
I should point out that I just listed the most interesting people I could remember, and shady people are interesting!
Another thing I noticed is the people I'd deal with got considerably less shady over time, it's been a year since I've sold to anyone that I would judge as sketchy. All of those people I listed in that comment that were sketchy were trades over a year ago. I'm pretty happy about that, I think Bitcoin is growing up!
