@_author: localbitcoinmarket
@_date: 2013-12-03 07:01:29
Thank you judah_mu!  I plan on initially doing exactly this.  I realize my most valuable service will initially be the ability for locals in my area to contact me and have access to a trusted reputable source to sell their bitcoins in exchange for cash.  Hopefully this is what the LocalBitcoinMarket will thrive on.  This also is one of the most critical unmet needs our community needs to devolve.  
@_date: 2013-12-07 22:54:36
My thoughts in the post and dealings with people locally helped me come to an important realization.  The media and other powerful forces are really helping steer the conversion about bitcoin entirely in the wrong direction. It's become entirely about investing in bitcoin and bitcoin vs other currency.  That's not what it's about!  It's about it's viability as a means of exchange.  Why in the hell would you not like the service that bitcoin has to offer?  People hate the credit card companies.  They hate them with a passion but the minute an alternative arises they do nothing but bash and belittle it.  It almost blows your mind.  How is it possible that people are reacting this way?  I think it's created entirely by the media and other forces to steer the conversation into a type of investment discussion.  That's not what it is about!
Bitcoin is a service available to you!  It's virtually free to use and the most powerful means of money transfer the digital world has been able to offer us.  There's no company selling you a bitcoin wallet.  They're offering it to you for free.  And people are complaining??  Does anyone else see how stupid this is?
@_date: 2013-12-03 06:12:44
I hope that my business venture will appeal to you all.  There's very few if any industries where a single individual could hope to launch something like this completely reliant on the internet and contacts I have made.  I really have no idea if I'll be able to raise the $2500 to begin offering services but I love the ability of the group fundraising to help the cause.  That way if I receive no interest or am not able to raise the necessary funds everyone who donates will be able to easily be refunded.  I realize that any venture I start relies on the blind trust of everyone supporting but this is one of the beautiful things I love about Bitcoin.  It's only a matter of time before people begin offering the same services I am attempting to.  Only a matter of time before a safe reliable bitcoin exchange begins to emerge.  The reason being is that their is a demand for it.  I'm hoping to be one of the first adopters to bring this to people interested on a local level.  
@_date: 2013-12-03 06:42:57
I honestly believe 90% of my donations from GoFundMe will be a result of my close friends and family making small donations around $20.  While it's entirely possible for me to not use a penny of this to actually benefit the Bitcoin community everyone who helps support the idea is putting the same trust in me that the entire digital currency system is built upon.  I'm more than happy to make this venture as transparent as possible. I would love to be able to share any all developments with anyone interested.  I also hope to reach a level of profitability that enables me to use funds to reach out to everyone donating on GoFundMe and return the initial donation if more funds become available.  Maybe at the very least I am able to accomplish something that shows that the human element is what makes Bitcoin something truly special.  
@_date: 2013-12-06 06:40:09
I'll also leave this here.  It's the note I've created on my Facebook page.  I'll probably continue to update it on a regular basis with news stories related to bitcoin.  It's pretty cool just today there was a great article on a small town in Kentucky that the local police chief was requesting to be paid in Bitcoin.  Hope more great news is on the horizon.  
"""If digital currency becomes a widespread form of payment at local merchants and a popular means of transfering cash quickly there will an unmet market demand for local services.  The only infrastructure for providing the withdrawal of cash on a timely basis is provided by the banking systems.  Until market forces provide services like digital currency ATMs I believe a Local Bitcoin Market could create value for the digital currency and bitcoin market.  Bitcoin is an open source and peer-to-peer supported system so Local Bitcoin Market wants to colloborate as much as possible with members of the bitcoin community to identify all areas that we can provide local support on a personal level.  Together we can help add value and further the progression of digital currency as a viable store of value and medium of exchange.  The internet has changed many aspects of our lives.  Why not currency?
 
Any discussion on services Local Bitcoin Market can offer would be a tremendous help to us.  Feel free to let us know any thoughts you have about digital currency and bitcoin in general!  
 
Local Bitcoin Market"""
If anyone would like to help get the discussion started maybe local people will join in.  I've had great results so far getting the message out on Facebook.  I've only spent around $30 boosting these posts.  It's amazing what a little money promoting on Facebook is able to achieve.  
 
@_date: 2013-12-06 07:05:31
My biggest problem is trying to get input and advice on the services people would like to see and the same time try to help raise money to start it.  I'll be honest this is my last year of college and I'm broke haha.  I really can't make much of an impact at all.  I'd love to start buying and selling bitcoins tomorrow but I've got about $100 worth so that would quickly be gone.  I'd love to update Reddit on the process!  You're right 83 Likes so far and my post reach has grown to about 2000 views.  So people are interested and people do seem to really want the concept to take off in Lexington.  Just ignore the funding information and I am more than willing to spend the next month gathering ideas on what I can do.  Do you understand what I mean by providing value to the overall market?  If I can provide services like face to face exchanges that is a huge boost to the overall liquidity.  Imagine if every city in the country had trustworthy and personal small ventures where they could sell or buy bitcoins.  The biggest problem now is cashing out and going through shady exchanges.  A local solution could be a great way to speed adoption until more trustworthy and better funded exchanges help increase liquidity.  
@_date: 2013-12-06 07:13:11
Midoridrops I thought I would mention this after I saw your edit.  I'm currently working for a mobile wallet start up company based at 7 college campuses nationwide with over 100 merchants.  We offer a similar service to bitpay and have had great success starting in Lexington over two months ago.  Depending on the success of my Facebook page and interests locally in bitcoin I would love to see them integrate this into the app.  Mobile wallet companies are what will help bring bitcoin to the national level.  
Check it out!
@_date: 2013-12-03 06:03:42
Thank you all!  I believe I've received 1 like already from posting here at Reddit.  This is my first experience with this forum so greetings everyone.  If anyone would like to contact me directly on facebook or would like to chat I would be than happy to give you my number or exchange emails.  
@_date: 2013-12-03 06:56:38
Thank you very much!  I have no idea where this will take me but I can always look back at this thread to know where it all started.  
@_date: 2013-12-03 07:05:59
The internet does deliver us amazing ways to see the growth of ventures like I am trying to start from the very first hour of conception.  Imagine if Steve Jobs was tweeting out developments him and his friends were making as they were able to launch apple from their garage.  I realize that expecting something on that scale is astronomically difficult but we really never have any idea the impact each of us can make.  Thank you for being here, "just in case" :)
@_date: 2013-12-07 23:09:34
I posted the following to a forum I frequent to maybe help explain what I'm talking about a little further.  
"Why are so many people so negative about Bitcoin in general? It really just blows my mind. It's like they hate the idea. There's now a currency not backed by the government and a means of exchange free from the credit card companies and big government. And people hate the idea!? What is wrong with people? You're being offered something completely free. It's not like there's a company selling bitcoin wallets requiring a monthly fee or something to that effect.
It's like bashing Linux or other open source operating systems. It just makes no sense to me. They're a free open source alternative to Microsoft and Apple provided to you free of charge through the collaboration of people volunteering their own time and effort. 
I think it's probably due to the corporate culture here in the United States especially. The minute their is a free and viable alternative people simply do not know how to look at it. They can't wrap their head around it.
Imagine I open a free restaurant here in my home town. You can be positive their will be a backlash and resentment from the restaurant community but would you expect that from the people? Obviously the idea would make the restaurant enormously popular. Their would be so many people who would like to eat their I would see huge bubble like growth. I'd be able to open these all over the country. Even the world. Would people bash this concept the entire way complaining about how my restaurants are a giant bubble. I'm not eating their because it's a bubble. It just doesn't look safe. 
People get a grip! The government and credit card companies do not have to be their to hold your hand. Believe it or not you can own a computer without buying an operating system from Apple or Microsoft. You can exchange money digitally without Paypal or the credit card companies holding your hand. The reason is because of encryption. It allows for safety in the same way that government provides security by backing up the value of what they print. You don't need the government to hold your hand in every aspect of your life."
@_date: 2013-12-03 09:35:20
Gread ideas in this article.  
"My biggest problem with Bitcoin is how do I get out of Bitcoin.  I know that I can get out of Bitcoin on one of the exchanges or maybe buy something online with Bitcoin (that is a trade..right?).  What if I need cash now?
It’s About the Exits
The problem I remember from options trading is finding the exits when you have to get out..not when you want to get out..when you HAVE to get out.  Cash.  Where do I go to get out?  No, I do not want the money to be wired through my bank.  No, I do not want the money to go to PayPal. Until most places that I use take Bitcoin it will have to be cash. Where are the New Bitcoin Banks going to come from? Bitches gotta get paid."
"It’s About the Customer
The businesses that I suggest to be the New Bitcoin Banks really need Bitcoin.  Many of the customers at these business do not have a bank account and/or do not want their money to be traced.  It seems like a pretty good fit for both the customer and the business."
@_date: 2013-12-03 06:55:24
Initially my goal is to provide local transactions similar to localbitcoins.  Having a safe and secure option for a local bitcoin purchase or sale is one of the biggest unmet needs for the bitcoin purchase.  I put my trust in a random stranger on the phone hundreds of miles away and made my first bitcoin purchase.  I want to be one of the first companies with a visible and local presence in the bitcoin market.  
Imagine if my bitcoin purchase today was as easy as walking into a nearby bitcoin "bank."  The customer could provide a cash deposit to an actual business whose reputation relies solely on being as transparent and reputable as possible.  Not only could the merchant provide the unmet need of an instant and easy way to buy or sell bitcoins.  But they also could provide a level of customer service that customers can see value in.  I could provide bitcoin materials and other information to increase the knowledge of the community as a whole.  This is my initial idea for a service that will be unmet until bitcoin atms become more prevalent.  The possibilities from that point will rely entirely on other areas that the bitcoin community as a whole demands on a local level.  
I would love to email or call anyone who has any questions for me.  The input of the bitcoin community as a whole is the most valuable asset I have if I would like to truly develop something special.