@_author: localhorse
@_date: 2011-09-07 04:55:16
I understand what you described, but what you're telling me is that you verify that I *have* both a Facebook account and a Google account and that they corroborate each other's story. That doesn't tell you who I am any more than either account on its own, particularly the Checkout account that has my payment/billing information.
I'm just trying to elaborate on my first post, and that is I will never sign up if your site requires one of these things: a) more information than is necessary for the transaction, or b) a Facebook account, which is *almost always more information than is necessary for the transaction*.
Judging by some of the responses in this thread, others agree. If you want to require a Facebook account for your site, that's completely fine - but don't act like it's a security feature when it's not. It doesn't protect my data in any way, and in fact it does just the opposite.
All I'm saying is that I would personally be much more interested in using your service if you required only a Google Checkout account, which is all you technically need for the transaction. I think you would probably have a lot more luck getting people to use it.
EDIT: I also don't think that verifying how old the account is or when it's been edited really tells you anything. It's not that I'm saying you don't have the right to require that - I'm just trying to say that personally it sounds like you *want* my Facebook information rather than need it. Which is fine. Just don't expect me to use your service. (And I expect you'll find a lot people - particularly Bitcoin users - that might agree.)
@_date: 2011-09-07 03:18:24
But it's not really authentication. You don't know if I made up that Facebook account. My "real" Facebook account wouldn't be tied in any way to my Google account, at least not in any way that you can verify.
And presumably Google Checkout's API tells you - insofar as you're concerned - that I am who I say I am, when I sign into your site with my Google account, no?
I apologize if I'm being dense, but how does my Facebook account help you verify my identity?
@_date: 2011-09-07 02:50:28
This is my feedback, as well. I'm very interested to find out what it's all about - but I'll probably never sign up.
Now, if it was my Google account, which would already be involved in my Google Checkout transaction, I might try it out.
EDIT: Furthermore, the following (from the site) doesn't make much sense... can you explain this?


How does this help avoid fraud, exactly?
@_date: 2011-09-07 06:08:06


If I stole someone's account information, I could easily make a fake Facebook page that displays the information on the stolen account, information that I *already have access to*. Why your supposed attacker wouldn't have done this is a mystery. 
Besides, how could you possibly verify that it *wasn't* a legitimate account? Was there a chargeback? In that case, your security failed. If there wasn't, you don't know whether or not it was a legitimate account because the client wouldn't necessarily use their real, legal name on their Facebook account. The only *actual* information is their billing information, which is attached to the Google account.
You also say that it was an "attempted" transaction. The only reason it wouldn't have gone through is if the billing information was invalid. Unless you got a chargeback, which as I addressed earlier means that your security had already failed.
I'm having a hard time believing this.


Couldn't this just as easily happen if I used my real name on my Facebook account?
I'm honestly trying to give constructive criticism here. I think this would be a great service. But it seems like you may either be confused about how you're going to prevent fraud, or you're trying to grab a quick buck by doing something completely different with the Facebook account. Either way, it's a shame.
@_date: 2011-06-28 04:41:47
I'd love to hear more details about it - can you guys discuss it in this thread? (Unless there's overly private info that needs to be covered.)
What's the MyBitCoin SCI? Are there any shopping cart solutions out there at the moment that don't require the use of a 3rd party? (Shopping cart tallies up the charges, and issues the receipt upon confirmation of the transaction?)
EDIT: Spelling error.
@_date: 2011-07-10 23:50:30
Doesn't the Bitcoin client's 'transaction fee' speed the confirmations up a bit? Or is this not how it works? Apologies if I sound ignorant about Bitcoin - it's because I am.
