@_author: lockeslabor
@_date: 2014-07-19 02:08:44
200.19(g) “Licensees are prohibited from engaging in fraudulent activity and customers of Licensees that are victims of fraud shall be entitled to claim compensation from any trust account, bond, or insurance policy maintained by the Licensee. . . ." A little clarity here. Does this right apply only to fraud committed by the virtual currency service provider or does it also cover fraud by the counterparty? 
@_date: 2014-07-18 18:09:59
One part of this proposal that is particularly decisive for that fate of Bitcoin and other virtual currencies (“VCs”) and is the recordkeeping requirement under 200.12(a)(1) which includes "the names, account numbers, and physical addresses of the parties to the transaction". As we know, the owner of a bitcoin address is hard to verify.  The question is who is responsible for this verification: the customer or the VC service provider. 
In the case of the former, the customer would simply assure the institution that the destination address is either controlled by the customer or some other named party. Naturally, for anti-money laundering (“AML”) laws, such verification is insufficient. The customer may either lie or receive the money himself and then transmit it to another party perhaps using obfuscation services. Instead, this means of verification would be for customer recordkeeping purposes: a means to review past payments. 
In the case that the VC service provider is responsible for verifying this information, the effect would be to centralize the decentralized currency. The only reasonable means of conducting such verification would be to request it from a trusted institution that follows know-your-customer rules. In other words, the VC service provider could only transmit VC to another VC service provider. At the very least, citizens of New York could never receive virtual currency in their personal wallet from their own VC service provider. It would be like owning a bank account, but never being able to withdraw cash and walk away.
So the question I pose is: can we find a balance between these two extremes? What sort of means of verification is acceptable for AML purposes without surrendering too much privacy and financial freedom? Otherwise, the government must choose between customer and service provider verification. If these questions go unanswered, we may wish for the former, but I fear we will receive the latter.
