@_author: locrypto
@_date: 2014-09-26 03:26:00
Because they are linked to all the time on and they show up a lot on my android app (bitcoin buzzfeed). Yes I could go out of my way not to click these links but, like you, I occasionally click through to their articles. Your logic seems a little silly. I'm not sure if your questions are serious or if you are just trying get a rise out of me but i'll take them at face value. I don't care so much because I feel I'm forced into paying attention to what coindesk says. I care because they are a prominent voice in the Bitcoin space and many people in the bitcoin world, new to the bitcoin world, and outside of the bitcoin world do pay attention to what they say. I have the same problem with Coindesk as I do with Fox or MSNBC, I think they are not very professional and more than a little bit biased.
@_date: 2014-12-17 06:32:22
please explain?
@_date: 2014-09-30 17:15:21
You don't need a cell phone number. Any number will do (see k7.net for how you can get one for free).
@_date: 2014-12-24 22:55:48
I don't imagine you can provide a SOURCE?
Because this source has a list of 18 major respected scientific associations which support the findings of the Intergovernmental panel on climate change that state that "Observations throughout the world make it clear that climate change is occurring, and rigorous scientific research demonstrates that the greenhouse gases emitted by human activities are the primary driver"
SOURCE: 
@_date: 2014-12-24 23:01:54
Wow, I didn't either. I think of libertarians as more of a principled thinking bunch than mainstream conservatives (and many mainstream liberals for that matter) but on this issue they seem to be pretty lock step with eachother.
@_date: 2014-09-26 03:27:52
I have no problem with the BPI. I don't completely hate them. I just think their reporting is lacking.
@_date: 2014-11-03 06:05:27
He asked about taxation not regulation.
@_date: 2014-10-03 16:48:41
No, not really actually. I was speaking generally and trying to be polite. I didn't want to write off all crypto writers and news sources. But personally I don't have any go to sources. Mostly I get my news from Reddit and the Bitcoin Buzzfeed app for android. I have come across some good articles (usually blogs and editorial style pieces). Compared with the competition I like Bitcoin Magazine articles but they aren't really a daily news source. For a while I liked CCN but after reading them for a while they seem to be pretty much the same as Coindesk. In terms of mainstrem I tend to read WSJ Bit Beat and Business Insider and sometimes Forbes. This is as much because of the exposure their articles get on Reddit as it is because of the quality. But I do think they are better than a lot of other mainstream sources and it is useful to pay attention to what mainstream media is saying about bitcoin. CCN and Coindesk aren't the worst sources out there and help introduce new users to bitcoin, but at this point in Bitcoins history its time some more rigorous reporting standards were applied to bitcoin-centric media.
But really, as I said in the OP there is a lack of good news sources especially for descriptive/objective and investigative stories. Right now my strategy is to get my news from many different sources and try to distill a balanced perspective from that.
@_date: 2014-11-03 06:09:16
political ideology aside, the kid just asked a question for a project he is doing. He is not "trying to take property against people's will."
@_date: 2014-07-12 17:05:49
I don't think I accidentally uninstalled it but I could've done something else stupid. I'm running a custom ROM  (CM11 which is still in beta) on an unlocked and rooted phone. So don't let my experience scare you away from android altogether, I'm sure its just as stable as Iphone/Blackberry/WindowsMobile/etc. I would rather have a possibly less stable, but open source, and privacy friendly ROM on my phone than give Google/Govt/3rd Parties, access to everything on my phone. This is the only problem I have ever had with my phone and unfortunately it happened just 2 days after I decided to install a 2fa app and only affected that app afaik.
@_date: 2014-07-12 16:42:44
Forgive my less than technical talk, I'm moderately tech savvy but pretty new to android/mobile in general. I'm not certain that the app has been uninstalled, it just disappeared. Someone said that I probably accidentally uninstalled the app. While I think user error is just as likely or more likely than a technical glitch, I know how to install and uninstall apps and I didn't accidentally uninstall it through normal channels. The app just disappeared from the Apps list and my home screen within a day of updating to the latest version of the Cyanogenmod ROM. So I believe some of the data could still be on the phone just hidden. One reason I think this is the case is that I cannot reinstall the FreeOTP app, I get an "error code 110" message. I tried searching for the app or app data in the file manager by searching relevant terms (e.g. freeotp, mintpal, bitfinex, etc) but nothing useful came up except a png file of the freeotp logo.
In other news, I was able to regain access to my Bitfinex account with the help of their customer support.But I still cannot access my Mintpal or Blockchain Accounts. Blockchain is no big deal because I only have a few mBTC on there but I have considerably more on Mintpal.
@_date: 2014-12-24 18:04:34
We already have more (unwarranted) skepticism than any other developed country. 97% of climate scientists feel climate change is very likely caused mainly by human activity.
Skepticism is not a bad thing in itself, but why do you and so many in the U.S. focus your skepticism on climate change and refuse to acknowledge the findings of the scientific community?
P.S. Climate change should be and truly is  a non-partisan issue.
@_date: 2014-07-12 17:09:00
I have access to my blockchain account through the mobile app, I haven't found a way to turn off 2fa yet. Does anyone know if this is possible?
@_date: 2014-10-06 18:16:33
The whole thing is good, so beginning to end or as much as you want. Its insane that this legalized corruption is allowed to persist. I love how Oliver/Stewart/Colbert can be so funyn while showing us the the insanity of our system at the same time.
@_date: 2014-12-24 23:08:36
That is a really interesting piece of info. However, if you dig a little deeper the statistic should be understood in the context of the decline of American manufacturing and the reality that most of what we consume is produced in factories overseas. So while North America consumes more c02 than it emits, I don't think it consumes more c02 than it causes to be produced.
@_date: 2014-12-24 17:58:11
Beyond climate change, there are many valid reasons to hate and distrust ALEC. Do a little research, they are one of the more shady lobbying groups out there. I can't imagine standing behind them whether conservative or progressive.
@_date: 2014-10-21 01:01:22
Most of the people who used and trusted Mt Gox weren't involved with so called "shitcoins" either. As already pointed out it was BTC that were lost not altcoins. Bitcoin, Altcoins, and conventional banks have all been the victim of major scams, hacks, and  fraud.
Try using your head a little and actually looking at the facts instead of just twisting the situation to fit your agenda.
@_date: 2014-09-26 03:32:53
Coindesks articles frequently lack substance and usually cheerlead for Bitcoin. I'm a big supporter of Bitcoin and have invested time and money into it, I believe in it. But this doesn't mean I want I want my bitcoin news sources to always hype it up. I want honest, unbiased reporting with some depth and substance. Coindesk could be something good. They are well known in the bitcoin community and with outsiders, they have a nice professional looking site, they have the BPI, and they have name recognition. But there is a lot they could do better.
@_date: 2014-12-24 22:16:25
here. here.
@_date: 2014-12-16 19:45:56
Thanks that is a great list! 
Although I did notice that lots of the organizations I posted are not on that list yet so we still have work to do.
@_date: 2014-10-03 17:08:43
I'd like to check it out, do you have a link?
@_date: 2014-10-22 22:58:23
While you are correct about the risk to a degree. I think its worth noting that most of the criticisms you just listed are the same criticisms that the mainstream media and outsiders make of bitcoin. 
Trading Altcoins is risky yes. But so was (and is) trading bitcoin. Yes, people took a big risk trading in altcoins in the hopes that they would make some money but this is completely true of many people involved in bitcoin right now and in the past. Some of the exchanges are shady and none of them are well established but this was the case with bitcoin at one time also.
I hold 95% bitcoin and I understand there is risk involved. the remaining 5% is spread between 3-4 other cryptocerrencies which is also risky. I put my money in other cryptocurrencies because I believe in them, I think they offer something bitcoin doesn't, I think they complement bitcoin, or I think they will appreciate in value.
I'm tired of people using the same arguments that people make about bitcoin to discredit altcoins. You don't want to invest in them fine. But don't forget about Mt. Gox and all the other smaller scams and failures we in the Bitcoin community have encountered along the way. And don't pretend like many or most of the people involved in bitcoin aren't looking to make money on their investment. Sometimes when I hear people from the bitcoin community talking about alts it almost sounds like people from conventional banking talking about bitcoin ("its so risky," "its amateur," "its just a bunch of people hoping to get rich," "too many scams" "underdeveloped infrastructure,").
/End Rant
Yes keeping money on an altcoin exchange is inherently risky ask the people who had money on mt gox how much less risky keeping money on a bitcoin exchange is. Some in the bitcoin community sound like conventional bankers when they talk about altcoins. We are on the cutting edge of the financial system risk is part of the game but don't pretend bitcoin is immune from it. I personally like the risk, high stakes, and 'frontier feel' of bitcoin and other serious cryptos.
@_date: 2014-07-12 19:18:31
i believe so
@_date: 2014-09-26 02:59:27
I sent em an email.
In 3-5 years he probably won't ever remember he ever had a problem with Bitcoin in the first place. And if he does, he'll be coming up with ways to justify it.
@_date: 2014-12-24 22:46:21
First, My intention is not to sound intelligent.
Second, I fail to see how quoting NASA, and over 18 *respected* scientific associations including the (non-partisan) AMA, AGU, APS, AMS, AAAS and IPCC (most recognized, respected, scientific panel on climate change) is dogmatic or unscientific. Your assertion is just silly.
Source: 
The IPCC has released their 5th assessment on climate change. An 1820 page scientific report, authored by over 300 scientists and experts, reviewed by 1729 experts, 49 countries, and with almost 50,000 review comments. In short the report concludes that it is "very likely" (strong words for the IPCC) that climate change is happening and is caused mainly by human activity. This is the leading body on climate research. They are very conservative in their research and their language.
Source: 
(full report and executive summary)
So all that being said. Please tell me.
1. How is the 97% figure misleading or manipulative?
2. If you do disagree with most major scientific organizations and the majority of the climate science community, where do you get your information and how do you support your position?
"Please inform yourself a little bit"
I would urge you to do the same... and please stop spreading misinformation because it is what you want to believe and what you've been told to believe by biased news sources and organizations backed by BP and the companies that stand to lose the most.
@_date: 2014-10-21 01:18:07
I did use the exchange in question. All my money (less than 1 btc) was in Alts and I was able to get my money out yesterday with no trouble at all. It wasn't until this evening that I even knew there was a problem with missing coins. 
I love the "wild west" aspect of bitcoin &amp; cryptocurrency but I am getting tired of how many scammers and crooks it attracts.
@_date: 2014-10-06 00:56:51
I'm right there with ya!
@_date: 2017-02-01 09:38:42
Still better than Uber/Lyft. But I agree, closed source cannot ever really be trusted.
@_date: 2014-12-24 18:10:53
Climate change is not just a 'liberal' issue. Climate scientists whether liberal or conservative support the idea that climate change is real and very likely the cause of human activity. Many rational conservatives in America and most conservatives elsewhere recognize that climate change is real and likely the result of human activity. It does not have to be a politicized issue but some people are intent on making it one.
@_date: 2017-02-28 00:59:38
Yes. If adopting segwit is truly in miners best interest, it shouldn't be impossible to persuade them.
@_date: 2017-02-28 00:41:26
Again, read up on "the economy" because you seem to be lacking a fundamental understanding of what the economy is, and what you are referring to as "the economy" is definitely not "the economy," as best I can tell you are either referring to "people who agree with you" or "full nodes" as "the economy."
@_date: 2014-07-12 06:23:13
I'm not super knowledgeable when it comes to smartphones, any pointers on how to do this or where to learn?
@_date: 2017-02-28 01:22:47
Which is a fraction of "The Economy". That is a very big misrepresentation and fairly disingenuous if you ask me.
@_date: 2014-10-23 01:52:20
Probably Gox and BFL
@_date: 2017-02-28 00:37:02
Would you like it if the miners "forced" you to adopt a bigger blocksize limit? No? Than why is it right that you "force" them to activate segwit. This is not how consensus works, this is not how decentralized systems should work, this would not be a good thing for bitcoin.
Also read up on "the economy" because what you are referring to as "the economy" is definitely not "the economy," as best I can tell you are either referring to "people who agree with you" or "full nodes" as "the economy."
Furthermore, you said:


This is also incorrect. Nobody works "for the economy" and the economy doesn't work for anybody. The economy is the sum of all economic activity and miners, speculators, bitcoin businesses, etc are all part of this. So the miners are *part of the economy,* neither the economy nor miners "work for" the other, and miners are entitled to form their own opinions and pursue there own interests like anyone else.
You seem to be lacking a fundamental understanding of basic economic concepts--which is understandable as they are often vague and nebulous and not something most people have exposure to--but you shouldn't be making statements about "the economy" until you understand what you are referring to.
Also, what is being proposed "forcing miners to..." is in my opinion very contrary to the principles of decentralization, of consensus, and of Bitcoin. I want to see segwit, but I also want to see bitcoin be the decentralized, consensus based, cryptocurrency that it was meant to be, and I would never sacrifice these things in exchange for segwit. It is scary to me how many "ends justify the means" type arguments get thrown around in the blocksize/segwit debate.
@_date: 2017-02-28 00:48:13
I think this idea is very contrary to the concepts of decentralization and consensus as well as the spirit of Bitcoin as a cryptocurrency. I want to see segwit adopted, but I think this is a dangerous and misguided way to achieve that goal. The right outcome needs to be reached through *the right process.* Discounting the voices of a very important part of the bitcoin ecosystem who have every right to voice their opinion and pursue their interests (just as you and I do) does not seem like the "right process" to achieve segwit. Consensus (like democracy) can be messy, slow, dissapointing, and frustrating, but just like with democracy, we can't just bypass it without completely undermining it.
@_date: 2017-02-28 01:10:41
True, but the miners are putting their money where their mouths are.  If all the people who are for segwit but against blocksize limit increase did the same and are truly the majority (which I personally am not convinced of), this discussion might finally be over.
@_date: 2017-02-28 01:35:08
I know we agreed that "economic majority" would be a better term than "The Economy" in another post but I am going to say it again here for the benefit of others reading this thread. "The Economy" =/= full nodes.
But even "Economic Majority" is broader than "Full nodes" according to the link you referenced its includes:


As I read it that includes miners, bitcoin businesses, speculators, everyday users, workers who are paid in bitcoin, and maybe full nodes (though I'm not sure they qualify based on that definition).
nodes "offer things of value" but not in exchange "for bitcoin" as the link you provided states.
So until someone can show in some way that their viewpoint is held by "the economic majority" as defined by the source you provided, I don't see any reason to trust them when they say their view is shared by the "economic majority."
@_date: 2017-02-28 01:18:56
I think you make good points. I'm not sure why you've been downvoted other than people don't like information that contradicts their beliefs. 
It's unfortunate that one of the better comments in this thread is at the absolute bottom (at the time of my comment). This is one reason I've gone from appreciating the conversation in and checking it daily, to checking once or twice a month. I really hope a lot of the loudest voices in here can mature, but at this point, I don't have too much hope.
@_date: 2017-02-28 01:25:46
Thank you for clarifying, I agree that "Economic Majority" as described in the linked wiki is the better term to use here.
@_date: 2017-02-28 01:06:03
It is very disheartening to me how many people on and have lost site of this. Lots of "ends justify the means" arguments and lots of people claiming their views represent "the economy" or "the majority" or "the community" with little evidence to back that up. Democracy, Markets, Consensus, can all be messy or frustrating but that is the price paid for the many positive aspects of these systems.
@_date: 2014-12-24 22:58:57
And hopefully it will
@_date: 2017-02-28 00:43:41
I think this idea is very contrary to the concepts of decentralization and consensus as well as the spirit of Bitcoin as a cryptocurrency. I want to see segwit adopted, but I think this is a dangerous and misguided way to achieve that goal. The right outcome needs to be reached through *the right process.*
@_date: 2014-07-12 16:49:52
Backing up 2fa secrets is a point that should be reinforced and brought up more often. It was stupid of me in retrospect to set this up without having a way to regain access to my accounts if I lost my phone or the app, but I didn't think of this at the time. I was simply trying to make my accounts more secure and read over and over that 2fa is the way to do that. I never came across anything warning of the risk of getting locked out of your accounts or the need to backup your 2fa secrets. In retrospect its obvious but if 2fa is going to be a mainstream security tool the dangers of 2fa and how to properly implement it should be stated more blatantly.
@_date: 2017-02-28 00:57:40
Right or wrong, many people here were rapidly critical of the idea when Roger Ver brought up something similar. It would be quite hypocritical to then go and use the same strategy but than anyone who has impartially followed this controversy should not be surprised by hypocrisy from either side.
@_date: 2014-10-03 17:05:28
Well I applaud you for pursuing this story, and not just writing a story that you know people will like. One of the main problems with most BTC reporting is its continuously positive which is just unrealistic.
@_date: 2017-02-28 01:02:43
Part of the reason for bitcoin's existence was to escape a system where payment processors/exchanges had too much control (Visa/Mastercard/Amex/Paypal colluding to block donations to wikileaks etc). This is why many people found Bitcoin in the first place, we don't want to recreate these conditions.
@_date: 2017-03-24 21:45:39
I feel that I do contribute, I don't have the expertise to contribute to the code, but I try to advocate for balance, mutual respect, compromise (in some form), good governance, basing your arguments on logic rather than less, and dialogue. I think that is as important right now as the technical debate which underlies the division.
@_date: 2017-03-02 09:04:35
I don't think your comment is very constructive (or accurate for that matter).
@_date: 2017-03-02 09:15:58


As I see it both sides (by not comprising/finding a solution that works for both parties) are "actually fighting for the status quo." Though I think fighting is too strong a word in this case.
@_date: 2017-02-28 00:54:35
Who is "robbing you?"
@_date: 2017-02-28 01:51:42
I follow your logic, but I don't think the definition of "economic majority" you referred me to is compatible with the argument you are making. You are talking about nodes actually having the power here, but whether this is true or not, this doesn't constitute the "economic majority" as defined by the wiki article you linked to. If you think I am misinterpreting something and can reference what part of the definition I am misinterpreting I would be interested to know.
I am going to think on this for a while before continuing this discussion.
*dit: I am also aware that the wiki article states:*
*&gt;  If the economic majority doesn't run full nodes Bitcoin is dead*
*But this doesn't really effect how economic majority is defined, it simply states that if the economic majority doesn't do this, bitcoin will suffer. Sort of like how saying "if the majority of people don't vote, democracy will suffer" doesn't change the meaning of "people."*
@_date: 2017-03-24 21:52:21
Not a very satisfying response, if your not willing to give any supporting evidence of the statement you just made. It is disappointing to attempt to explain to you my perspective and have you come back with a little one liner + an unsupported absolutist claim. What specifically (quote me please) do you find to be:


@_date: 2017-02-28 00:12:52
Very well put. I agree with almost everything you said wholeheartedly. 
I wish more people considered these points when thinking about the blocksize debate. The process is as important as the outcome. If we reach the right outcome (whatever we believe that is) through the wrong process that can be just as bad or worse than never reaching the right outcome.
@_date: 2017-03-03 08:54:38
you mean right?
@_date: 2017-03-24 21:01:24
Whether this is true or not, the conduct of many on this forum and is not warranted, and doesn't help either cause. Its hard to stay respectful, rational, open minded, etc when you feel passionately about something and especially when you feel like the other side of the debate doesn't show any of the above qualities either. But resorting to the tactics and rhetoric that many on both sides of the debate have gone to makes the community look really immature and childish, arrogant, and sometimes just mean spirited. This is not directed at you or anyone in particular.
*edit: yet I can understand how for those who have really done their due diligence into the technical, economic, and political aspects of both Core and BU and feel strongly in one way or the other it would be very frustrating to see all the uninformed (but strongly held) opinions that are thrown around. And I can see how that would lead people to get frustrated/angry/fed-up.*
@_date: 2017-03-24 06:03:37
this is an open source project. the tone here feels like it is getting pretty far away from the ideals of FOSS.
@_date: 2017-03-24 21:39:41
Not trolling. Many people on this subreddit and talk of trying to sabotage the other side, ruin them financially, explain every difference in philosophy as being the result of being paid off or some other conspiracy. The open source model is well suited to accommodate differences in philosophy or technical direction (free to use, share, contribute, modify, distribute, blablabla) in fact the open source model promotes this diversity of vision &amp; design. To use your Linux example, yes, maybe your right about Kernel development, but it's also true that there are 100's or 1000's of linux distributions and the users of these various distributions get along for the most part, respect eachother for the most part, and most think of the diversity of vision and implementation as a good thing for the space. I know that this is not a perfect comparison to crypto, but I do think the point still stands, Literally HATING, ridiculing, banning, and refusing to listen and have real dialogue with people because they believe in a different vision for a project, or want to take it in a different direction, is very much against the ideals of free and open source software movement.
In relation to your comment in particular, I was mostly responding to this sentence:


This is what I was referring to when I I said "the tone feels like it is getting pretty far away from the ideals of FOSS." And I stand by that. Maybe I have misinterpreted what you mean by that statement (and if so, my apologies, tone is hard to gauge on reddit). But back to the linux example, I don't hear Debian complaining about Ubuntu feeling entitled to their work, I don't hear Ubuntu complaining about Mint "stealing" there code (you never said "steal"--others on have). It just seems to me that the tone of this debate is has strayed very far from the spirit FOSS.
That said, I have no argument with:


The opinions of users, many of whom lack the technical sophistication to understand complex technical problems, shouldn't be the primary determinant of how that problem is approached. Yet on the other hand, bitcoin is a very complex project, and being technically sophisticated is only one piece of the puzzle, because bitcoin is a technical, economic, and social-political project with multiple stakeholders with different areas of expertise and different incentives. In my opinion it is dangerous if the technically sophisticated make the mistake of failing to see their own blind spots and thinking they are the most qualified to steer the ship and can make technical decisions in a vacuum without considering the expertise and wisdom of other stakeholders. 
@_date: 2017-03-24 06:01:01
I dont believe his issue is necessarily with segwit. His issue is with the title of the post implying that Core is giving users choice when many feel that this is exactly what they were not given (a choice). And his issue is with Luke-Jr's abrasive and somewhat unprofessional tone (maybe understandably but still not professional or constructive) in the above post. Saying essentially "do as we say or leave" is not really a choice, regardless of how you feel about core/bu or sw/hf, you should be able to see how comments like that are at the very least arrogant and unconstructive.
@_date: 2017-03-20 23:59:31
I wonder if you would?
@_date: 2017-03-21 00:04:37
Your statement is true, but is definitely right also. Bitcoin was invented for largely political reasons. Arguing otherwise seems akin to arguing that the American Revolution was not political and was simply about the implementation of a new technology called representative democracy.
@_date: 2017-03-19 06:48:51
They say right in the letter They are neutral:


@_date: 2017-03-20 23:57:00


Jump down off that high horse man. Bitcoin has been around for 8 years, censorship bypassing tools for much longer and Tiananmen happened in the 1980's. 
Your goal is not helping Chinese people, it is threatening Chinese people (miners) in a rather unethical way using strong arm (and probably far fetched tactics). TOR and many tools have existed for years to resist censorship, I highly doubt that embedding anything in the blockchain will reach anybody who doesn't already have access to anti-censorship tools. This is just a new tactic in the toxic core/bu war, don't pretend it is anything else. This community continues to dissapoint me.
@_date: 2017-03-20 04:14:46
It certainly feels that way sometimes.
@_date: 2017-03-21 00:23:02
seems like if this could be done, this will be done. Someone will find it in there interest to do so whether that is a government, a competitor, or a teenager just wanting to fuck shit up/feel there power. 
I'm not sure it actually works that way though, twitter is not 'illegal' because of the content it hosts, bitcoin is not illegal because of the illegal transactions it enables, snapchat is not illegal for the content it stores.
@_date: 2017-03-24 06:08:43
Yeah, no offense meant, but that was a pretty disingenuous answer IMO.
I'm not sure I could get on board with BU, and haven't really done my due diligence on what they are offering, but the tone, arrogance, and vitriol, and manipulative argumentation tactics on this sub have really alienated me from this subreddit and to some extent the bitcoin project in general. It is really sad to watch.
@_date: 2017-03-03 20:02:50
@_date: 2017-02-28 00:15:17


But this is not evidence of "the economy" expressing anything. It is evidence of full nodes expressing something. 
@_date: 2017-03-24 06:12:07
A mature and illuminating comment.
@_date: 2017-03-24 22:15:52
The fact that hearing another perspective makes you sick to your stomach is troubling. Calling my perspective "propagandistic nonsense" is even more troubling, disappointing, and disheartening. The fact that you write off what I say as "propaganda" because you don't agree with it is both immature and unconstructive. 
For the record, I am not aligned with either side and lately I try to avoid both subreddits, I don't condone the behavior or tactics of many on both sides, I try to understand the perspective of both sides and the criticisms each side has of the other. If you think that this is what "propaganda" is you either need a dictionary or a safe space.
If you peak outside of the bubble that is (same is true of where every dissenting opinion must be a "paid shill" you will see that there are a lot of people that haven't swallowed either camps kool-aid.


No need to revisit this. You have demonstrated to me that you are not interested (or capable) of reasonable and respectful discourse. You are so sure of yourself that you label anything you don't agree with as propaganda, trolling, or nonsense. Sadly, I can see that nothing positive will come of us discussing this further.
@_date: 2017-03-03 08:58:35
Yeah, I hope the community can get back to a place like that and improve the tone and quality of conversation.
@_date: 2017-03-21 00:14:07
No it really doesn't. It just a spiteful tactic being justified through appeals to anti-censorship. If liberation and freedom of information was the objective, China is certainly not the worst or only offender, and something that happened in the 80's (while it is important, should not be forgotten, and should be taught and remembered) is probably not the most relevant and crucial human rights abuse to put on the blockchain.
Finally, no having your cake and eating it too. You can't accomplish both goals (1. punish Chinese miners, 2. give the Chinese people access to censored content). As I see it if you accomplish the first you close the door on the second.
@_date: 2017-01-17 07:32:04
gotcha, thanks.
@_date: 2017-01-13 04:12:08
Clearly it is from a skewed sample. This type of survey can only ever be made up of a skewed sample. Its silly for anyone to even ask otherwise. Voluntary surveys are skewed towards those that volunteer to take them. Who are usually those who feel most passionately about the subject or one of the options. Anyone who conducts a survey in this way is not looking for an unbiased sample, or they are extremely lazy or naive.
@_date: 2017-01-16 22:09:35
TIL is really bad at doing AMAs. I guess in his defense, he said "ask me anything" not "ask me anything and i'll give you an answer"...
@_date: 2017-01-19 01:40:38


Good point. This would most surely be happening on the way up? to what degree, I don't know.


Good point. I hadn't considered this, but I see what you are getting at and it seems like a reasonable assumption.
@_date: 2017-01-17 05:21:42
Actually evidence suggests this is not the full story if you consider the scope of OP's question. Your answer is probably mostly correct in terms of Bitcoin as an asset. But if bitcoin were to become "The Global Currency" (as op stated) and radically changed the distribution of wealth in terms of making it less equal, there are a number of potential societal consequences. I am not an expert on the subject but much research has been done on the topic by economists, political scientists, sociologists, and other fields.
Here are a few links to get you started:
* [Income Inequality in the US (Wikipedia)](
* [Why inequality is Bad for You -- and everyone else (CNN)](
* [4 Reasons Inequality is Bad for Society (Ted.com)](
* [Why Income Inequality is Bad for Growth(World Economic Forum)](
* [In it together: Why Less Inequality Benefits All (OECD)](
@_date: 2017-01-23 00:02:50
But numbers are not english, neither are periods and comma's. Language is not the relevant variable here. If it were you would need to learn French numbers and Italian numbers and German numbers if you travelled in one of those countries. That's not the way it works, numbers are language independent.
Though, I do agree, that having a standard that we all use would be more clear.
@_date: 2017-01-22 01:04:20
this conversation is going nowhere. i'll leave you to your own opinions. But for what its worth I think it is really dangerous how you throw out any information you disagree with. I'm not trying to spin anything, I was trying to have a constructive discussion with someone i disagree with, but you I'm not sure you are capable of anything other than partisan bickering. FWIW, I hope your right and I'm wrong, I just don't believe I am. So I'm ending it here.
@_date: 2017-01-01 22:25:49
This is good advice (except the do whatever you feel like part). Nobody can predict the market, we are all speculating, some have better strategies and more informed approaches than others, but in the end we are all speculating on a bleeding edge technology.
Do whatever you feel like as long as you can justify it rationally and have done your due diligence research first. The easiest strategy is to buy and hold until a predetermined exit point (which ideally should be based on something other than just being an arbitrary round number i.e. mBTC=2--lookup the terms "resistance" and "support" on investopedia), or buy and hold indefinitely.
@_date: 2017-01-01 21:54:40
@_date: 2017-01-21 23:59:46


I don't think its quite accurate to say a compromise has been reached.
@_date: 2017-01-13 05:52:28
both things can be true. Blockstream can be trying to do the right thing. And people can still be legitimately concerned and worried about a conflict of interest. This would be reasonable, really.
And I'm going to go out on a limb and say that whoever you are responding to is probably not illiterate, which means unable to read or write, since you are responding to their written comment and they are responding to a written news article. Moreover, "a claim" cannot be "illiterate" (unless all claims are illiterate as none of them can read/write).
@_date: 2017-01-19 00:30:17


Yes your right. The same dynamics apply to other assets. And if we are talking about bitcoin (at its current market cap) or any stock, its not such a huge deal. But considering op's scenario Bitcoin is "THE global currency" the scale would be much greater which would make its effects much more important.
I'm glad you brought up the Saudi Royal Family (I think that's who "The Royal Family in the Middle East" refers to). Given OP's scenario, I don't think its given that "[A member of Saudi Royal Family] is far more wealthy than anyone will ever be from owning bitcoin. Oil is the "Global energy source" if Bitcoin were to become "The Global currency" as OP stated, it seems reasonable to consider the two roughtly comparable. I think the example of Saudi Arabia actually illustrates my point:
1. They hold a disproportionate amount of wealth, and political and economic power as a result of owning a sizeable portion of the worlds oil wealth.
2. This has led to all kinds of social and economic problems in their society (non-existent middle class, they don't make anything, dependent on oil, low social cohesion, a semi caste based society where it is beneath saudi's to work with their hands, too much power concentrated in the hands of a few, and the dependence of an entire country on the wealth of 1 family).
3. The wealth inequality has not improved in a meaningful way as a result of The Saudi Royal Family "spending their money buying things," "creating value," or making investments.
4. The extreme power of the Saudi Royal Family is derived from owning a disproportionated share of oil wealth relative to the rest of the world. Wealth created from Oil appreciating in value and wealth created from Bitcoin appreciating in value have some differences, but in terms of their effect on inequality I think they would behave in similar manners.
5. Just like with oil, it is better if ownership is decentralized and distributed broadly with relatively low inequality. Saudi Arabia-- a country ruled by the will and whims of princes and kings, whose wealth is derived from 1 asset, and who's infrastructure was built by indentured servants, migrant labor, and the underclass, is not a shining example of the benefits of income inequality.
What I will say, is I think OP's question is mostly a thought experiment. I don't think it is that likely that Bitcoin will grow to become "THE global currency" and in a more realistic scenario, I really don't disagree with much of what you are saying. But OP is asking specifically about if Bitcoin became "THE global currency" and that is what I am responding to.
TL;DR Saudi Arabia is a great example of why you don't want high levels of income inequality.
@_date: 2017-01-17 06:45:57
can you elaborate on that?
@_date: 2017-01-17 05:00:13
i think your missing the point of his question. He is asking what are the consequences of a handful of people becoming extremely wealthy and the supply of bitcoin remaining very unequally distributed if bitcoin becomes a global currency. Not, what happens if our current billionaires buy bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-01-16 23:55:56
Its not the MSM.
It is:
* The FBI
* The CIA
* The NSA
* Private Intelligence Contractors
* The Director of National Intelligence
* The Senate Intelligence Committee
* Republican leaders
* Democratic leaders
* The Mainstream Media
* The Mainstream Liberal Media
* The Mainstream Conserative Media
* Non-Mainstream (alternative) Media
* Foreign news outlets
* Academics and Scholars
* Ethicists and government Lawyers
* The majority of the American people (58%, yougov)
* The majority of Trump voters (56%, yougov)
* Former secretaries of state, generals, and national security advisers
* Some of Trumps own cabinet nominees
* And much of the rest of the world
I will agree with you that the MSM often blows things out of proportion and is just looking for controversy. I don't have much respect for most of the mainstream media publications especially TV and digital publications. But you can't hide behind "stop believing the MSM." Its healthy to be skeptical of the media but if you have a different opinion you need to back in up with facts and research and logic or you are no better than the "MSM" that you are so critical of.
@_date: 2017-01-19 03:32:53


Yeah. we're talking in circles now. I can see that you are fundamentally misunderstanding my argument and the building blocks I'm basing it on (quite possibly because I am not explaining myself well enough). I may be misunderstanding you as well, I am not sure. But what seems clear is we are talking about two different scenarios. OP's question is hypothetical and somewhat unrealistic (imho), this is the question I am trying to answer. My perspective would be much closer to yours if we were discussing "what's likely to happen" not "in a hypothetical world where bitcoin is THE global currency." I also think you are misunderstanding some pretty basic economic principles (but I could be misunderstanding your understanding of basic economic principles... or missing something myself).
@_date: 2017-01-18 01:58:04
Nothings new. But we should be working to make this better, not worse.
@_date: 2017-01-22 23:31:50
people that make this argument are generally referring to the potential for confusion between bits as a computer science term (e.g 8 bits to a byte, megabits, etc) and bits as in bitcoin. I follow their logic, but I don't think it would be a very big issue for 95% of people. It could be confusing for programmers and those working behind the scenes in Bitcoin, but I'm not convinced its a big enough deal to change terms.
@_date: 2017-01-04 03:59:50
Depends what you think the "point" was.
if the authors point was bitcoin is a pyramid scheme [like all these other more reputable things which I also consider pyramid schemes]. Than you are right not explaining why Bitcoin is different does kind of reinforce (not prove) the point.
I think if you reflect a little on the article you wouldn't disagree with me that the author's point is: Bitcoin (specifically) is bad because it is a pyramid scheme. If this is the point it is completely relevant to introduce other examples that meet the authors definition of pyramid scheme which he doesn't consider "bad."
@_date: 2017-01-16 05:48:50


This is true, and it's always pleasant to here, since so many people tend to view themselves as experts on everything.


Also true. For me as well. And I don't want to downplay this. The risk is real, the potential of bitcoin is real but not even close to guaranteed. Its easy to get blinded by optimism, especially when your young (source: old enough to know Vine is stupid, young enough to feel just a little less cool for thinking that).
Mostly I just wanted to add some balance to this thread, I'm definitely not trying to say you or anyone else here is wrong in your advice. In fact I would say that your right for the most part. Of course this depends on all those variables that we don't know.
@_date: 2017-01-20 21:00:23
I'm not making any judgement as to whether it is a good or bad thing in the business world. I'm saying it doesn't translate well to the political world. If the USA went bankrupt that would be massively harmful to the world economy and regular people in the US and all over the world. You can just walk away from a shitty investment or three in Atlantic City you can't just walk away from a country.
 Also, it is not at all clear that trump is even a very successful business person. Bloomberg News estimates his net worth to be 2.9b If he had taken the ***40 Million Dollars his dad gave him in 1974*** and invested in an index fund, he would have 2.3B dollars today. So Trumps business skills have helped him just modestly outperform a basic index fund.
@_date: 2017-01-18 01:51:07
Your right it doesn't (not directly at least). And I probably agree with you that absolute poverty is a bigger deal than relative wealth (although in some ways they, are one in the some, or at least overlapping concepts). But just because I am more concerned about absolute poverty doesn't mean I can't also be concerned about relative poverty/wealth. Rich or Poor there are very good reasons to want lower levels of inequality (it doesn't have to look like socialism, but it also shouldn't look like it does right now). The same way being concerned about stress and its effect on health doesn't mean I can't also be concerned about diet and exercise and its effect on health-- one doesn't discount the other.
@_date: 2017-01-23 00:45:09
I agree with you that "milli-bit" or "milli-bitcoin" or "em-bee-tee-cee" (phonetic) is a mouthful.
But I kinda like M-bit (as a slang term for mBTC/millibitcoin)
I could get behind (currency abbreviation/formal name/slang name/value in BTC)
1. BTC / Bitcoin / none or "coins" (1.00000000 Bitcoin)
2. mBTC / milli-bitcoin / "M-bits" (0.00100000 Bitcoin)
3. uBTC / micro-bitcoin / "U-bit" (0.00000100 Bitcoin)
4. Bit / Bit / Bit (0.00000001 Bitcoin)
Why would I advocate using a Bit in place of a Satoshi? Simplicity and compatibility with SI and familiarity. Most currencies seem to have two units (dollars/cents, euros/eurocents, balboas/centavos, pesos/centavos). It wouldn't be wrong but it would be strange and potentially confusing if Bitcoin were to have 3 units (100 satoshi to a bit, 100,000 bits to a Bitcoin). Also if we have only two units Bits (as the name for what we currently call a Satoshi) and Bitcoins any amount of value between a bit and a bitcoin can be easily represented as a multiple of a bit or a fraction of a bitcoin, which would be nice and straightforward.
The idea isn't my own, I came across it [here]( earlier today, and I think it may have some merit.
And an argument that only makes sense in relation to the USA/Canada/UK/EU and other currencies that are relatively close in value to the USD. Many people supportive of calling Micro-Bitcoins (.00000100 BTC) "bits" often make the argument that as the price of Bitcoin rises 1 Micro-bitcoin would be close to 1usd=1bit. The naming convention I"m advocating would mean that 1 Micro-Bitcoin or "U-Bit" would be roughly equivalent to 1 USD making a "Bit" equivalent to 1/100 of that value or 1 cent.
@_date: 2017-01-13 20:24:07


Gotcha. I'm not active enough here to know who's who, but in his defense, he doesn't seem to be trolling in this case.
@_date: 2017-01-23 00:11:10
1 bit = .09 cents USD
is not really evidence that it is used in daily life already. Most people in the US are irritated by pennies, and wouldn't bother picking them up off the ground, and prices are rarely listed solely in cents. But 1 bit being worth 9% of 1 penny is not really evidence that "the unit of bits is well in the realm of what is used in daily life." Gas stations use 1/10 cents, but that is the only example I can think of, and it irritates people that they do it.
In your other examples, you might be right, but in terms of the US, 9/100 of a penny would not be a useful unit.
@_date: 2017-01-11 22:58:01
I just have to say, as an outsider (not pro big block or pro seg wit), sounds like he is earnestly trying to explain the reasons he thinks many miners don't like segwit, while you are coming across as angry and reactionary, and just trying to shut him up/down. It makes it hard to see team segwit as the good guys.




You may be right. But you may be wrong. This logic is not enough on its own. You must do more to support your point, you must show why Satoshi (or why we) should think segwit is the logical choice. I'm not trying to call you out, but as an outsider trying to understand the facts, many of the arguments on both sides (but especially pro segwit) seem to be kind of reactionary and lacking in substance and more likely to resort to insults.
@_date: 2017-01-13 20:17:27
I'm not an anything supporter, yet. 
@_date: 2017-01-18 23:04:26


Not true. First, A massive amount of wealth would be transferred to those who happened to buy or mine coins in Bitcoins infancy. It is laughable to assume this group represents the "people who create the most value." Some of them may (maybe Satoshi for instance or others who worked hard on the protocol, or different services built on bitcoin) but its a tough argument to make, that someone who fucked around with mining bitcoin in 2009-2010 for a couple months, forgot about it, dusted off an old hard drive and found a few thousand coins sitting on it, is somehow qualifies as "the people who make the most value" in society.
@_date: 2017-01-22 23:51:55


I agree, I'm not in support of this naming scheme, but it wouldn't offend me if we chose, US currency terms, or British, or Mexican or anything else really. 
That said, you should know that "Dollars" and "Cents" are not American terms. America is definitely the country Dollars/Cents are most associated with but the US, Canada, Australia, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Singapore, and 14 other countries call their currency the dollar. And I know at least a handful of countries use "cents" or "centavos" (Spanish).
From Wikipedia:


And in terms of "Cents," the term is derived from the latin word Centum (meaning 100) and related to the word Centesimal (meaning 1/100). It is a term used in [many countries](
@_date: 2017-01-18 23:34:24
Agreed. I think people on forums/reddit (understandable don't want to do peoples homework for them and answer the same questions all the time), but often forget that the conversation they are currently having will one day show up on someone's Google search results. I can't tell you the number of times I have been researching something and all the links on google just link to someone asking a question and someone responding "search."
@_date: 2017-01-21 23:17:50


I agree with you. This is the ideal way to make up your mind. And this is something we would all do well not to forget. The inverse is true too (don't dislike an idea just because you dislike the messenger). But, I think it is relevant to remember that the reality is that none of us can be experts in everything. So we must turn to others who are more knowledgeable than us to inform our decisions. And it would be irresponsible to not consider the perspectives of various experts and stakeholders in their fields, especially those with a track record of honesty.
Many of us do not have the expertise in computer science to make up our own minds on this debate. Therefore, we have to count on somebody (or ideally multiple respected sources) to help us understand the issue. The two factions (experts and otherwise) have become very polarized, partisan and hyperbolic, so its hard to feel your getting objective information from either side. This is one reason I and many people respect the opinion of Andreas on this issue, he has in my opinion tried to remain fair and objective and open throughout this debate, and he hasn't contributed to the toxic tone of the debate. It is precisely because Andreas does things like come on this thread (see the top post) and tell people not to trust his opinion or appeals to authority without conducting your own research, that reinforces my trust in his integrity. That doesn't mean blind trust, and that doesn't mean his opinion matters more than others, but personally it is an opinion that I count on to be fair and honest (and relatively well informed).
Also, fwiw, It was Q/A session with Andreas that helped me to understand how segwit works, and what the potential benefits are. I want to see Segwit implemented (as do most people I think, when and how seem to be the controversial aspects).
@_date: 2017-01-11 00:59:48


Is this really true (honest question)? What would that scenario look like?
@_date: 2017-01-18 21:10:02
I think your misunderstanding me. I'm not arguing that high levels of inequality breaks the currency (or any currency). The currrency will continue to function as it should. Rather I am arguing that high levels of wealth inequality (measured in whatever currency you like) have negative, and well studied, effects on society. If bitcoin adoption continues in the way it has, and eventually becomes a global currency, it has the potential to greatly increase global inequality. This is serious in the context of bitcoin as a global currency, not so serious at lesser magnitudes. This is not an argument that Bitcoin is bad, or unsustainable, or that early adopters don't deserve to be rewarded for the risk they take.
Remember what I stated in an earlier post:


  &gt; &gt; How would it affect *bitcoin* or the *bitcoin markets* if bitcoin became a global currency and remained highly unequal.
  &gt; &gt; How would it affect *society* if bitcoin became a global currency and remained highly unequal
My response is geared towards the second question, and I think you think that I am answering the first.
@_date: 2017-01-18 01:28:37
...Continued from above


I don't think you would be saying that if you watched the whole thing, a good amount of evidence is presented, not a slam dunk case (without access to the classified stuff at least), but a strong case. The video is an hour and a half of testimony by experts on the evidence, with unclassified evidence presented where possible, but of course we can't judge the classified evidence. Are they telling the truth? Maybe. Maybe not. We don't know, but the case they make is strong, and I have grown to begrudgingly respect James Comey. I often disagree with James Comey and James Clapper (on Snowden, on Iphone encryption, on mass surveillance, on domestic spying, etc), but I also respect James Comey and think he tries his best to be professional and objective (he resisted and almost resigned over the warrantless mass wiretapping of Americans under Bush, he IMO tried to conduct a balanced investigation into Clinton's email server). So I don't think it's quite fair to characterize Comey and Clapper as "old people stuck in cold war thinking." Its probably true to an extent but they are much more complex characters than that. I should say, I'm not making the argument the case they laid out "proves" deliberate russian interference and hacking in our election, but I do think they make a compelling case that it is the most probable scenario. And bear in mind we are not just talking about Podesta/DNC we are also talking about the DCCC, Election infrastructure (registered voter databases, not voting machines as far as we know), RNC assets including state party organizations. In my opinion, the evidence outlined is strong enough that it is rational to consider Russian interference and hacking in our election to be a *strong probability* but I do agree with you that more information is needed if we want to *know with certainty.*


This is also just a claim unless backed up by evidence. I'm not sure how Assange would know this conclusively, unless he knew the source personally and could verify where the sources information came from. If Wikileaks has that information, we deserve to see it, until then I'm skeptical that they have any way of knowing. Russian Intelligence is very good at what they do, and have lots of experience doing it. Wikileaks is a small media organization/hacktivist group, and I am pretty positive they don't have the resources to keep tabs on all Russian Intelligence agents, their proxies, and their allies.


This is not evidence either. It might be true, and it is certainly interesting, but we have no reason to believe it is true. Here is the quote Mr. Murray gave *(On Russian State Run TV):* "I know who the source is Its from a Washington insider. Its not from Russia. This is a claim, not evidence (and to be fair much of what was said in the video I posted were claims not evidence, but this is purely a claim-- no evidence). If you want to criticize, the video I posted as "just old people talking" you have to admit that this is also "just some guy talking" he backs up that claim with absolutely nothing. He could be totally right, but he needs to say a lot more if he wants to be taken seriously.


I think about this a little different, but our perspectives are not so far apart. All the election, I listened to liberals ignore the content and focus on the hacks/Russian interference and I listened to conservatives ignore the hacks/Russian interference and focus on the content of the hacks. I personally consider both to be very serious issues. What was exposed through the hacks (however you feel about the hacks themselves) was alarming, disappointing, and confirmed some of my and many peoples beliefs about the major political parties. However, I can hold this belief and simultaneously be very troubled by the fact that there is considerable evidence that Russia sought to influence our election through hacking, disinformation, and propoganda, and our incoming president seems to be very vulnerable to manipulation. 


We are making progress here. I was beginning to get demoralized feeling like we are both talking past each other. Sometimes when a discussion gets intense its hard to see that you actually aren't as far apart as it might seem. I said it already, but I'll restate, that I am not saying it is *proven beyond a reasonable doubt* that Russia is behind the DNC &amp; Election Infrastructure hacking just that the available circumstantial evidence is strong.


I totally agree. I get fed up with this too. Both Russian's and Hacker's are pretty popular political bogeymen. In fact I was pretty skeptical of the "Russian hacking" narrative through most of the election (I didn't like how democrats used it to distract from the content of the leaks). But after taking a long hard look at the information we have, my opinion has evolved.


I'll be the last person to try to convince anyone that US foreign policy isn't hypocritical. It is in so many ways (this being one of them). But its a joke to pretend Russia isn't playing the same game to much the same degree. The history of the 20st century is largely the US and Russia fucking with other people's elections, civil wars, and internal politics. But regardless of all of that, it doesn't change the fact that as an American, it is completely rational to be outraged, upset, and worried about a foreign power fucking with our electoral process so effectively.


I am mostly supportive of Wikileaks mission (I find Assange arrogant, self important, and not as sharp as he thinks he is--but that's not a good reason to dislike Wikileaks as an organization). I think they are a valuable counterbalance to secrecy and censorship. I also think it was little disingenous to cherry pick emails and editorialize and title them in sometimes misleading or hyperbolic ways when they are an organization that is founded on "radical transparency." To stay true to that mission they should have released the emails without crafting a narrative around it and let people make up their own minds. I believe all emails were (and are) readable in raw form, but featured more prominently on Wikileaks site was a collection of purposefully selected, highly edited email exchanges that omitted parts of the conversation and generally made things appear much more damning than if you went and read the full content of the emails (this kind of behavior is to be expected from biased media, but is beneath the ideals of Wikileaks).
Thanks for the link to the article, I've skimmed it and will go back and read it when I get a chance. I like that they cite their sources. I would point out that quoting an unsubstantiated claim made on Russian State run TV (with a long history of anti-US propaganda) as evidence that Russia didn't hack the DNC is not good journalism. On other other hand, they were transparent about their shoddy sourcing, so at least that is good journalism. But looking at the rest of their sources, many of them look to be quality primary sources, and some are the same places I'm getting my information. I like that they are not corporate sponsored or funded through advertising. Would you say they have any particular worldview/perspective (most publications do)? I think you might get something out of reading [this article]( It is from The Intercept (a publication started by Glenn Greenwald-- the reporter who met with Snowden in Hong Kong and is responsible for publishing many of the Snowden Documents) has been extremely skeptical of the evidence on Russian hacking and critical of Obama for not releasing more evidence so don't assume they blindly report what the intelligence community tells them. [Link 1]( [Link 2]( From what I have gathered about your worldview and opinions I think you might enjoy some of their articles. They take a skeptical approach, and are pretty supportive of transparency and a critical independent approach to journalism, that follows the facts (as they see them) not party lines.
@_date: 2017-01-19 08:34:36
Hodl became popular at a time when I was checking reddit much so I'm not sure If my understanding is correct.
But I believe HODL began its life as a simple mispelling but has sort of taken on a life of its own. I take HODL to mean two things (1) Hold (as in stay strong, don't sell) and (2) **H**^old **O**^n ^for **D**^ear **L**^ife (as in this is bitcoin shits about to get crazy). I'm not sure if the second meaning is actually a thing or if I just made it up and thought it was a thing. Either way I'm sticking to it :)
Also if I can put my social science hat on for a minute, I think "hodl" is an expression of:
* Group membership (as in you wear Nike I wear Nike our subconscious' will get along)
* Group solidarity (we're in this together, stay strong, ride out the volatility, don't sell)
* Knowledge and Seniority (saying HODL! implies you have been around long enough and know enough to say it)
Also, in my mind HODL must be spoken with the Intensity of Mel Gibson in [Braveheart]( :)
@_date: 2017-01-17 00:14:43


Your right in won't kill you, but neither does being aware that:
* Maybe the core devs who work for Blockstream are purposefully trying to influence bitcoin in the interests of Blockstream, or
* Obama might be a secret Kenyan Muslim just waiting for the right moment to strike, or 
* That Dorian Nakamoto might actually be Satoshi Nakamoto, or
* That the moon landing might have never occured
* Or that you are interested in Bitcoin, so you might be into kiddie porn or money laundering.
Are all of these things possible? Yup. On one hand, being aware of these possibilities won't kill you. And on the other hand, stating these things like you and I did, give the impression that they are more probable than is probably realistic.
So to leave you with what I feel is the most effective example to get my point across:
"likes bitcoin, a relatively private pseudonymous currency, he may even be into child pornography or even something worse."
Note that I used the word "may," so don't get upset, being aware of it won't kill you :)
I hope this doesn't come of as a personal attack. I didn't intend it to be one. I am trying to get across that the words we write are often not as simple as the words we right. Something can be factually true and still be misleading and incorrect in their implication.
@_date: 2017-01-22 09:00:23
1. is a more objective measure for *predicting how much the debt will increase by* or observing how much the debt has increased in a given time frame. But it is not a good measure of "whose fault that debt is."
2. Is more subjective, you are correct, but more accurately measures *how much a president's stated policies would increase the debt.*
So 1 is useful when looking at *the debt*. 2 is useful when looking at *a presidents effect on the debt.*


For the most part this is my understanding also. I believe the bank bailout, the auto bailout, the Stimulus (which was an 800 Billion dollar infrastructure and jobs program if you forgot), and yearly interest of half a trillion dollars make up the bulk. This is why I think the first method of measuring debt is misleading (Interest-- Trump will be blamed for debt due to Obama's policies, Obama is blamed for debt due to Bush's policies, and so on). 
Also Obama happened to take office just as we were hit by one of the worst recessions in our history, the bank bailout made me mad as hell, but republicans and democrats supported the bailout so I think its not quite fair to blame all that debt on him because the recession happened to happen as he took office. I don't like the bailout, but I think he believed (maybe wrongly) that it was the least bad option. Maybe you think differently about this, If so I would be curious to hear your opinion?
@_date: 2017-01-04 04:13:29
Yeah, its an interesting way to look at it, and I think provides some useful context. I wouldn't necessarily call it optimistic, its just a fact.
However if you assume that because of this fact almost everyone has made money, or that bitcoin is not risky, or that we can count on these numbers continuing, or that this proves that bitcoin is a good investment or anything like that, now that would be optimistic and faulty logic.
So I don't think it is the most useful piece of information for planning, assessing risk, etc.
But I do think its a cool thing to know. Especially for all the people who have had people in their lives telling them how stupid of a decision it was to invest in bitcoin, for those who feel like they missed out (but bought in later when the price was higher), and for those who bought after the last peak and have been waiting years to see a ROI. For these people (most of us) hearing that today's price is higher than all but 9 of the 2,912 days that preceded it, feels good.
@_date: 2017-01-24 03:33:41
Thanks for explaining. I was not aware, I'm glad I know this now.
@_date: 2017-01-17 06:44:59
I should make clear that I'm not trying to say: income inequality = bad and therefore bitcoin = bad. But we do need to be mindful of the potential future consequences, and get out ahead of them-- prepare for them.


You are right. And Bitcoin is in its early days, so the fact that it is currently so much more unequal isn't necessarily a dire issue right now, as we have some time to figure things out, and see what happens. And really this is not a BTC vs FIAT conversation as what matters is income inequality and wealth inequality, BTC and USD are just ways to measure wealth, no wealth in and of themselves.


This is quite possible but not a given (well it is a given actually, but its unclear how it will change). In some regards, inequality compounds itself, leading to more inequality, so its not necessarily likely that it will change for the better.
@_date: 2017-01-18 01:56:22
Why support yourself with logic and fact and ideas when you can throw out a random matrix reference.
And also, I could say the same about you. I don't necessarily think your very well informed, very bright, or that your ideas about the world are very accurate. But, I don't just write you off with some matrix analogy in the hopes of scoring a few internet points. Maybe you and I disagree, if you have good reason to think your right, explain why. I will try to treat your opinions fairly if they are logical and supported by fact. But, I'm sorry, you don't have exclusive ownership over the blue or red pill. And it is dangerous to be so self assured that you write off other peoples opinions out of hand with no research, no discussion, and no explanation as to why you disagree. You can get by with snarky  little comments like this in Junior High, but you just come off looking like a self-important kid to serious people. I try to consider people's ideas seriously, even if I disagree with them, and to not resort to ad hominem attacks. You should think about doing the same, you learn a lot-- about the world, about other people's ideas, and about your own. We all think we're right all the time, but that math doesn't add up.
@_date: 2017-01-17 09:35:42
@_date: 2017-01-11 00:47:59


That's kind of the point though. As I understand it, with closed hardware it is practically impossible to discover backdoors even if everything built on top of that hardware is open source and observable. So it becomes very unlikely that the backdoor would be discovered, and even if it was, it can't necessarily be verified to exist.
See [this article]( if you want a real world example of backdoored closed source hardware.
@_date: 2017-01-13 20:27:38
Are these views on a "US socialist revolution" and "schoolteachers pushing decisive rhetoric" based on your personal experiences? This is very diffferent from how I perceive things. I'm curious to know
@_date: 2017-01-17 02:51:18
I have no evidence that Trump and Putin are "planning evil conspiracies together." There is very strong evidence that Russia attempted to influence the election in Trump's favor, that they see Trump as somebody they can use, and that they had a meaningful effect on the election.
If your willing to listen to all sides of the story you will find that almost everyone (not including Donald) *that has seen the evidence,* takes it very seriously, and has moved beyond the discussion of "is there evidence or isn't there" to how do we respond (this includes democrats, republicans, independents, journalist, academics, and concerned informed citizens).
If you are actually serious about wanting to know the evidence (as spin free as regular joe's like you and me without security clearances can expect to get it) see this video: [Full: Senior Intelligence Officials Testify on Russian Hacking Activities]( Its over an hour and a half of testimony, but if your really serious about making up your own, an hour and a half is probably not even the bare minimum time commitment. Inform yourself with primary and secondary source material where you can, if you do that, I don't care whether you end up agreeing with me or not. But talk radio and random blogs are not any more credible than the corporate mainstream media, and they also aren't necessarily any more informed than your average joe.
@_date: 2017-01-04 04:04:00


First part definitely, second part I think so, but I think the goal was to keep OPEC using the USD. If someone else is more knowledgeable, correct me if I'm wrong, but I do remember learning a bit about this in Macro Econ
@_date: 2017-01-10 05:50:15
Yeah, I tend to think that that math overestimates the number of unique users. Really hard to estimate though, so who knows.
I'm not sure if my experience is representative or not, but I've got a wallet with coinbase and circle, another with greeenaddress, another with mycelium, 5-8 blockchain accounts, plus a few that I probably signed up for to check out and forgot about.
I would imagine the 5.3 million coinbase users are legit and unique users though because of the KYC/AML stuff
@_date: 2017-01-22 04:18:41
yes they are
@_date: 2017-01-17 06:54:37
Wealthy people do hold the majority. If I understand the OP correctly, they are not talking about only the people who earned their money outside of bitcoin, they are talking about:


So really the 14 year old who fired up bitcoind, the Wiklevoss Twins, Roger Ver, or Satoshi Nakamoto could all be included in who OP is referring to (as I understand the question)
@_date: 2017-01-04 04:17:29
and a way that makes a whole lot of people feel good
@_date: 2017-01-19 08:06:08
Unless I'm missing something (I generally am /s) you might end up with a complicated tax return and accounting nightmare but you will not end up with a


Unless you somehow luck out and your random rebuying of bitcoin happens to outperform the market which is unlikely since buying more bitcoin every time you make a purchase on newegg.com is not a sound trading strategy.
@_date: 2017-01-21 07:43:52
Doing that seems like it would undermine the faith in bitcoin as a trustworthy, resilient, reliable and decentralized system. I would lose a lot of faith in bitcoin if this were to occur in the authoritarian fashion you outlined. You shouldn't want to put people out of business and temporarily weaken the bitcoin network just because you disagree with someone. Consensus doesn't work this way.
@_date: 2017-01-07 01:11:27
@_date: 2017-01-19 00:53:57
Sounds like we are on the same page in regard to most things. Where we split ways is:


Say you bought 1000 btc when they cost $1 and in a future where BTC is "THE Global Currency" 100k a coin wouldn't be unrealistic (maybe even a low estimate). So now that 1000 btc is worth $100,000,000 USD. So the new rich you will being buying goods and services with your bitcoin (which does redistribute wealth to them) but if you do nothing more than park your 100M in an index fund, you could expect to make at least 5% annually (5 million USD annually). So unless you are spending over 5 million annually, wealth is being redistributed, but it is being redistributed to those that are already wealthy.
Now you might say, hey, if you sell your btc and put it in an index fund, thats not btc anymore, its shares of a fund. You would be right. But remember we are talking *the distribution of wealth* as a result of the distribution of bitcoin, not the distribution of bitcoin itself. You might also be thinking, hey wait, I would spend way more than 5 million a year, I would buy a mansion, invest in x, y, or z, etc. But "buying" real estate, stock, or other *assets* (has benefit) is *an investment* theoretically you aren't redistributing wealth you just exchange the container for that wealth from currency to real estate but whether I own a million dollars in btc, in usd, in treasury bonds, or in real estate, my net worth would be 1 million.
@_date: 2017-01-21 22:27:34


With all do respect, I don't think it is. I think you are unwilling to look at things objectively. My argument is not that he hasn't made money or that he hasn't done well in business (without tax returns, we are only guessing at what he is worth). ***My argument is that the strategy he has pursued to profit in business, does not lend itself well to running a country. As a businessperson you don't have to care (you should though) about going bankrupt and costing hundred or thousands of people jobs as long as you profit. As the President, you most definitely need to care if your actions will be putting thousands out of of work.*** So tl;dr, his business record (even if it is good-- which is far from evident to me) does not translate into being a good President. One way or another, we will find, **I urge you to keep an open mind and be willing to look at the facts even if they don't confirm your opinions. I will try to do the same.**
@_date: 2017-01-16 04:16:33
And if not in Canada/UK? :)
@_date: 2017-01-04 04:20:45
I have been trying to convince Intel of this same logic.
They should stop measuring their processors in nanometers and switch over to good ole' meters. Instead of a measurement of 14nm it would be much less confusing to call it  14 Billionths of a meter or 0.000000014 meters. /S
@_date: 2017-01-11 01:04:27
What is the decentralized solution?
@_date: 2017-01-18 23:27:46
What you are referring to is a redistribution of currency not a redistribution of the wealth that currency represents.
I'm not convinced of this. If Bitcoin was "THE global currency" as op stated, why would hodlers find it necessary to sell (Its logical to assume bitcoin would not be very volatile at this point, would be accepted everywhere, and would be the dominant currency so I'm not sure why hodlers would sell (the majority of their net worth) for another currency. To be sure, they would buy things, and spend Bitcoin, but there coins would be so much more valuable at that point that I don't believe it would have a meaningful redistributive effect.
@_date: 2017-01-13 04:44:40


No, not at all.
@_date: 2017-01-02 02:03:03
I think your right about the pause (consolidation? is that the correct term?) being helpful. I'm curious how you determined that $800 is the new floor/resistance level?
@_date: 2017-01-22 01:57:30


I said I wasn't going to respond. But you can't call something fake news just because you don't believe it. In 1974 Trump and his siblings inherited assets wirth approximately 200 million dollars from their father (split evenly that is 40 million dollars per kid). And that is an inheritance, not a loan. This is history, not fake news [(see: Politifact)]( (releasing his tax returns like every other president has done would clear this up). The original article reporting this was written by a conservative publication in the 1970's, this is not just election year hype, or "fake news." It is immature, and dangerous, to reject all news that you don't agree with as "fake news." The cognitive dissonance of Trump supporters is astounding.
@_date: 2017-01-21 08:05:28
or maybe more accurately it turns into a risk/reward thing that would make anyone less likely to wait but I think it would come down to risk tolerance and personality.
@_date: 2017-01-21 07:34:46
I'm familiar with the reasoning for doing both at the same time or blocksize first.
What is the reasoning for segwit first than blocksize increase later? If your intending to do a blocksize increase later anyway why not do them both now?
From my vague understanding there are some advantages to a SegWit hard fork over soft fork, no?
@_date: 2017-01-01 23:21:52
DONT DO IT. Even if it wasn't a scam (which i'm pretty sure it is without even reading your whole post), I don't see any real reason to buy dogecoin at this point.
@_date: 2017-01-23 03:44:22
I may have explained it in a confusing way (I probably did) but if you take some time to think about it, its not very confusing. Not more confusing than the current way we talk about bitcoin or the proposed Satoshi - Bits - mBTC - Bitcoin division. And Satoshi's are not Cents nor would they represnet "2 digits after the decimal place" as you seem to think. A satoshi refers to the digit that is EIGHT digits after the decimal point. That's currently the way it is, not an idea, so I think you might be misunderstanding or mistating something.
Can you explain what you are confused by specifically?
@_date: 2017-01-23 06:56:00
You are correct if we use micro-bitcoins as our base unit (.000000100 BTC) which you want (and many people) want to call "bits" than their would be 100 satoshis to a bit. But what your referring to as "bits" is just .00000100 BTC officially, we could call that bits, or anything else, it hasn't been decided officially. I am not opposed to the base unit being .000001 BTC if that makes sense monetarily, but there is no reason that "bits" has to refer to .000001 BTC. 
@_date: 2017-01-11 22:26:39
As an observer who hasn't been following this debate from the beginning its really frustrating to have to try to determine the truth by listening to two echo chambers.
Many people here think big block supporters must be greedy miners who care only about money and don't have a workable solution to the problem.
Many people over at think segwit is being pushed by the greed of the core devs and blockstream and see people on this subreddit as constantly spinning the debate and silencing opposing viewpoints rather than debating.
In my experience tends to be slightly better (but still biased) in explaining both sides of the argument in an open and somewhat balanced way that attempts to explain both sides. 
Here the conversation tends to comes across more like one sided spin or an echo chamber. Censorship also definitely undermines credibility.
I mean all this mostly as constructive criticism (for the community as a whole, not you in particular). I don't have a clear position on the issue yet. And is definitely where I spend most of my time. But I think the censorship and tone adopted here have really alienated a lot of people, bred distrust (as censorship always does), fractured the community, and made it hard for newcomers to understand the issue in a serious way. Not to mention, it makes the community look disorganized, unprofessional, and childish to outsiders which is not a good thing for bitcoin adoption.
@_date: 2017-01-10 05:39:41
not OP but I imagine he noticed the tipping point where adoption accelerated incredibly quickly, and since the network effect affects both social networks and bitcoin, would like to see how bitcoin adoption has been progressing.
@_date: 2017-01-08 07:19:30
but is it faster to say 25,500 than "One-fifty" (or even as you say it "one dollar 50")? (and if your response is going to be they always round to the nearest 1000 than why not drop the zeroes)
@_date: 2017-01-19 04:16:28
Well said. The moderators need to protect the quality of the conversation and enforce the rules. Gaming the upvote system is lame, a lot of what's being said (in both directions) is immature and divisive but I don't think it is serious enough warrant censorship.
@_date: 2017-01-17 02:03:49


You can't just say this without referencing a single one of those "independent researchers" and why they are a credible source and where they get their information. Anyone that has done real research (e.g. primary and secondary source research as opposed to reading blogs and listening to talk radio) would be aware that "every critical independent researcher" is not in agreement.


I tend to be somewhat skeptical and somewhat trusting of both Wikileaks and the CIA. I have no issue with you trusting Wikileaks more than the CIA, but recognize that they have a Bias (as does the US gov) and they act on that bias, and bear that in mind when you analyze what they say and do.


I agree with your first point. Your second point is false. Neither of your points discount my point, which was that US and Russia's divergent interests and Russia's provocative actions contributed to the failure of the Russian Reset. Secondly, I think it is unethical and irresponsible to approach the issue of chemical weapons use in Syria in any manner that isn't sober and extremely serious. We should not be deciding what facts we believe based on political convenience. 
* [Link 1: Wikipedia](
* [Link 2: Photo evidence (graphic)](
* [Link 3: This is how Sarin Gas Works (very graphic video)](


Not going to argue with that. This is often true. But that doesn't really negate anything I said. I'm not trying to say who is right or wrong. I'm trying to say that we have tried to improve relations with Russia before (and we should continue to) but that the US and Russia's divergent interests and Russia's provocation (Ukraine, etc) makes it very complicated to improve relations and a new president doesn't change that, and that new president is certainly not the first one to try and improve US-Russian relations.
I don't time have to keep engaging right now, but I would urge you to judge your sources for yourself, not accept what they say as truth, and I will try to do the same. Really there is much we agree on I think, but much we disagree on. I like that you are skeptical and not too willing to buy what the MSM sells, but you shouldn't blindly trust conservative media or liberal media, or alternative media either. Do your own research, its often dry, complicated, and boring, but it is the truth.
@_date: 2017-01-13 04:16:39
wait anti-trumpers????? did you get this backwards?
@_date: 2017-01-22 02:02:33
Also funny how you denounce me citing Bloomberg news as spin from the mainstream media. Yet you go on to cite Businessweek, another mainstream media outlet, and somehow that MSM article should be taken seriously yet the one you disagree with should be treated as MSM spin...
@_date: 2017-01-19 08:23:46
But the HODL comments are just as common or more common during dips and price crashes. There is an element of truth to what you say, but I think of it more as group solidarity and support as in "Hold the line" "stay strong." self serving, yes in a way, but I wouldn't consider it "propoganda" or in bad faith.
@_date: 2017-01-23 21:41:24


This is not what I am advocating. The term "Bit" would replace Satoshi. A "Bit" would  be less than a "Micro-Bitcoin" or a "Milli-Bitcoin," not less than a "Micro-Bit" which isn't a unit I am advocating. I did say the slang for Micro and Milli bitcoins could be "M-bit" and "U-bit" but I agree with you that that could be confusing. The more I think about this, the more complicated it seems, and the more I feel like we should wait until the price of BTC stabilizes before we decide what Units make sense.
I'm curious what your vision is? So tell me if I understand what your advocating.
* A base unit of "Bit" equal to 0.00000100 BTC (1 uBTC)
* A sub unit of "Satoshi" equal to 0.00000001 BTC (1 Satoshi, or 1/100 of a "Bit")
* And what about "Bitcoin" would that be a third unit in your system or would we drop that?
@_date: 2017-01-22 03:36:32
All independent analyses of Trump's economic plan's show that he will grow the national debt substantially.
@_date: 2017-01-19 05:44:16
Some quick back of the envelope math.
26,305 subscribers
$4 a day (a very low hypothetical "wage" these paid shills might be receiving)
= $38,400,000 a year
I know Ver is rich but I find it hard to believe he is stupid enough to pay 38 million dollars a year to 26,305 random redditors to spread misinformation. I find it much easier to believe that they're might just be 26,000 people that don't agree with the vision of the current core devs or that are worried about a conflict of interest. I really with the two sides would stop calling eachother paid shills (but hey, this is reddit, anyone that disagrees with you must be paid off) and actually talk to eachother in a respectful constructive way. The conversation here has gotten so juvenile and immature I'm beginning to see why most people don't take bitcoin seriously. Both sides have real issues, both sides shouldn't stop working for what they believe is right, but both sides *should* stop thinking they are the smartest, rightest, brightest person in the room and that anyone that disagrees with their opinion is either a paid shill or an idiot.
@_date: 2017-01-21 04:30:58


I think your confusing two similar concepts. (1) A business consistently outperforming the S&amp;P over several decades; and (2) An individual persons investments outperforming the S&amp;P. Trump (as an individual) received 40 million from his dad, he could've thrown it in an index fund or started a business, he chose business, if he chose to do nothing but let someone else invest it for him, he would be in the same place financially today more or less. That is not a great businessperson in my book.
If this were true rational actors (smart people) would then always put there money into the S&amp;P 500 as it carries almost no risk and will outperform alternative investments 99.9999% of the time. Your logic doesn't seem to add up (maybe I am missing something?). If you have a risky investment that will take lots of time and energy (Trump's businesses) and a secure investment that takes no time and energy (Index Fund) and the gains are about the same, why would you ever choose the former option, which is riskier and requires more time and energy, but doesn't result in greater reward?
Edit: Also, my investments have roughly matched S&amp;P over the last decade, Am I also in the .00001% club with trump?
@_date: 2017-01-02 20:34:11
You are misreading what he is saying. I did too at first, its not perfectly clear.
But what he is saying is, if:
1. You bought Bitcoin anytime in the last 2,912 days
2. AND held onto it (i.e. didn't day trade, cash out earlier, spend it, or get hacked).
2. AND you sold it all today
3. Then the people who bought on 2,903 of those days would profit and those who bought in on the 9 days where the price was highest would still not see a profit if they cashed out today.
I haven't checked into his numbers but what he is saying logically makes sense and is not disingenous as long as he is not trying to say that there is not considerable risk involved in speculating.
Edit: I imagine his point is that if everyone bought and held (common advice/a common refrain on this sub) without trying to day trade, getting scared and selling when the price crashed, letting fear make their decisions for them, etc, than almost nobody would be in the red right now. 
@_date: 2017-01-22 03:45:04
I don't disagree. Although, it can also be said that almost every bad businessperson has a history of failure also. Failure is beneficial when we learn from it, I'm not convinced Trump is capable of recognizing his failures or capable of learning from them. This is not a good quality in a person.
@_date: 2017-01-24 01:06:37
I'm confused. I thought you were advocating the use of the term "Bit" to represent 1/100,000 of a Bitcoin (0.00000100 btc), not as an abbreviation for Bitcoin as it is currently defined. Did I misunderstand you?
@_date: 2017-01-19 08:43:17
damn, that is disappointing to here. I'll wait for hard numbers before accepting this as fact though. But I could believe it if this were true.
@_date: 2017-01-16 04:22:11
If you don't know what an index fund is or where to buy one. I would caution against taking some random person's advice on the internet. I agree with that "random person on the internet" that investing in an index fund is smart, simple, relatively safe, etc (then again, I'm also just "some random person on the internet").
I don't mean to imply that you were going to just accept some random persons advice without doing your own research. But, It seemed like it was worth mentioning.
Here are a couple links to get you started on that research:
[Index Funds - Investopedia](
[Index vs Mutual Funds](
@_date: 2017-01-04 03:48:02
Hyperbole, half informed over the top statements, Jumping to extremes....
Come on guys this is the internet! we're better than tha.. Oh wait.
I mean uh...
This is Reddit! we're better than th.. shit.
well than, at least
This is we're better than.. jesus christ nevermind.
@_date: 2017-01-19 08:09:48
I believe there are even wallets out (or announced at least) that apparently let you hold in fiat and spend in Bitcoin. So theoretically you could keep your investment in BTC in a paper wallet and keep a wallet that stores fiat and exchanges to btc at POS (essentially bitpay in reverse I guess).
@_date: 2017-01-19 08:46:17
I stand corrected. Thanks for breaking it down for me, that makes sense. 
On a personal note, since my first bitcoin purchase was at about $940/btc my tax bill wouldn't look so bad :)
@_date: 2017-01-22 03:38:40
Well reasoned positions are fake news. I don't believe in them. /s
@_date: 2017-01-16 23:21:52


entirely possible. entirely unfounded. entirely in line with the divisive and conspiratorial tone this debate has taken on.
@_date: 2017-01-22 02:48:44


I can see how people could feel this way. And I know people on both sides, feel the other side has engaged in this goalpost shifting. I know many people on the big block side of things support segwit but just want some guarantee that on-chain scaling will be pursued as well, and feel that they have continually compromised but haven't been met with the same. On the other side, it sounds like you all feel that SegWit is a blocksize increase and is a compromise, and that big block proponents won't recognize that and want a traditional/simple block size limit increase.
To me, I think good people can have honest disagreements on complex issues and at the core that's what this is. But that the controversy and bad blood has obscured that. I understand the grievances and fears of the big block side of things, and can empathize with their position and share some of their concerns about governance. I don't yet understand the other side's perspective well enough to have a clear opinion. So thanks for helping me to understand, and keeping the vitriol, hyperbole, and conspiracy theories out of it!


This is an interesting perspective I haven't thought about before. I see your reasoning, I'm not sure I believe that things will unfold that way, but I'll definitely give it some thought because it is a reasonable perspective.
@_date: 2017-01-02 02:17:10
That's the beauty of the Up/Downvoting system. Mine doesn't either. I can post, we can talk about things for 5 minutes, and then it can be downvoted into obscurity or fizzle out and we can all move on (this is what I intended to happen and I see no problem with it).
Also if your issue is with taking space on the front page (this post is not and was not on it--ever), I imagine If I were to look at the 17 posts currently on the front page that say something along the lines of "Bitcoin hits 1000" and don't add anything to the conversation, I would see that you have written "DUMB" in all of those too, right? Because your issue is taking up space on the front page, right? Has nothing to do with this post being the only one that isn't positive, right?
Also, I have no issue with the "we hit 1000" posts, it feels good, we have waited a long time for this and I hope it keeps rising. I just found the sheer number of those posts amusing (and the upvotes they rake in) and wanted to make light of that.
@_date: 2017-01-12 05:49:01
And a much larger percentage are &gt;20 and also don't know anything...
@_date: 2017-01-01 22:10:43
EDIT: I was not reading what you were saying right. After re-reading I gather you were talking about waiting to SELL at $2/mBTC.
~~If I am reading what you are saying right, no, don't wait.~~
~~I believe your assuming that if the price hits $2 per mBTC it will be a safer investment somehow but that is not necessarily the case. During the last spike, if you had waited for the price to hit $1000/BTC you would have bought at the very top and spent the next two years watching the price drop from $1000/BTC to $250/BTC (an unrealized loss of 75%).~~
~~It may seem counterintuitive but it is ideal to buy in "price troughs" and then hold (or sell when the price jumps back up). Or, if you believe in the longterm prospects of bitcoin many people would advise you to buy on a predetermined schedule without considering the price when you buy in order to take emotion out of your decision to buy/sell. I don't do this myself but I see the wisdom in it.~~
If you (have a good reason to) believe bitcoin will rise to BTC=$2000 / mBTC=$2 you should invest now and cash out at $2000 or keep holding if you are still optimistic when it hits 2k. There is a substantial chance that the price will drop before hitting 2k (assuming that it does hit 2k) so waiting for that dip would not be a bad choice either (thought that dip may never happen). Maybe you are starting to see the uncertainty and complexity of predicting what the market will do.
@_date: 2017-01-04 03:41:02
Nope. It doesn't make it false. It could still be true. But pointing out that those markets could be described the same way puts things in context, and is completely relevant. The point trying to be made is: if these other markets have the same characteristics as bitcoin and bitcoin is a pyramid scheme, these other markets must be pyramid schemes also; and if these other markets aren't pyramid schemes bitcoin must not be either. It is pointing out the hypocrisy and (probably unconscious) bias of the author. Even if you think the author is right and bitcoin meets the definition of a pyramid scheme, not applying that label to other markets with the same characteristics is sort of like claiming vanilla icrecream makes you fat and not applying that same logic to chocolate, or cookies'n'cream.
You have to admit these two headlines read very differently, and you would react very differently to the latter:
- Breaking News: Hard Hitting Investigative Journalism By The Financial Times Reveals Bitcoin Is A Pyramid Scheme.
- Breaking News:  Hard Hitting Investigative Journalism By The Financial Times Reveals Stocks, Bonds, Real Estate, Gold, Bitcoin, The Dollar, And The Euro Are Pyramid Schemes.
Your point is valid though, just because these other things are similar doesn't mean bitcoin isn't.
@_date: 2017-01-21 07:11:16
I'm not really sure that the argument he is making needed one.
@_date: 2017-01-22 23:39:32
Numbers and periods and comma's are not "English." So why would it matter whether a country speaks English or not in the context of this discussion?
Edit (more info from wikipedia):


@_date: 2017-01-18 01:52:13
@_date: 2017-01-02 02:21:15
IIRC, there are some pretty established wallet companies that explicitly ask you to test your recovery mnemonic (I'm speaking in the context of Software Wallets-- not hardware-- so maybe that is different). I believe Mycelium or GreenAddress is the company I'm referring to. Can you elaborate on cost/benefit of never testing it and why you reccomend this?
@_date: 2017-01-07 01:11:11
Yeah, please DO NOT BRING the moonposts, we made it to $____ dollars posts, and the rest of the cheerleading over to Telling people to post their low quality content over there is like kicking someone out of a bar for being too loud and rowdy and recommending they go to the library instead because its a better fit for them.
@_date: 2017-01-13 02:03:10


Your right. That is why it is important to be conscious of tone as a writer. In fact it was the hole reason I decided to comment. I started out trying to give a little constructive criticsm about how your tone *sounded.* Its sort of on the writer to get his tone across (thats the reason we write "/s" if we are being sarcastic). Tone is hard to get across in writing, I wanted to let you know how it sounded to an outsider. 




I get where your coming from and I even partially agree, but I think its sort of an immature statement. You should give a shit what Satoshi thought and you should look at it as relevant. It doesn't mean whatever he says goes or that he is never wrong. But as I understand it, Bitcoin is largely his brain child, his opinion should matter. Saying "Satoshi wrote blablabla" doesn't make an argument invincible, but it does lend the argument some credibility and put the burden of proof on the other side. 
If i have an idea to improve the US constitution, or to improve Tesla's electric cars, I deserve to be listened to, and if my idea is better, no expert opinion should stand in its way. But it would be naive of me to not consider the thinking and writing of the Founding Fathers (those who crafted the constitution of the US) in the first example and Elon Musk (or Tesla engineers) in the second example. Taking their words and thoughts lightly would be both arrogant and irresponsible of me. So no, don't treat Satoshi as God or never question his ideas. But a technology that we all believe in was his brainchild, I think its logical to take his opinion seriously, this doesn't mean you need to agree, but you should at least consider it.
I want to reiterate again that, I am a non-combatant in this fight, I have no position, but I have been turned off by the rhetoric and tactics on both sides but more so on and I just want to provide some constructive criticism about how things come off from an outsiders perspective.
Take it with a grain of salt if you wish (I think you already have)
@_date: 2017-01-21 07:26:52
I'm curious why you think it is somehow wrong to believe in or talk about other cryptocurrencies. He is one of the biggest proponents of bitcoin on the planet and gets paid in and lives on bitcoin. He is obviously not trying to undermine it. So why is it so wrong to have an interest in other cryptocurrencies?
And as for:


You don't have to care about his opinion if you don't want to. But he has earned respect with much of the community for his commitment to bitcoin, his honesty, integrity, the respect he shows towards others and opposing viewpoints, his ability to communicate complex ideas, and for generally being a good guy. That doesn't make his opinion the end all be all on bitcoin or any other topic. But it is an opinion many people respect, and many people count on to be honest and open.
@_date: 2017-01-16 05:10:41


In some ways yes in some ways no. I Know why you are saying it is worse (he could fuck up his relationship, be very stressed, hurt his reputation) and I agree with you.
But maybe you are not considering the potential advantages too.
1. **No monthly payment** which gives him 4-8 years before he has to come up with 10k (that means op could lose everything and still pay back the loan if he can save $3-7 dollars a day from another income source).
2. **Flexibility &amp; No effect on credit score** If I loaned my kid 10k for 4-8 years and he paid me back in 9 I would probably be irritated and maybe nervous but I wouldn't be too bothered, I think a bank would be a little stricter about this :)
3. **No interest** (or if there is, it goes to a loved one)
4. **Dad is potentially a better judge** of whether it is a smart loan to make or not, because he knows his kid better than a bank does, and better than we do (then a again a bank understands finance better than dad, and we understand bitcoin better than either dad or the bank).
And just as a counterpoint to the general consensus in this thread I have a question to ponder. If OP makes a risky 10k investment and loses everything, most of us would say that that's a shame but he knew the risk, he made the choice, the fault was his own. But, consider that their are two risky choices being made by OP and his Dad: (1) invest borrowed money in BTC and (2) loan your kid 10k for an investment. Shouldn't the personal responsibility and due diligence that we ask of OP also apply to his dads decision to loan the 10k (e.g. shouldn't dad have asked himself at the point of agreeing to the loan "is this more than I can afford to lose" are my expectations realistic)? If you feel differently or I missed something, let me know, I'm not a parent so I might be missing something. FWIW I still wouldn't be comfortable investing the money in a very aggressive manner if I were in OP's shoes (but this prudence/timidity also kept me from buying any $200 coins during the big dip)
@_date: 2017-01-17 06:59:09




You forgot an option (I think):
They sell it, it increases supply and decreases value the value of the total bitcoin in circulation for everyone.
Win. Win. Lose-ish?
@_date: 2017-01-01 20:52:22


Keep in mind that you are asking this question to a group of people that have already asked themselves the same question and made the decision to invest in bitcoin. So while many people on here are smart and honest and helpful, as a whole, this forum is very much scewed towards relentless optimism.  So bear that in mind.
Also, understand that investing in BTC can largely be regarded as speculating. There is huge upside potential, but there is also great downside risk. Owning BTC might make you rich someday, it might make you a couple bucks, and it might never reach its potential and you will lose every penny you invested.
Also, bear in mind, many of us invested in bitcoin just before, during, or after the last (&gt;$1000) price spike and have just recently (in the last 6 months give or take) seen our investments turn profitable. This is not a reason not to invest, but it is a reality check, don't put money into BTC expecting to double your money overnight. You might do it, but its just as likely that you won't. I myself bought in on the downslope of the last major spike (first @ $800, then $600, and a lot in the $400-500 range). I am in the positive now, but it took over two years.
Right now the price of bitcoin is spiking after a long and slow climb over the last year (+/-), history shows us that the price is likely to pullback somewhat after a spike. But what nobody knows is whether we are at the peak of the spike now or whether it continues to climb to $1200, $1500, or maybe even $2000-25000 before their is a pullback.
In short. Bitcoin can be a good investment. But be realistic about what that investment is--speculative. As a rule of thumb, risk and reward are not independent of eachother in investing. This is true of Bitcoin the potential reward is substantial but the risk is also quite high.
All that said, I am quite positive about bitcoin, and would encourage you to buy some (not more than you can afford to lose). You will have the potential to make a little money and in the process you can learn a lot about investing, markets, money, the blockchain, economics, risk, and financial technology. Just don't get into this expecting to "get rich quick" or under the belief that bitcoins success is inevitable.
@_date: 2017-01-22 04:27:32




'nuf said.
@_date: 2017-01-10 23:54:14
I am of the camp that feels that it is irresponsible to trust a security product if its source code and inner workings can't be independently verified. In a perfect world all security software would be open source, and the hardware it runs on would be open as well. I truly want this to be the case someday. But reality is often a bit more complicated. 
I'm not a programmer, so i can't speak to the  technical merits of their argument, but Yubico the maker of the Yubikey (a company that is, i think, rather well respected and established) recently published [a blog post]( explaining why they're latest product will not be open source. Essentially they're argument is that there are advantages and disadvantages to using "Secure Hardware" (aka a secure element) and to using open hardware/software but that the advantages of both are not compatible and cannot easily be combined into a "best of both worlds solution." Now I am just paraphrasing their reasoning, not endorsing it. But it seems like it might shed some light on this discussion. iirc, the ledger nano s, does use a "secure element" so maybe they have arrived at the same conclusion as Yubico. I do hope, that Yubico is wrong, or technology progresses and we can get hardware devices that are both secure and open. 
Here is a link to the Ledger Nano S product page:
If anyone with more technical expertise can shed more light on the intricacies of secure elements / open hardware that would be great.
***Edit: It seems that that Ledger has [a blog post]( that directly addresses what we are discussing.***
@_date: 2017-01-21 23:48:14


Haha. That is quite Ironic. Clearly I did misinterpret what your were implying. Usually when people criticize others for being "Alt Coin Pumpers" on it seems like they are just being reactionary and trying to defend bitcoins market and the price of their BTC holdings. I wrongly assumed you were doing the same. So considering you are a developer for an alt-coin why do you consider it wrong for Andreas to be excited about Eth (He has talked positively about the need for a coin that focuses on the anonymity features of crypto as well--maybe Monero)?




Good point, but I'm pretty sure it didn't need to be stated, as I said that word for word in the quote you are responding to :)


That's totally fine. You have the right form your own opinions, we all do. I was simply stating the many legitimate reasons many people do respect his opinion. That doesn't mean you have to trust his opinons, or that he is right all the time (spolier alert: he isn't, you aren't, and I'm not).


In the abstract I wouldn't disagree with you. People in general and people in especially idolize and vilify (and craft conspiracy theories about) prominent personalities waaaaaaay too much, without examining or thinking critically about the issues. This is applies to Andreas, The Core Dev's, The mod's of the mods of Roger, Mike, Satoshi, Gavin, and many more people. Also, all of these people are listened to for a reason, they shouldn't be listened to blindly, but their opinions do matter (even if you disagree with them). It's irritating to see how quick the bitcoin community is to worship or villify bitcoin's most prominent personalities, we probably agree on that. But I'm a little insulted that you would characterize my comments as "[singling Andreas] out as a demigod," as this could not be further from the truth and I think if you go back and reread my comments you will agree. I trust Andreas' opinion, not because he is the leading expert on Bitcoin (he readily admits their are others much more qualified in that respect), I trust his opinion because I have observed his long track record of speaking honestly, openly, and fairly, because he respects differing opinions, and because he strikes me as someone with integrity. That is the type of voice I think we need more of in the community as a whole and in the blocksize discussion specifically.
@_date: 2017-01-02 01:57:21
not a spam post, but i agree it isn't very helpful, but it wasn't meant to be (I am OP). It was meant to be mildly funny and poke a little fun at the 20 posts on the front page saying $1000 and the tendency of and humanity in general (us-- me included) to over post good news and ignore bad news. Also, if you come to this sub expecting every post to be "helpful" I imagine the tone of conversation over the last year or two has been dissapointing. This forum has shifted from a mix of technical, economic, and political discussion, news, debate, and conversation, to mostly just being conversation with a bit of rest every now and then. So one more post that doesn't add to the discussion doesnt really hurt anything in my opinion.
@_date: 2017-01-20 11:30:56
he's gone bankrupt a handful of times along the way, causing hundreds or thousands of people to lose their jobs and soo many of his companies and product lines have failed. You can get away with that in the private sector. You Cannot do that with a country.
@_date: 2017-01-25 20:55:29
Yea, I was serious. Somehow I thought you were advocating using Bit to refer to 100 satoshi. Thanks for explaining your thoughts on the matter, that clears some confusing up for me. So now that I understand you more, I can see that our two ideas are actually pretty similar. Only difference is that I was advocating changing the name of Satoshis to Bits but I'm not tied to that, I just think more marketable terms than "Bitcoin" "milli-bitcoin" "micro-bitcoin" and "satoshi" would be desirable.
I'm curious how you came up with the words mill and crow, and why they make sense to everyone? I'm not familiar with the terms if they are used already.
@_date: 2017-01-22 03:40:46
I don't believe in people with pre-existing condition or poor people. We all know that this is just a big mainstream media fake news conspiracy to undermine trump. /s
@_date: 2017-01-08 06:32:02
It seems to me that at this stage its not a bad thing to have multiple denominations that different people and different countries use based on their own preference (what they are familiar with) until it is more clear what the value of a bitcoin or satoshi or whatever else is relative to its purchasing power or to other currencies. And at that point, consensus on naming will have emerged or we can discuss things further at that point. (Not saying we need to stop discussing things now though).
Now, I'm not saying some people can call 1/1000 of a bitcoin a millibit and 1/1,000,000 a bit and others can call 1/1000 of a bitcoin and 1/1,000,000 something else.
What I am saying is, psychology would probably be different country to country. Sure in the US and Europe, as many people have mentioned, we don't want to be see a 25,000,000 bit price tag on a new car (or anything else), it seems expensive, and is not intuitive. But a pricetag of 25,000 mBTC doesn't seem as expensive and is pretty similar to what we are used to already (maybe a 25 BTC pricetag would be even better). But the same reason super small units of accounting don't appeal to us (we aren't used to it/seems expensive/not intuitive) might be why another culture prefers to use bits. As another commenter mentioned in the Korean Won is near parity with the Bit, so that unit might make the most sense for them, be pretty intuitive, and not feel expensive.
@_date: 2017-01-17 07:27:12
@_date: 2017-01-18 06:14:23


Your very right in a way, and I can see why my point is not that obvious/clear. I'll try to break it down a bit.
1. Bitcoin is deflationary which creates an incentive to save/hold if possible.
2. If you are rich it is easier to save a larger portion of your income than if you are poor.
2. Early adopters (roughly 1m-20m individuals?) already own 16 million BTC iirc. And realistically, just a few of the earliest adopters probably own the lions share of that.
3. That leaves 5 million BTC to be distributed over the next 140 years
4. If bitcoin were to become "A global currency" as OP posits, a user base of 1-10 Billion  would not be an unrealistic estimate.
5. If we settle for a middle figure of 5B new users, each of them on average would own .001 BTC (obviously, it is unrealistic to assume no early adopters would be selling BTC along the way but lets keep the example simple-- and remember that it is in their best interest not to sell)
6. Total USD ['base money']( the closest thing we have to a global currency now-- is about 3.5 Trillion dollars
7. That means if Bitcoin became a global currency its market cap could easily grow from 16 billion to 3500 billion (a 22,000% increase)
8. In our example, this would lead to a roughly 22,000% increase in price (435k per bitcoin) meaning that on average early adopters would own about $850,000 worth of BTC (if we assume 8m early adopters w/ an average of 2 BTC) and late adopters would own $435. If you currently own say 200 BTC or 2000 BTC or 20000 the value of your wealth in USD or would be 87 Million, 870 million, or 8.7 billion dollars respectively.
9. This would lead result in a situation where some people own a great amount of total BTC, a few million people own the vast majority of the remainder, and a few billion people own relatively little (this is not necessarily unfair-- with great risk comes great reward and all that-- but its not healthy for a society to be so unequal)
10. Now to be sure miners, weak hands, businesses, etc would be selling off BTC along the way, and late adopters would be able to buy that up, but as price rise (as a result of demand growing exponentially and supply staying limited) people would need to sell less of their BTC to support themselves. Currently you need to sell 1 btc to get a little less than $1000 but at 435k/btc you would only need to sell .002 BTC to get a little less than $1000.
11. So as price rises, early adopters have to sell less to buy things and support themselves and have more incentive to save/hold which reduces supply even though demand has become massive.
I'm not sure if my long-winded explanation actually clarifies anything or just makes it appear more complicated. But in my defense, this is practically an entire subfield of economics and I'm not known for being concise. :)
Essentially most bitcoins have already been mined or are already owned, if supply stays the same and demand increases exponentially, the price should increase exponentially, enriching early adopters and making it hard for late adopters to buy in. Rich people save much more of their money than poorer people, therefore those who get rich early in bitcoins history will have a much easier time holding onto that wealth than those who are late to the came. This unequal distribution acts like the snowball effect: The richer you are, the more you can save (and invest), which enriches you further (in relative terms), and on and on it goes. This is not particular to bitcoin, and this is only relevant to "bitcoin the potential global currency" not bitcoin the asset/commodity (it works in the same way, but it is not as important at smaller scales).
If you want to do your own research (or consider my explanation to be unreadable) here are a few links:
[927 people own half of bitcoin - Business Insider - 2013](
[How Bitcoin is like North Korea - Yahoo Finance - 2014](
[Bitcoin + Gini Coefficient (measure of inequality)](
I'm not endorsing any of these articles, in fact I disagree with some of their assertions, but there is some good info in there too. Be warned though, they are mainstream articles so don't be surprised if you come across FUD and hyperbole. :)
Also, I'll leave you with an analogy. Too much wealth inequality is analogous to too much mining centralization. Instead of miners having much hashing power in the hands of a few giving them disproportionate power, and threatening health of the network, Early adopters would have too much economic power giving them disproportionate power in society and threatening the health of our economy and democracies. So in a sense high inequality = centralization | relatively low inequality = decentralization.
Edit: Also [Wikipedia](
@_date: 2017-01-19 08:16:43
Wait do you mean to say:




@_date: 2017-01-11 01:03:07
This is probably taking it too far if you have half a bitcoin in your trezor, but technically, don't we (or Satoshilabs) need to trust their hardware suppliers and that they're supply chain isn't compromised (MITMed) both from supplier to SatoshiLabs and from SatoshiLabs to the customer.
@_date: 2017-01-22 04:17:23
In general I agree, but I have seen the same argument made by conservative watchdog groups, non partisan groups, and liberal groups, as well as the mainstream media.


~ Tax Policy Institute
[LA Times - National Debt Would Skyrocket under Trump](
[NY Times - Donald Trump Tax Plan Would Add debt](
[The proposals on Mr Trump's website would raise the debt by 12.1 Trillion](
@_date: 2017-01-18 23:51:54


I totally agree, and I explain that to people all the time. 


I think this is far from universally true. I agree that a lot of the early adopters were probably "clued in and promoted bitcoin" but many others were just tinkerers, curious, trying to buy some internet drugs with internet money, etc. I hardly think someone who forgot about a few thousand btc on a hard drive, or bought 5000 btc to buy some marijuana and only spent 4500 btc and forgot about the 500 coins remaining for 5 years, or mined a few thousand coins to test things out and then got bored or found another hobby qualify as important visionaries who "were probably fairly clued in and promoted bitcoin to the point where it is today" or who "create the most value."


They will. But history, and economics, show us that they will not buy enough things for meaning redistribution, and as a group wealthy people will spend less of their money buying things than less wealthy people as a group. This is not specific to bitcoin, this is economics, but it applies to bitcoin as well.


No arguments from me on this point.
@_date: 2017-01-22 10:42:16


*Personally* I am of the same opinion. But when I put myself in the shoe's of the guy who actually makes that call, and actually risks being the person single highhandedly responsible for throwing the US economy and the world into an even deeper recession, costing 10's of millions of people their jobs, knowing that all his advisers (as beholden to banking interests as they might be) are telling him he *has to bail them out.* If I put myself in *that position,* that would be a tough decision to make and live with if things didn't turn out well, I'm not sure what call I would make. But I do agree, from where I stand right now, I would have liked to see much tougher treatment of the responsible parties and a much better regulatory response to the underlying causes of the financial crisis.
@_date: 2017-01-16 04:44:30


Yeah, I kind of agree with you. I also partially agree, with the many people who have been cautioning against OP's decision. I think OP and his father both need to go into this with their eyes open, they could lose everything, they could win big, reality will probably fall somewhere in the middle. But Bitcoin is a very risky investment no matter how much you believe in it, if it wasn't, we wouldn't be early adopters, and the potential for growth wouldn't be so great.
But, I do think, many people here have been too quick to judge the situation. OP said "I've been asking my dad to invest in bitcoin for so long." So its entirely possible that Dad started out skeptical to bitcoin, after lots of discussion started to see the potential, and decided "okay, i'll give my kid, and this weird new possibly promising technology, a chance, considering the downside risk and upside potential, I am comfortable loaning/giving him 10k." Or maybe Dad said "well shit, I was planning on giving buying him a car for HS graduation or for college, or I was planning on giving helping him with a downpayment on his house in the future, but he's excited about bitcoin now, and he could be right about its potential, so i'll give him the money now and see what happens."
But I do agree with the prevailing sentiment here. Don't treat bitcoin as a sure thing and don't pretend it is to your dad, it is risky, it is speculative, it shows a lot of promise, and holds huge potential (but also risk). Don't believe half of what you read here (many people here are very smart, well informed, realistic, involved, and helpful, but a big chunk of what gets posted here is half-baked pseudo-economics, unwavering optimism, or the result of confirmation bias. Be excited about bitcoin, thats good, invest in it if you believe in it and can afford to, but be realistic and think through all possible outcomes (including the bad ones).
*Edit: Also, your decision to invest and then hold for a long period of time is good advice. Obviously pay attention to what's going on in the market, industry, and news and adjust your strategy based on how things change, but a long term strategy where you are not tempted to sell every time the price drops by is smart*
@_date: 2017-01-02 02:00:24
your right mostly.. it was a pointless post, BUT.. so is taking the time to come on here and post "Dumb." Essentially your post is the same as the one you criticize except to voice your irritation you wrote "Dumb" instead of voicing it through sarcasm (maybe shitty sarcasm) like this post attempts to do.
@_date: 2017-01-12 06:31:47
Welcome. Good question but asking a question like that will get you lots of answers, mostly different, and sometimes contradictory.
The most basic explanation (and least helpful) is that: more people found it in their best interest to sell than to buy (supply/demand).
It is largely speculative at this point meaning people are looking into the future and assessing whether they think the price is likely to go up or down, and they make their decision to buy or sell bitcoin based on that (just like you would with a stock). They make this determination through looking at the fundamentals (is merchant acceptance increasing? is the technology improving? what about new regulations?) and through technical analysis (using charts, history, and trends to try to predict future movements), as well as thinking about the psychology of the crowd, and less logical reasons (gut feeling, etc).
Actual events, or news of those events, can also obviously have a large effect on the price. In the past when Silk Road was shut down I believe the price crashed, In 2013/2014 the price dropped partially as a result of news that China was going to "ban bitcoin." Now we are again seeing the price drop as a result of "China bans bitcoin" type headlines again. It is very hard to say what the "cause" of a change in price is. We can prove correlations but it is very hard to prove the cause of a change in price.
What determines the price of bitcoin, is really not that different from what determines the price in most markets. It is more volatile and less predictable than many larger, more mature markets, but many of the same principles apply: A bunch of people make decisions they believe to be in their self interest, based on the info they have, this effects supply and demand, and supply and demand controls price more or less.
This leaves you with a few options in regards to buying bitcoin:
1. Buy and hold
2. Buy and trade on an exchange (trying to take advantage of price fluctuations-- more risk-- more reward)
3. Don't buy and wait for things to stabilize (or buy just a little bit to test the waters)
@_date: 2017-01-23 03:50:41
Gotcha, and I get your point.
@_date: 2017-01-23 03:53:58
I get your point, and its worth keeping in mind but if people need to learn the term "256 bit AES encryption" to use Bitcoin, I think mainstream adoption is a loooooooong way off. I bet a good chunk of the US isn't even sure if they believe in encryption or whether it is an evil technology used by terrorists and criminals after the Apple vs FBI case.
@_date: 2017-01-11 21:50:59
I know but in this context, what does that mean specifically? Practically speaking?
@_date: 2017-01-01 23:10:21
For an ELI5ish definition:
A little more homework (I've just skimmed the articles so I'm not endorsing either):
@_date: 2017-01-19 01:01:37


I'm running out of steam to keep continuing on the topic right now. But I'd be interested to explore this, and learn more about what you mean by it (sounds intriguing).
@_date: 2017-01-23 03:47:14
Yea, I'm fully not following that logic, or why it would be more "universal."
@_date: 2017-01-19 09:00:35


Both I think. But most prominently in the volatility directly after a bubble or large price movement (which you might be considering part of the bubble). I agree the frequency with which the "hodl" "moon" and "this is actually good news" comments get pulled out is rather silly.
But it is somewhat dependent on context. I am on fairly often and it gets used a bit different over there since people pay a lot more attention to hourly and daily and weekly price movement a lot closer than they do on Also, they are a little less ideologically enamoured with bitcoin so that affects how they use it there to.
@_date: 2017-01-17 02:32:26
come on man, you can't just denounce anything you don't believe in as "liberal or lies." If you have an argument make it. But this is just hiding from opinions you disagree with. An argument should be able to stand by itself no mater who says it.
@_date: 2017-01-21 23:56:12
Hey, thanks for the response. I'm not sure I understand your logic in the third bullet point, can you elaborate:


Proponents of a block size increase, think the best chance of a blocksize increase is prior to or at the same time as segwit because right now the Core Dev's have an incentive to compromise. Once segwit is implemented they have no incentive to compromise, and thus, a block size increase becomes much less likely. Would you mind explaining to me why you think the opposite would be true?
@_date: 2017-01-04 04:16:46
Actually your right, I hadn't thought of that, but if you make the same statement about the DOW, you wouldn't be saying much. I would imagine most days would be higher than almost all days that came before (obviously recessions could be exceptions to this).
However, there are a ton of individual stocks/assets/currencies that don't perform this way, this is especially true of cryptocurrencies
@_date: 2017-01-15 21:26:38
Tone isn't always apparent on the internet. But try not to make assumptions. 
I promise I am actually just interested in hearing what experiences you had that made you feel the way you do, since my experience, and my worldview is very different.
Its not really that constructive to only talk to people you agree. I try engage with and understand people that I don't already agree with. Unfortunately, its often met with defensiveness or animosity.
@_date: 2017-01-02 02:30:53
Sure. But my opinion that eating raw chicken often results in food poisoning is also guilty of hindsight bias. In the past, when I consumed undercooked chicken, I was more likely to get sick than normal. I noticed a pattern, in hindsight. Therefore, I don't eat raw chicken. Will I get sick every time I eat raw chicken in the future? Probably not. Will I never get sick now that I dont eat raw chicken? Probably not. Can my past experience with raw chicken predict my future experience with raw chicken with 100% certainty? no. But it will give me some idea what to expect in the future.
Admittedly, my analogy is a little over the top, but I think it illustrates the same principle. You can't use history to predict the future with certainty but historical patterns certainly help you to interpret the present and plan for the future.
@_date: 2017-01-10 03:04:29
ew facebook
@_date: 2017-01-24 08:04:31


You answered your own question. It is clearly about Bitcoin, and unless you can point to other political campaigns in major countries that prominently feature bitcoin donations I would say it counts as news. That said, it does seem kind of trashy to be "spreading the news" around bitcoin forums in the hopes of getting donations.
@_date: 2017-01-22 04:22:18
They don't strike me as angry. You seem to like to call people you disagree with angry though.
@_date: 2017-01-11 00:23:04


Sure, but this where open source software really shines. The code is readable and observable. So to trust an open source software wallet you could:
- Best Case Scenario: you or someone you trust could audit and independently verify the code giving you a high level of trust.
- Less Ideal but still good: you can rely on other smart people to audit the code and expose flaws or backdoors, you are than placing some of your trust in these strangers (and the wisdom of crowds since essentially your crowdsourcing your opinion on the security of the software). This only establishes partial trust but more trust than closed source.
- Even less ideal but still worth something: You can place your trust in the logic that if the creators of the software wallet had something to hide in the code they would not risk open sourcing it and if they did try to hide a backdoor in plain site, that someone would have discovered it. This shouldnt give you much certainty that the product is secure/not backdoored, but it should give you much more confidence than a closed source product in my opinion.
The issue with hardware wallets (why this *is* unique to hardware) is that even if all the software is open source, audited, trusted, etc, they're is no guarantee that the closed source firmware which it runs on, or the microcode on the chips themselves, or the hardware itself, does what it claims, is what it claims, or hasn't been tampered with.
*disclaimer: I am not a programmer, I have done a fair amount of research into this subject, but am far from an expert, and far from qualified to make up my own mind on these very complex issues, I am mostly paraphrasing what I learned from others who are more technically informed than myself.*
@_date: 2017-01-02 02:03:28
for the 46th time.
@_date: 2017-01-18 01:27:21
Before I get into the details this is how I see things overall. I don't think that your version of things is impossible, I do think it is improbable given what we know. I do not think the evidence we have *PROVES* Russian interference and hacking designed to benefit Trump, but there is a strong body of evidence, that supports Russian hacking and interference as highly probable. If we (those of us without a security clearance) ever want to know conclusively we need more information (from the Intelligence community, from Wikileaks, from Craig Murray-- if his claim is legit). I do think it is telling that after Trump was briefed on the evidence his statement was "It was probably Russia" and that afaik the only groups rejecting that Russia is likely behind the hacks are Trump supporters and the Russian media/state. One way or another, every American should want to know the truth, whatever it is (both truths-- (1) whether Russia was behind the hacks and manipulation and whether the Trump campaign new anything (2) the content of emails and other information released.
Continued below....
@_date: 2017-01-11 01:22:28
No problem! I hope it helps. If anyone knows of similar articles from Trezor or Keepkey or any other hardwallet makers, I would be interested in hearing why they think they're approach is the right way, and it would be cool to have the perspectives of all three major hardwallet makers + yubikey in the same place.
@_date: 2017-01-22 04:48:03
Eight years, we'll see. And I'm not a Democrat.
@_date: 2017-01-11 23:29:35
Hey thanks for engaging with me in a good faith way.


No need to have doubts, I was only referring to my own anecdotal experience when engaging with both communities, and as the only living expert on my own anecdotal experience, I can assure you that that was my experience. :)


I think your right to an extent. Having to have the same fight day in and day out hardens our opinions and makes us more callous. But what you call misinformation someone else calls information and what they call disinformation you might call the truth. Many people over at r/btc also feel like you, they feel that they have to invest a lot of time debunking disinformation and faulty logic. I think the truth would shine through better if both sides were engaging in meaningful discussion in the same place and "non combatants" could judge the merits of the two arguments side by side and not have to choose which walled garden they want to join.


Keeping things readable is good but I think that is maybe not the correct explanation. The day we hit $1000 there were 17 threads on the front page (sorted by popularity) of referencing that in the title without adding much more to the conversation than quoting the price. If readability was the issue it seems this would be a bigger issue than recurring blocksize debates and arguments which at least have the potential to be substantive. I wasn't especially active here in 2015 and early 2016 so I don't want to judge the censorship too harshly (maybe it was a legitimate response to a bunch of trolling, propoganda, etc). But people getting banned just for mentioning certain alternatives to core or certain words does not sound justified if it is true, and there is still a lot of pro segwit spin on here so if propoganda was the issue, censor it all, not just one side.
I will follow up on your argument that *"claims of 'censorship' are usually made by people who don't have any technical arguments left, or are simply trolling."* This sounds entirely possible and would make me think different about things if true.
The other side makes the inverse argument about you guys (in fact I just altered your quote slightly to represent their perspective): "censorship [is happening] because people don't have any technical arguments left, or are simply trolling, or spreading blatantly false information.
Having to try and determine the truth from two sides who's versions of the facts are often complete opposites and who won't engage with eachother is quite difficult.
I'm aware that It probably sounds like im attaching or the pro segwit folks, but honestly i'm just trying to give constructive criticism. I was on a few days ago doing the same thing with them. has been my go to bitcoin sub since I got into bitcoin in 2013 and I want it to remain/become the go to place for everyone (not just one side of a politicized debate), and I want high quality, open, honest, informed conversation. But now I'm rambling
Edited to add:
Controversy aside, thanks for the hard work you do here and elsewhere Moderation is hard and often thankless work and I know it can be draining. So thanks for the good work that you do do.
@_date: 2017-01-20 00:21:08
@_date: 2017-01-19 07:54:34
you must be a paid shill because you don't agree with everything i've ever said or felt :)
@_date: 2017-01-16 23:40:17
I agree if it is on terms both countries can accept. But you know, this was the policy of the Obama Administration, right? It was called "the Russian Reset" and it was an attempt to build a less adversarial relationship and work together on areas where US and Russian interests aligned. However, both countries have to make a good faith effort for this to be successful. What the Obama administration found, IMO, is that Putin and Russia didn't see feel the benefits of cooperation outweighed other options (like invading Ukraine, annexing Crimea, meddling in western elections, supporting Assad--a dictator who uses chemical weapons on civilians-- in Syria, and supporting separatists in Georgia). So, yes, "It's high time the US and Russia start working together" but its not like nobody has thought of this before, or tried it before (Obama is just one example), and it is not like Trump has some brilliant plan to do so.
In my opinion, the Obama Administration tried to improve relations with Russia in a professional, responsible, way that was very mindful of US and western interests as well as Russian Interests.
Trump on the other hand, seems to be being manipulated or used by Russia for Russian objectives (Weaken NATO, Weaken the legitimacy of western democracy and institutions, etc)
@_date: 2017-01-02 01:48:38
It has followed a pattern though. But that doesn't mean it will continue to do so. It also doesn't mean you shouldn't pay attention to that pattern and attempt to anticipate future market movements based on it (and other variables). You are both right. Their is a historical pattern which should be noted. Also a historical pattern doesn't necessarily mean the future will continue that pattern.
The guy your responding to said "Based on previous BTC behavior... I'd expect... blablabla" not "Based on previous BTC behavior... the price will definitely peak at.. blablabla." So telling him to stop deluding himself may be over the top.
But, you still have a good point. To everyone out there just learning about BTC. Anything you read claiming to 'know' where the market is going or where the price will be in X amount of time should not be listened to. Nothing is certain in this market, we are all making educated guesses based on imperfect information. Responsible traders/bloggers/commentators will let you know this up front, and will usually spell out how confident they are in their opinions and what information they are basing it off of.
@_date: 2017-01-13 05:45:34
Everyone might be acting in good faith, but I can see why many people feel that the centralization of core devs within one company with a profit motive is a conflict of interest.
Clearly you don't share this view. What can you say to people that are uncomfortable with this arrangement to help them understand why you don't think it is a problem? Please try to address things directly and clearly if possible.
@_date: 2017-01-18 23:13:18
Problems with fiat =/= Lack of problems with Bitcoin. I believe in bitcoin as a technology as a set of ideas and (hopefully) as an investment and currency. Bitcoin solves some but not all of fiats problems. Inequality is not one of them IMO. I agree with you that the way our economy works right now does not work in favor of the little guy, but that doesn't automatically mean that bitcoin will. It solves some problems, creates others, and extends existing problems.
If we as a community, aren't willing to look at the * potential pros AND cons* of Bitcoin realistically we feed into (and partially legitimize) the Fanatics/true believer/crazy internet money/unrealistic/pseudo-economics criticisms that are often levelled at us by skeptics.
@_date: 2017-01-19 04:29:59
But who is to say what qualifies as brigading. Its hard to prove. Different things I've said on reddit have been massively up or downvoted not based on the quality of my post but based on how popular that idea is in that particular subreddit (I'm sure we can all relate). This is probably more what called "bandwagon voting" or what I might call "confirmation voting" (upvoting things you already agree with, downvoting things that challenge your beliefs). 
But what if my hypothetical post that is getting heavily downvoted in subreddit A (say, \r\futurology) gets linked to in subreddit B (say, \r\bitcoin). And all the sudden a bunch of people who are much more likely to agree with me start reading the original post in \r\futurology and because they (as individuals) agree with me, they upvote my comment that was so heavily downvoted by the \r\futurology folks. To the \r\futurology mods, the scenario I'm outlining would look a lot like brigading, to the \r\reddit folks, it would feel a lot different (after all they were just expressing their opinion which they are entitled to do). So I think it becomes problematic when we consider any large influx of people we might not agree with as brigading if there is not clear and coordinated attempt to game the upvote/downvote system (which is not just an \r\btc issue).
@_date: 2017-01-01 23:01:16
Good job asking good questions. There is a bit of a learning curve in the bitcoin space. It's kind of exciting really. "money" is something we are all familiar with but almost no one really understands. Trying to understand bitcoin really helps you to understand our current monetary system as well (or at least helps you to understand how little you actually understand about it.)
Fiat money is not easy to ELI5, neither is monetary policy, its pretty complex and anyone that pretends otherwise should probably not be trusted too much.
But in a nutshell, "Fiat money is currency that a government has declared to be legal tender, but it is not backed by a physical commodity [like gold/the gold standard]."
People have legitimate and not so legitimate issues with fiat. One of the legitimate concerns is that the value of Fiat is not based on anything concrete, it is based on trust and supply and demand. 
Why is the dollar valuable? Because we (the market) believe it has value. But why do we believe that? Because the government tells us we should, and history shows us we can? But what is to keep them from just printing a bunch of new money and making our money less valuable? Well, nothing, we call that inflation, and trust that they will not print so much that our money becomes worthless (see Zimbabwe or Venezuela). 
As for escaping taxation, I wouldn't recommend this for a few reasons. Bitcoin enables this the same way that cash enables this, but that doesn't mean that it is safe, legal, or ethical, to do so. Second, bitcoin is not yet stable enough to be a reliable store of valuable, sure you might escape some taxes by converting to bitcoin, but you also might lose your life savings or a good chunk of it.
The Bitcoin space, and this subreddit in particular, are pretty anti-fiat, anti-bank and libertarian leaning, although I don't consider myself to be a libertarian these sentiments are a big part of the reason I am passionate about Bitcoin. But the bitcoin space is pretty diverse and is not all of one mind. I agree with much of the Anti-fiat sentiment but also find a lot of it to be hyperbole, exaggerated, and half baked, sometimes even full on conspiracy theory.
@_date: 2017-01-18 22:47:15
Well that is sound logic :)
I guess I could respond with "Yes it does" but that wouldn't be very constructive would it?
Sticking your head in the sand is not a good substitute for a rational well reasoned argument, and an understanding of some of the fundamentals of economics. But I can see that your emotions and desire to see bitcoin succeed (I'm with you there) are obstructing your ability to consider this issue rationally and in good faith. I very much want Bitcoin to succeed, but that doesn't mean I have to take a posture of "everything about Bitcoin is good, there are no potential negative consequences."
@_date: 2017-01-18 02:13:22
So there are two ways to address this question (or really 2 questions) and the answer will be different depending on how you ask the  question (and I'm not sure which way OP intended to ask). But the questions are:
1. How would it affect ***bitcoin*** or *t**he bitcoin markets*** if bitcoin became a global currency and remained highly unequal.
2. How would it affect ***society*** if bitcoin became a global currency and remained highly unequal
The answers would be different depending on which version of the question is being asked. Your answer,  answers (correctly, for the most part) the first question. But don't adequately answer the second. My answers are mostly trying to answer the second question, not so much the first.


This is true in relation to the first question. In terms of the second question it is much more complicated than this. But that wouldn't be a bitcoin problem it would be a societal problem made worse by the economics of bitcoin.


You are right they will be redistributed but with extreme inequality, what we would expect to see, is a pattern of redistribution that leads to greater inequality.
[This article]( touches on some of issues but to really understand it, it is probably better to turn to more academically rigorous economics or social science texts. 
@_date: 2017-01-22 08:27:24
The estimate I saw was the policies trump has put forward would increase the debt by roughly 10.3 Trillion dollars I think, but its not important to me whether it is more or less than Obama or any other President. This is not an us vs them game, if it were "Trump debt" vs "Obama debt" would matter. But if your primary concern is the national debt, and it should be, you should be more concerned with whether a new president's proposals will grow the debt or shrink the debt. It shouldn't really matter whether somebody in the past was worse or not.
Also there are two ways to measure a president's share of the national debt:
1. The total amount the debt grew while they were in office (not very accurate because it includes interest payments, spending by past presidents, and other factors not under the presidents control)
2. Financial analysis of the presidents policies and proposals and their effect on the deficit and by extension the national debt (more accurate but still rough)
The articles you link to are talking about the first form. The articles I have seen referring to Trump's economic plan refer to the second (more accurate, and more fair) type of estimate.
@_date: 2017-01-01 21:57:12
Thanks! Glad I could help. If you have more questions, let me know. Also, its a much smaller subreddit than this one, but is geared a little more towards the bitcoin speculation and investment.
@_date: 2017-01-18 02:24:07
I get the basic rules of supply/demand at play here (i think :) ).
But I guess I was asking specifically about how you can be so sure that: "You can't [very gradually] buy up all of the available BTC [even if it is at a price premium], because you'll run out of fiat first."
When we consider the market cap of BTC at its highest was 17 billion and the net worth of the top 1% is 110,000 billion (110 Trillion). For sure they would pay a steep price for the coins, but it seems that if the will was there funding is not the issue.
I suspect and feel like I am forgetting something basic here though.
@_date: 2017-04-06 05:32:10
How is getting paid By a university and 3 crypto companies evidence of abuse?
@_date: 2017-04-06 05:47:47
Straight from the Whitepaper:




valid blocks by working on extending them and rejecting invalid blocks by refusing to work on
It's not very helpful to share your opinion when it is uninformed and unsubstantiated. It just spreads misinformation.
*edit: [source (Annotated Whitepaper)](
@_date: 2017-05-01 04:54:42


If I wasn't so cheap I'd gift you gold for making me lol. But I am, so i'm not going to spend my magic internet money on a magic internet trophy.