@_author: log3337
@_date: 2018-05-25 19:27:24
There are definite problems with IP laws and policies worldwide. I doubt many would argue that point. On the other hand, there's no doubting that copyright and patent protections encourage innovation--the free market being what it is. And this is where we sort of have an impasse regarding the free market and necessary regulations that keep it functioning properly.
Any thoughts about what can be done specifically to improve intellectual property protections without giving the government too big of a stick?
@_date: 2018-05-22 13:43:55
I really appreciate the thoughtfulness of your reply. You've gotten right to the heart of the matter--that individual freedom to support or not support various changes, forks, etc. is of paramount importance. 
What I am outlining in my post is not an attempt to kluge the two sides back together again in any haphazard way. I agree that that would only recreate the problems we had when the two camps were existing in the same ecosystem. Ultimately, what I would wish to achieve is a movement based on a thoughtful dialogue that would seek to reconcile the two sides first from an ideological perspective and then only secondarily spark off the technical work that would be necessary for a chain merge that addresses some of the problems raised in the article I cited. 
Just like you:


At the same time, however, my pragmatic bent would be willing to compromise on some of these issues for the greater good of the bitcoin community. I don't want innovators and entrepreneurs to have to choose one side over the other. I don't want developers to spend time writing software for one ecosystem over the other. We all know that the network effect of bitcoin is what makes it so power--and not primarily the miners and node operators, but the social network of innovators, developers, and web personalities that create new use cases for bitcoin, create new businesses that accept bitcoin, etc. The value of bitcoin would increase more quickly and have a higher growth ceiling if the community were not split; as a holder of bitcoins, I'm incentivized to do what I can to increase the value of those bitcoins, hence the desire to bring the two sides back together again. This may not be the best way to add value to the network, and that is something that I need to noodle on further, but it would have clear social benefits: if there are two groups of people both using the bitcoin brand and claiming to be bitcoin--that's really problematic, especially for adoption by the mainstream. 
Cheers!