@_author: logan_slayer
@_date: 2018-09-05 14:45:22
What I wonder is how difficult it is to get your hands on bitcoin in these countries. I'm sure citizens of Turkey can very easily send swift payments to exchanges and buy whatever they want. But in Iran? How do they get the money in and out, and how much are they paying to do so? I'd imagine with the demand it's a pretty hefty commission. 
It's interesting if you look at regional prices on localbitcoins.com. You can see some countries get as low as 1% while others are more than 10%. That's just the decentralized nature of the coin.
@_date: 2018-09-06 14:11:14
Yes, it's a normal move. Other markets do it but when bitcoin moves 10-20%, they move 1-2%. That's what has everyone so freaked when it comes to bitcoin. This kind of movement is just unbelievable for many. That's why you shouldn't use leverage here.
I think that there is nothing but good news on the horizon as well. This might be Goldman's attempt to get a discount before things start taking off as well. Whether they wanted to do it or not doesn't matter, you should just take advantage of the opportunity if you can.
@_date: 2018-09-09 09:02:22
The dip that just keeps dippin...
That's funny because I was having a conversation at lunch with a few colleagues about a safe long term investment. One girl said that there's no way in hell she's trusting the American stock market nor the dollar because it's teetering on the edge of destruction and all of the numbers are being smudged to stimulate (or simulate) growth. Another said to trust the pound instead, it's always got the same value! Just look at what's happened in the last few years because of this Brexit fiasco! 
@_date: 2018-09-14 12:42:21
Yeah I was confused about what USDT has to do with bitcoin prices. How could that in any way be bullish? I'm honestly curious, I don't know much about it.
This sentiment meter chart isn't the best indicator. Bull and bear traps are natural market reactions to price points that were overbought/sold. Bitcoin tends to blow past these levels and then whipsaw in the other direction like a slingshot. 
As for mainstream media, you might notice it's having less and less of an effect on people. Everyone knows they're full of shit these days.
@_date: 2018-09-04 14:01:24
Coffee can be bought in a variety of ways, Bitcoin being one of them. Or, you can load a giftcard with Bitcoin and go buy coffee. That's not exactly a problem being solved. 
But if Bitcoin is adopted as another form of exchange, it's about more than just buying coffee. It's about being able to transact anywhere, anyplace, without huge merchant fees like cards have.
That's why there is no one single use for it. Most have taken it up in anticipation of it replacing fiat but that's a long way, if even possible. It's better to protect yourself against devaluation at the moment.
@_date: 2018-09-03 13:47:17
Goldfish memories. We can only remember the most recent top and the most recent bottom. No one bothers to look beyond those numbers.
And the beauty of FOMO is buying the tops and then wondering why it didn't go further. 
You're right about it being undervalued. It is still faltering at these low levels because people got shaken from that giant increase. We may not even be over the first top yet.
Or we could be, and it's all going to fail. But so what? That just means we'll do it again in a more reliable way.
@_date: 2018-09-07 17:08:59
It's a slippery slope. Once you start sliding down it's nearly impossible to get back up again, which is why altcoins are too risky. They've got high potential for 51% attacks because the market cap is way too low. There's absolutely no protection against this. I've never heard of a thing called "invalidateblock" to protect against this as mentioned above, but if there is maybe someone can enlighten us.
Crypto is all about trust, and the only one that can truly be trusted is Bitcoin. It's strong enough to survive such attacks.
@_date: 2018-09-01 11:17:23
Exactly. The only reason why people don't talk about fiat this way is because it has been around so long that they've just gotten used to it. They were born into a world where people exchange fancy pieces of paper for goods and services. Hard to doubt something that deeply embedded into society.
The reason why a lot of people are hating on Bitcoin is because it is actually untouchable by major institutions. Because it is decentralized there is no possible way to take control of it and manipulate it to further your agenda. Sure, we can see big price manipulations happening as one exchange tries to trick the other, but these are only happening because the market cap is so small still. Wait until it's 10x higher and it will be harder to see such movements.
@_date: 2018-09-20 09:39:13
Have you seen this?
The CIA has a manual on how to destroy reputations of someone who is deemed to be a threat. Once you make a big enough impact to be noticed, there's a pretty good chance that they're going to try and stain your name. They'll swarm and post negative stories, even get a "victim" to speak out about you (remember the [Nayirah testimony?](
Apparently there are more Twitter accounts than people in the United States. I wonder how many of those are fake CIA accounts created to destroy reputations?