@_author: loki_79
@_date: 2018-06-23 18:15:59
And the Winklevoss Twins will basically own the entire planet!
@_date: 2018-07-08 18:18:21
It would be great if that did happen, but just look at the mess the EU is in now because countries with different economic requirements are tied to the same currency.  For a truly global currency to work, the rich nations have to be willing for their buying power to drop down to a global mean, and there are a lot of people unwilling for this to happen.  It would be fantastic for the poorest nations though.
@_date: 2018-07-08 20:36:43
However you try to achieve it, for one country to have living standards above the global average, another country has to be below average.  It is unfair that western countries can have hobbies and free time, when the main reason is the people who do real hard work all day every day harvesting crops and get paid pennies for it.  It would be a shock to a lot of people if there was a global normalisation of living standards (from those on both sides of the global mean).
@_date: 2018-07-09 12:32:15
Yeah, you are right there is no poverty in the world, everyone can just buy American grown corn for dirt cheap prices.
@_date: 2018-07-08 23:05:02
It is great that Japan can support its own cities.  I live in the UK, where we import about half of our food.  Bananas grown in Africa and shipped overseas (£1 per kg) are cheaper than apples that grow here (£2 per kg).  I get paid more during my coffee break than the people who picked my coffee get paid for a whole days work.  I'm not suggesting I have any answers, just to be careful what you wish for if you want the world to be an equal place!
@_date: 2018-07-09 13:05:50
I meant overseas labour, not domestic.  It is not just food production, that was just an example of unskilled labour typical for workers in poorer countries.  Could be fruit picker, electronics production line, clothing manufacture, any of the unskilled jobs that get done in countries with significantly lower standards of living.
The original point was that overseas unskilled labour is not just low paid, but over years of unfair interest rates and currency devaluation it becomes even cheaper for the first world countries.  I have below average income for the UK, but can easily afford to buy shoes, clothes and coffee without thinking about it, but in many countries these things are luxuries. 
On the other side of the coin, huge borrowing in Greece and Portugal could have been avoided if they were able to lower their interest rates separately to the other EU countries.  For now it seems like the richer EU countries can prosper at the expense of the poorer countries - although quite what is going to happen with the Euro when a country eventually defaults on its debt is another question.
I don't think anyone has the first idea what would happen if every country in the world was on an equal footing financially, but morally it seems like absolutely the best way forward.