@_author: lokotai
@_date: 2014-04-01 01:54:28
The other issue that doesn't get nearly enough attention are the physical security issues that come with Bitcoin wealth.  Take the Winklevoss Twins, it has been widely reported in the news that they have millions, likely tens of millions of dollars in Bitcoins.  If you kidnapped one of them, or their kid you can't make them give you 10 million in cash without a bank asking questions, they can't electronically transfer you that money without a lot of time &amp; records (and the ability to chargeback/reverse transfers).  But you can make them give you enourmous amounts of bitcoin wealth where once the funds are transferred there is no charge back and possession is 100% ownership.  Even if the criminal is later caught for the crime odds are that the money is simply gone forever or trapped in a wallet where the private key is not known.
You read now that the Mt Gox founder was walking around with sole access to keys containing in excess of a billion dollars.  Since their office wasn't in heart of the pentagon and the guy was travelling without a personal army it would only have been a matter of time before he was physically robbed.
The other huge problem with Bitcoin wealth relates to the lack of charge back issue.  Unless the collective can reverse clearly fraudulent/criminal transactions Bitcoin wealth must be absolutley secret or you are just asking to be the victim of physical crimes.
I can only hope whoever advises the Winklevoss twins in legal matters is advising them to publicly state that their keys are out of their personal control in some fashion and that they cannot access their funds under threat, or can only access a small amount.  Otherwise I wouldn't want to be insuring them or their loved ones for kindnap/life insurance.
@_date: 2014-12-13 02:48:50
The first report could be really interesting, specifically the refund pre-order liability.  Did the receiver ever release this figure?
The report will address:
Status of manufacturing and shipping to the current order queue, number of customers requesting shipment/service activation, number of customers delivered, projected number of customers still requiring shipment and anticipated shipment timeframes;
Assessment of remaining pre-order refund liability, including status of refund requests and status of reserve or progress toward generating assets to pay out all requested refunds in a timely manner;
Corporate governance progress;
Reaffirm that the no pre-order policy remains in effect and that only consumer sales of in-stock items are occurring;
Status of burn testing and report on segregated proceeds; and
Key communications made and/or planned with customers.
