@_author: lol_at_bitcoiners
@_date: 2014-07-17 23:33:04
When it comes to possession of drugs for example, there is a presumption of innocence in America.
In contrast, there is a presumption of guilt until proven innocent when it comes to law regarding tax, money laundering, etc.
Say you own 100BTC from mining in 2011, and you cash it out for $50,000. You will be sent a letter asking you to account for the $50,000 that just magically appeared in your bank account - or why you have a Ferrari, when you work a meager $500/week job. Either you reveal the source of your income and get hit with CGT and/or other taxes, or you keep it a secret and get charged on suspicion of money laundering, or similar criminal activity.
Not to mention they can easily enforce exchanges, payment processors, etc. to comply with identification and reporting requirements. This means that any cash you put through an exchange or payment processor will be tracked, and they'll know exactly how much money/Bitcoin you have and what you're doing with it.
What if they declare use and trade of Bitcoin illegal? What if the EU declares Bitcoin a commodity subject to 20% VAT like most other commodities? Then you're fucked even further. Bitcoin's only option then would be to go underground, where it's only remaining users would be drug dealers and pedophiles.
They got Bitcoin by the balls bro
@_date: 2014-07-17 21:03:53
Didn't read? Bad comprehension skills?
I said other countries are highly likely to adopt similar measures if Bitcoin continues to remain or grow
@_date: 2014-07-17 22:55:54
I don't know about running it on Linux, but using a .bat file on Windows is about as simple you're going to get.
For instance my .bat file:
setx GPU_MAX_ALLOC_PERCENT 100
setx GPU_USE_SYNC_OBJECTS 1
C:\cgminer.exe --scrypt -o stratum+tcp://shitcoin.pool.org:9999 -u User.Worker -p password --scrypt -I 13 -g 2 -w 256 --shaders 2048 --lookup-gap 2 --thread-concurrency 8192 --gpu-engine 1000 --gpu-memclock 1475
You just put that in a text file, save it as .bat and double click it. Not that difficult.
It sounds like you just don't understand how to mine and want a quick n easy way of doing it.


As someone else has already informed you, it's a waste of money and a waste of resources. An expensive GPU will only hash about 1GH/s. Today even 6000GH/s miners aren't breaking even. It's a waste of time, it's a waste of electricity, it's a waste of money, and it will shorten the lifespan of your hardware. You won't even get any Bitcoins from it - at all.
In the hands of the inexperienced, it could also overheat and become a fire hazard. I saw a guy who tried mining an altcoin a few months ago with his AMD CPU, only to post a screenshot showing his CPU running at over 100 degrees celcius and asking why things weren't working properly.
EDIT: I still have the screenshot. He was mining on his laptop. 


I don't believe this is possible. Or at least if it was, it would require a hard fork and would be as bad a move as changing the block reward.


For one thing, different hardware requires different settings. You have to do some fine tuning yourself, or you're not going to get a decent hash rate (and/or possibly overheat your computer).
@_date: 2014-07-17 21:07:52


You probably wouldn't even get that - all of your shares would likely be rejected
And yes, mining already works like that, at least for scrypt mining with which I'm familiar - except you need to download a mining program like CGminer or SGminer to go with it. Then you just create a .bat with the necessary instructions.
@_date: 2014-07-17 23:45:24
Plenty of people have fought the tax laws in court - in fact, very powerful people and corporations indeed. But to no avail, for there still remains a presumption of guilt until proven innocent.
This is just the fact of the matter. Stop living a dream world. Step out of your delusion and wake up to the real world.
@_date: 2014-07-18 00:06:20


No one has won a case to change the presumption of guilt to the presumption of innocence in this matter.
It's been tried and failed again recently in the UK in a high profile case, 'Gale v SOCA' in 2011. Read up on that, you might learn a few things.


Let me be clear: I don't support Bitcoin, in fact I am against it. Perhaps I may lend my support to some altcoin in the future that solves all the problems with Bitcoin. I suspect that future won't come for at least another decade; perhaps several decades - and perhaps it won't ever materialize, or something else entirely different will take precedence.
Bitcoin does not bring 'freedom'; in fact it brings the opposite, as I have explained in my original post. I describe it (aptly) as Big Brother's wet dream.
Not to mention the distribution is wholly unfair, and I don't foresee anyone protesting over some guy losing his case regarding having to pay tax on the Bitcoins he mined in 2010 which he later put towards a Ferrari. In fact I think you'll find there will be very little sympathy for those who think they have a right to profit at the expense of others and get away with it. BTW, let me know when Ross William Ulbricht gets released due to the slave riots.
@_date: 2014-07-17 21:00:09
You think other states and countries won't adopt similar positions in the future, if Bitcoin should continue to remain or grow?
Bitcoin is at the mercy of the state
@_date: 2014-07-17 21:17:52
Probably justified the same way Danny Brewster justified this investment in Neo &amp; Bee:
@_date: 2014-07-17 23:17:08


I'm not an American, but in most countries (the UK is one of them) there is a presumption of guilt until proven innocent when it comes to tax law. This contrasts to most other areas of law which you may be confused with.
Sorry if that doesn't fit in with your little world view, but that's just the fact of the matter. You can moan about it all you like.
The rest of your response is trash and I found nothing in it of substance worthy of responding to or that I have not already addressed in my original post. This goes for your other post too.
