@_author: lolmtgox
@_date: 2011-06-20 02:15:32
Uh huh. PHP's original MySQL bindings didn't have parameterized queries because those didn't exist when the MySQL bindings were created. Look up PDO and MySQLi.
PHP isn't exactly an angel of a platform but your post wreaks of unwarranted PHP hatred. register_globals and magic_quotes_gpc were not security holes, they were programming language concepts. The language evolved around these concepts and to compensate they had to remove those features.
Also, PHP can have subtemplating languages, including ones that escape automatically. PHP was the first dynamic template language itself, it just became a large webserver platform over time.
Are you going to say the same observations about Ruby and Python -- who both allow you to print unescaped variables -- or will you revise that to draw no distinction between Ruby on Rails and PHP on Smarty or PHP on Twig? Very unfair statement.
Don't get me wrong, MtGox was programmed by some people who used to sell magic the gathering cards or some crap, they clearly didn't know what they were getting themselves into. Don't diss the language, diss the large amount of idiots in the language community.
@_date: 2011-06-20 14:47:52


That's your problem, not PHP's. I said those bindings didn't exist at all at the time. There was no such thing as parameterized queries in any language when they were built. And shortly after they were introduced PDO and MySQLi came along.


Yes, but this is not a pissing match between PostgreSQL and MySQL.


I think magic quotes was really stupid, but register globals was literally how PHP worked in the first place. You were supposed to be able to easily access requested variables on the page, PHP was just a dynamic website toolkit. No one fathomed doing anything else with it at the time.
It's very valid to say it's not designed for what it's used for now. As I said before, "PHP isn't exactly an angel of a platform" and it really isn't. But it's incredibly unfair to hold PHP to standards that didn't exist and a community which has evolved around its original design rather than embracing different technologies.