@_author: lolmycat
@_date: 2018-01-07 00:28:44
3 Trillion market cap for BTC alone would be crazy, but would also scare the shit out of me at the same time.  Crypto isn’t ready for real mainstream prime time action, and if the real flood gates open too early... ehhhh we could see A LOT of tears and people jumping off their mom’s roof screaming, “RRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.”
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:44:10
For things like property, isn’t it possible to buy things like property, etc in the LLC’s name as long as you can pay in full and don’t need business lines of credit?  So technically the LLC owns it all, but you own the LLC?
@_date: 2017-12-15 23:27:08
I mean they really aren’t the house.  If anything, they’re just those dudes in the casino that get penthouses comp’ed because they bring so much gambling money with them.  They get preferred treatment, sure, but they aren’t the house.
Wall Street has 3 things working for it that make it entirely different animal from your avg joe.
1. So much leverage it’s gross.  The more money you can play with, the more you can influence markets.  You even try to influence how the rules are written.  But they still can’t write those rules yourself, only the house can, and they are not the house. 
2. The smartest financially minded people in  the world running analytics and forecasts.
3. Access to a network of people who are deeply in ‘the know’. For 99% of things, they learn about them before everyone else because they’re better connected to sources that info comes from. If you know first you can place bets first.  Possibly people the impact of that knowledge effects the market.  But that still does not mean you control the market.  Reception to information maybe be completely different than you betted on and you lose badly.
Wall Street is not the Fed, or a central bank.  Nothing inherent to Bitcoin, or any other currency, will stop the an eventual stocks and derivatives market that has groups/ companies with more cash than you could dream of betting on the profits of other corporations, and things like price of economic resources.  The ONLY thing that will change is the actual individuals who run these investment groups, etc that collectively we call ‘Wall Street’ and the reserve currency they trade with will be whatever crypto currency becomes the global reserve currency (if that ever happens).
@_date: 2017-12-24 19:49:45
If people think this is people cashing out for Christmas they’re fucking high.  Look at the 24 volume.  It’s 10+ BILLION.  The entire crypto market is down like 10% on the day.
@_date: 2017-12-11 09:50:48
Or the electricity bill similar to small country’s to mine it.... crypto has lots of benefits but actually like it’s better in every way (in its current form) is INSANE.
Just look at how many potential millionaires aren’t millionaires because of how fucking easy it is for your entire net worth to evaporate if you misplace a pin drive, etc.  Any currency that is that vulnerable to being destroyed or stolen with ZERO ability to retrieve is inherently flawed. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 00:09:51
Of course.  Which is why I have.  But the part of my savings that i'm diversifying with bitcoin would obviously do even better if there's another SERIOUS dip before the next big jump.  :P
@_date: 2017-12-18 06:12:16
Decentralizing things is way harder than it seems.  Bitcoin is a great example.  It’s almost human nature to cooperate in a manner where resources are pooled together to create strength in numbers.  Fighting against that force is incredibly difficult.
@_date: 2017-12-20 15:22:08
Because crypto still gets its true value from its exchange rate with fiat, I would think you could have basic financial trading regulations imposed on exchanges like coinbase.  I.T would honestly be healthy for the entire market.  I.T gives people a sense of security when investing that there just isn’t right now.
@_date: 2017-12-17 22:50:08
Seriously.  This has to be something that is a problem you can only really get when you’re family and friends are poor.  Because as someone fortunate to grow up in a well educated, middle class family, I would never feel like telling my friends and family I made it big with bitcoin would be someone that could cause any issues.  If anything, they’d be super happy for me.  
@_date: 2017-12-18 03:51:21
Lol the liberal hive-mind.  This right here implies you believe everyone who’s value judgements fall under the umbrella of liberalism are individuals who have no critical thought that goes into the beliefs they have.  Talk about exposing one’s bias.
First, mansplaining does not define all male-female interactions where the man is dismissive of the woman. 
And role reversal is absolutely thought about and contemplated.  A man talking down to a woman is inherently differently than if roles were reversed because of the imbalance of societal power between men and women.  Men’s thoughts and answers, because they have long were the only sex which held positions of power and were educated at a university level, are often believed until disproven.  Women have the opposite problem once they step into these roles once only occupied by men, and they’re opinions and thoughts are not immediately valued equally to their male counterparts.  This isn’t some grand theory based on wild assumptions either.  Study after study finds that if you have a man and a women (both with the exact same qualifications in the field they are talking about and saying the exact same thing) their separate audiences are far more receiving of the man.  Massive Hurricanes with feminine names account for far more injured and killed because people dismiss the potential danger of the situation due to the feminine name of the hurricane.
Plus, your whole women do it too example doesn’t even prove your point.  Someone dismissing your thoughts by rolling their eyes is completely different from them stepping in and dismissing your thoughts by implying you just don’t have the capacity to fully understand what your talking about because you have different sex organs.  Both are shitty, only one is dismissive PURELY because of a persons gender and actively belittles them because of it.  More importantly, when have you ever seen women talking to men like they’re children who don’t really understand what they’re talking about in a professional space.  Can women be dismissive of men? Sure.  But they don’t dismiss them in the same way.  It is only because there is a societal mistrust/dismissal of women’s intelligence in general that the action of belittling their thoughts because of their gender is possible.
So maybe that’s the real divide.  These types of things are incredible layered, complex, and their answers are not simple or something your avg. joe from Ohio even has the time or patience to think about/ contemplate.  It’s much easier to not search for the actual ‘liberal’ arguments behind many of these things and talk about them in simple terms that strip them of all their critical nuances.  Then it’s very easy to dismiss them as silly notions that are hypocritical because they don’t think about role reversals, etc.
@_date: 2017-12-11 00:17:58
Unless Bitcoin’s Code is drastically altered, it will likely end up being the gold of cryptocurrencies.  Other cryptos, which are better at specialized tasks (almost instant, fee less transactions or decentralized hardware communications and contracts), but are all backed by their ability to be exchanged for bitcoin.  All these currencies will have their base value derived from bitcoin.  
Basically, it’s unlikely that you’ll be buying much, other than other cryptos with bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-17 20:45:40
It totally happened, with a *naughty* smile.
I feel like I just read some weird made up, 50 shades of gray style erotic story about bitcoin.  I hope everyone up voted this shit ironically.  Could you imagine your normal middle aged adult being told they could find lots of great info about bitcoin on Reddit and this shit is one of the first posts they see.  It's embarrassing.
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:03:10
It’s fucking horrific.
@_date: 2017-12-18 06:06:56
Feel the same way.  Even bitcoin being the ‘gold standard’ could end up being completely wrong.  Who knows where things go from here as crypto becomes mainstream and people start look for the currency that has the best capabilities.  Something could literally come out of left field and become what everyone uses 5-10 years from now.  We are in the infancy stages of this whole evolution of currency and economics
@_date: 2017-12-11 07:06:49
USD is backed by the fact that it’s the world’s reserve currency, can be used to buy almost anything in the world, and entirety of the US Govt’s assets and Military.
Crypto’s may be the future but we’re all kidding ourselves if we think they’re going to be able to overtake fiat currencies as that they’re back in any way like fiat currency is. There’s nothing to say the US doesn’t implement a USD crypto that can be traded 1 to 1 with fiat USD (or something like this).  
@_date: 2017-12-12 05:56:39
well I mean all that electricity is taking us TO THE MOON BITCHES. HODL. HODL. HODL.
@_date: 2017-12-11 08:35:40
For most alt coins, I’d say so.  The technology around things like iota and Ethereum seems really cool and useful but I still have yet to see how their value is justified other than miners needing an ROI.  Once Ethereum goes to proof of stake it’ll be interesting if it’s price stabilizes or tanks.
@_date: 2017-12-10 05:35:16
Exactly.  There is nothing inherent to BTC that truly breaks long standing hierarchies.  If anything, it could make the problem worse.  Poor people didn’t buy bitcoin.  It’s almost entirely white middle and upper class tech savvy people.  
@_date: 2017-12-11 08:20:53
If they didn’t no one would care about them because everyone is only really in cryptos for the money at this money.  who on earth would spend hundreds of dollars on electricity for something worth nothing.  Plus, who wants to develop something that makes them very little money when they could make the same thing and make millions if not billions.   
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:51:41
Those wallets need to be tumbled first to come close to hiding what you’re doing right? If you send straight to their wallets then all of those transactions can be traced back to you.  I was under the impression that block chain actually makes laundering much harder since every transaction is traceable all the way back to the moment the block it’s part of was mined.  You can see every wallet a transaction has ever been in.  And when you mysteriously send out amount that don’t trigger IRS alerts upon withdrawal to a number of wallets and now mysteriously have cash and purchases above your declared income... big red flags.
@_date: 2017-12-24 19:58:37
Jesus Christ lol. True and intelligent ones. Blindly screaming HODL only takes you so far.  Truly brilliant people are buying and selling during highs and dips and making FAR more than anyone just holding.  
Bitcoin has a serious problem right now because it was 100% not ready for prime time.  It would cost the average person less to use western union to transfer cash to family internationally than with bitcoin.  That right there means bitcoin is failing to deliver the product it claims to be.  Either it’ll work this cluster fuck out in the next few months or it’s going to lose its cushy spot as the king on crypto.  It’s not even an argument that there are other cryptos that do everything bitcoin does MUCH faster and cheaper.  So screaming HODL while those facts stand true is pretty meaningless.
Bitcoin has gotten us here.  There’s nothing promising it’ll be what gets us to the finish line, and the realization of a new and freer global economy that is built on cryptocurrency technology.
@_date: 2017-12-13 00:06:49
If a single bitcoin is worth a large fortune in the future income inequality will be so fucking bad.  There are people with 50K bitcoins. Do you realize how rich they would be if Bitcoin is worth so much that a fraction of a fraction is enough to fund comfortable amenities for multiple generations of someone's family? Each bitcoin would be worth upwards of a billion dollars.  The Winklevos would be worth 50 Trillion dollars in liquid "cash".  The total amount of bank notes and coins in circulation is only $7.6 trillion.  The total value of bitcoin would be around 700 times more than that.  Stocks and Derivatives are worth around a quadrillion USD. So you could see assume could go up to 46 quadrillion USD.  
The absolute chaos and lack of buying power during that kind of currency inflation would be hard to fathom.  Bitcoin would need to increase in value by about 500,000% between now and then.
Is this possible? I guess. But bitcoin's tech doesn't seem to be that 'future proof' compared to other cryptos that exist now.  Especially since quantum computers could servery exploit the block chain.  I just don't see it being the USD of the future a decade from now.  but here's to hoping im wrong and we're all so fucking rich it hurts.
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:07:23
If it stays slow too long, I fear lots of people selling to buy other cryptos.  But then again, I'd love for a SERIOUS correction so I can buy at a discount since I see bitcoin being worth far more than $17-20k.  Unfortunately, for most people cryptos are a get rich quick thing... they could give two shits about the tech.
@_date: 2017-12-18 01:18:11
You’re 100% right that there’s a good amount of people who misuse the word.  Dumb people misuse A LOT of words.  But the hostility towards and flat out denial that the mere existence of the phenomenon the word describes in this thread is bananas.  I get that most people who are into bitcoin are 20-30yr old dudes, but Jesus Christ the toxicity displayed in this thread towards specific ideologies and women in general is mind blowing.  
Other than your normal response that actually discusses why the term isn’t perfect or applicable in many of the cases it’s used, every other response is basically “shut you swj cuck.”  I thought this was a subreddit for thoughtful discussion about the progress of a global currency that will help the poorest of the poor in non-western countries far more than any of us here and the posting of harmless shit-post memes.  Pretty ironic that it’s filled with people who sound like frequent visitors of T_D.
It’s not a good or welcoming look for one of the first places people are directed when they become curious about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:10:24
Eh then you just call up some foreign bank, put the account in their name through some kind of legal shenanigans and have them accept it for you and then transfer it back into a crypto that is then sent back to you?
@_date: 2017-12-17 22:45:10
How is it a ridiculous term when it’s used properly? It’s a real thing that some guys people do; they explain things to women in a demeaning way that implies the women they’re talking to don’t understand the basic fundamentals of what they’re discussing because women aren’t intelligent enough to understand complex concepts and ideas as well as men.  
@_date: 2017-12-18 04:50:33
First, I said 


I didn't say you had a specific bias that made you anything specific.  So congrats on calling yourself a liberal?  Political ideologies are really just labels to neatly fit people under an umbrella that makes it easier to dismiss their arguments because of their closeness to other arguements/ ideas that may or may not be flawed.  This whole conversation is a perfect example of that.  
 
Clearly stating that people who talk about these things are hive-minded implies that you inherently dismiss their thoughts and arguments because they are not critically though out arguments by those espousing them.  If that isn't a display of clear bias towards certain individuals and their ideas, then I don't know what is.


You completely glossed over the entire argument for why mansplaning is something that does exist, and how role reversal has been thought through, as the entire notion of mansplaning is based on that fact that role reverse is not possible because of the power dynamic involved.
Nothing I said diminishes the positive qualities of either sex.  There is nothing inherent to men that qualifies their thoughts and opinions as more valid than those of women.  Both men and women are more likely to believe something if a man says it and dismiss it when a women says it because of social constructions, not biological ones.  Here social construction is absolutely at play.  So when a man talks down to a woman as if she were a child it creates a power dynamic that works in favor of the man.  
@_date: 2017-12-07 20:10:54
The leap between 30-1000 and 1000-20000 are nowhere even close to the same.
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:10:07
I actually think mBTC could help bitcoin's price even if it massively corrects in the short term, or even crashes.  mBTC will make buy look like an absolute bargain for those who haven't invested yet because they feel like they've missed the boat.  The law of large numbers is real.
@_date: 2017-12-11 07:44:36
I think there is a genuine fear that talking about these things could bring about a consensus that crypto’s are inherently flawed as they exist now, and are not worth the energy spent creating them.  So many people have stumbled upon small fortunes with bitcoin.  If all the sudden we have serious discussions that make bitcoin look like it’s not the next great civilization changing thing...it’s price will implode.  People will lose  MILLIONS and many more people (who have irresponsibly invested all the savings to their name in crypto) will have their entire savings wiped out.  It will honestly be a tragedy if it happens.  But just talking about the possibility makes it even more likely to happen, so we don’t.  
A lot of the tech behind crypto’s is actually great though.  It’s just that they would be better served if they weren’t tied to completely new currencies that have no known or established value that can be relied on not even tear to year but moment to moment.
@_date: 2017-12-13 00:07:41
I've been thinking the same thing.  You have a specific crypto you see as far more 'future proof'?
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:04:23
[This]( program saved my ass.  Worth a try.
@_date: 2017-12-18 06:57:36
First off, on what  planet are things like this so simple they can be fully explained is a few words or sentences.  That’s just a straight up fucking lazy way of viewing the world. 
Aside from that, everything you just said argues for the existence of mansplaining.  I actually never even made a value judgement about mansplaining, no less calling for a sudden and abrupt dismantling of existing social powers.  Nothing I’ve said even really argues against a possible evolutionary physiology explanation for the hierarchy of modern social powers.  My original comment only pointed out that mansplaining does exist.  And argued against the point that the roles can be reversed.  
Nothing I’m talking about even has to do with feminism.  So I don’t know how I’d possibly be alienating anyone from feminist ideology.  Positing the existence of a social phenomenon is not even ideological or a call to action.
Social construction, evolutionary psychology, a mix of the two, any way you want to frame the power dynamic of modern society, the concept of mansplaining is a real thing.  Value judgements about it are an entirely different thing.  
This is where people who rail against ‘academics’ get lost and confused.  They conflate the positing of something’s existence and value judgements about these things.  It’s entirely possibly to believe mansplaining is a real thing and then have an argument for why it’s not a bad thing or something we should not be chastising people for.  That actually would be an interesting argument.  Hell, that would actually be a productive argument.  Its impossible to have a real argument when the existence of the thing in question is being flat out denied.  But that’s a way easier thing to do than argue for why the existence of that thing is good or bad.  That shit is hard.  It’s messy. Fuck, you could argue that it’s completely relative and that values like good or bad are completely made up ideas we then made words for and that there is nothing intrinsically good or bad about anything.  This is where fun arguments happen.  But you can’t have fun arguments when people want to deny shit because they don’t like its possible implications once you start arguing about what value judgements should be made about it.
@_date: 2017-12-07 20:08:59
BTC can be manipulated just as easily as the financial system we have now... the ultra rich soak up the vast majority of coins and then manipulate the price.  They could literally crash the entire market and then buy up every single bitcoin they want when it bottoms.  What do you do then?  You’re fucked with a fixed amount currency.  
@_date: 2017-12-19 05:35:26
Just become bitcoin is immune to “debasement” inflation doesn’t mean it is immune to all types of inflation.  There will still be banks in a world with bitcoin they just won’t be requirements.  Loans will still be needed which require large institutions that have the liquidity to lend and take on the risk of lending.  The concept of Lines of credit and credit cards isn’t going anywhere either.  Exchanges that trade stocks and derivatives will still exist, and so wall street isn’t really going anywhere.  If anything, the exact same situation that occurred in ‘08 (which was a mixture of deregulation and other nefarious activities) could still happen.  The other difference being that central banks wouldn’t be able to implement quantitative easing, and a complete collapse of the global economy may have been more likely (its possible the ramifications of QE will eventually lead to a global economic catastrophe anyways, but that’s yet to be seen).  
Bitcoin solves a lot of problems. If anything, Bitcoin could be the best possible way to dramatically help those in the poorest of areas of the world because they can be paid by anyone from anywhere and will be paid in a currency that has real buying power and has all the other advantages of crypto.
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:39:57
Isn’t there a new crypto being pushed by same the group opening the exchange on Sunday that keeps the value of the crypto equal to the dollar?  That would seem like the best way to store until short term capital gains expire.
@_date: 2017-12-11 07:23:39
And while we are all praising cryptocurrencies, they may actually be something that limits our freedoms in unimaginable ways.  Governments control the internet (physically and digitally).  When your entire life saving is digital (and relies on the internet to verify your actual wealth)... the possibility for seriously authoritarian world becomes very real.  Exchanges can be completely blocked, The traceability of cryptos have consequences that people have not considered.  Nothing you do or buy is anonymous when it’s all part of a public ledger.  
Plus, the value of bitcoin is entirely based on its value in terms of fiat currency.  You could even make an argument that cryptocurrencies are only an extension of existing currencies and are worthless without them.
@_date: 2018-11-07 23:56:54
That video is so dumb it’s almost entertaining hahaha. 
@_date: 2018-11-08 02:26:55
Listen buddy, the USD has a new leader now and things are going to be amazing. No, Bigley amazing. They’re going to be huge, there’s going to be wealth like you’ve never seen before. People ask me oh how are you gonna create that wealth? Trust me he’s going to create that wealth. No one knows how to moon something like this man does.  
@_date: 2018-11-07 23:39:40
All that can be changed in a day with the sign of a pen and some votes in Congress if it ever comes to it.  Laws are what we make of them.
@_date: 2018-11-07 23:37:27
Well I did hear it’s backed by the most powerful military force know to man, half a continent worth of precious metals and resources, and currently being used as the most common currency to exchange value globally.  So I actually am considering it. Hopefully it moons. 
@_date: 2018-11-08 02:36:46
First off.  There is no reason to pay off national debt like that.  As long as interest on debt can be paid without worry, nothing is collapsing.  Second interest is paid to bond holders, the fed does not hold anything close to a majority of outstanding bonds.
And as interest rises, current debt’s value compared to GDP drops like a rock.
And having a currency that is also devaluing itself motivates investment and the movement/ velocity of money.  You don’t wanna hold cash cause it loses value, so you invest into other things with it: stocks, bonds, businesses, education, etc.  it promotes positive economic growth.  
@_date: 2018-11-08 07:24:45
GDP has outpaced increases to interest on debt very reliably when averaged over time.  
@_date: 2018-11-07 23:46:04
No one here understands why ‘08 was so bad apparently.  Subprime mortgages by themselves didn’t almost collapse the entire world economy.  The amount of money what was being bet on “AAA” mortgages not defaulting en masse dwarfs the actual amount of capital in the real estate market exponentially.
@_date: 2019-01-08 21:43:07
Especially since national debt as a number is meaningless unless directly compared to bond interest rates, annual GDP, and federal tax revenue.  Our debt could be 100 Trillion, but if GDP is high enough to keep interest on debt trivial to tax revenue it don’t matter.  Debt is a leveraging mechanism that can greatly increase the velocity and liquidity of capital in an economy and spur growth that far outpaces the annual interest owed on that debt if spent effectively 
But then again, herrr dee derrr OMG THE FED and OMG NATIONAL DEBT CLOCK DOT ORG are far far easier to yell from the rooftops to make up random comparisons that are meaningless.
@_date: 2018-11-07 23:51:30
It’s like no one here understands the complexity of monetary theory and thinks you balance national debt like it’s a house hold.  
Not all debt is bad people.  Productive debt can bring enormous economic returns.  None of this shit is simple.
@_date: 2019-01-09 00:22:19
This comment is so incoherent and nonsensical I can’t tell if it’s some kind of copypasta or not.
@_date: 2017-10-13 07:41:45
A lot of people are about to lose a lot of money and bitcoin will suffer immensely because of it.  People will despise it because of their losses when it crashes, and good luck implementing a currency that has that kind of negative emotion associated with it
@_date: 2018-12-05 18:42:30
The entire thread and his post is just a bunch of pointless conjecture. We have no reason to believe anything he says or binance says.  Him posting here is completely self serving and helps no one/ solves anything because of their refusal to disclose txids while claims he can assure us everything is kosher and binance is just randomly holding his $5mil hostage
@_date: 2018-12-05 17:06:11
Is English not this guys first language? Because if it is, I’d almost say they sound too dumb to be successfully trading and shady shit is more likely lol.
@_date: 2018-12-27 23:27:38
@_date: 2018-12-27 23:28:40
Lol any use is good use?  I don’t think I even need to type out taking that statement to it’s logical extremes to show how ridiculous it is 
@_date: 2018-12-27 23:30:56
His work is heavy in the sense that the ramblings of a mad person take a awhile to decipher.  
@_date: 2018-12-27 23:29:49
But he pwns those dumb libtards!!!