@_author: londongripper
@_date: 2018-01-16 12:10:09
What I find surprising is that you guys talk about "things happening in Asia" like everyone on here is US-based. I am not from Asia, but I am very certain LOTS of people are, and if the Lunar New Year were the main driver for this, they'd be able and happy/sad to confirm this in great numbers.
Same with Wall Street Bonuses and other things — all those people are reflected here. This, next to many other places of course, is still one of the easiest hangouts to frequent when invested in Bitcoin. Don't tell me a Wall Street guy knows how to purchase/trade Bitcoin, but has never heard of Reddit (and yes, there's always that one guy, but we're talking majorities).
Everyone is here, if those selling would be speaking out, we'd know exactly what's going on. Our sample of Bitcoin investors is representative enough to give statistical validation. If someone were to make a survey asking every one here "are you selling because of Lunar New Year [YES/NO]" — we'd quickly see if that was the reason (my guess is it is not). It could, of course, also be the slow creeping realisation that Bitcoin was more of a symbol and trailblazer than the magical currency it was touted to be, and people start (quietly) shifting over to altcoins — but it doesn't look like that's the reason for this, either.
And then, there's the theory that a few individuals have enough controlling power to drive the market. They may have started cashing out (at an increasing rate) to move the money to the next investment, and they obviously wouldn't speak out. They need to 'hide or blend in' (in terms of not going ALL OUT at once) their sells as much as possible, but the market does still react quite a bit to large orders, so this takes time.
I wonder about the fact that a lot of people invested in Bitcoin are very new to 'investing', unfamiliar with crashes on traditional markets, and therefore not very used to sell-limits helping to 'cut their losses' in case of serious crash — which many consider a must-have if you want to get the hell out in case of a crash, but which unfortunately also acts like the worst fire-starter for a crash scenario. The HODL mentality can actually (possibly) help the market rebound quite a bit better than on a traditional stock, where you sometimes just have to give up on a company knowing they won't recover, ever.
