@_author: longonlylegend
@_date: 2019-06-01 01:48:11
Considering the “time traveler” was desperately trying to stop a nuclear holocaust, he likely came to accomplish more than just Bitcoin accumulation. It’s fair to assume he tried to stop Bitcoins hockey stick adoption. Maybe he helped hack the DNC in 2016 and leaked Podesta’s emails to the United States public. Maybe he thought a Trump Presidency would be better for equities, which would delay Bitcoins acceleration. Just because Bitcoin doesn’t hit 100k in 2019 doesn’t mean he wasn’t a “time traveler,” since everyone knows time travel alters future outcomes. The United States government could have time travel technology already built but is too scared to use it because of fear of the ripple effect. Maybe the USD’s obsolescence and crashing US economy was enough for the CIA to use the perhaps shelved technology. That said, I don’t think this “time traveler” has moved the needle enough to stop the inevitable adoption of Bitcoin, IMHO this thing is only one 2008 style sell-off away from being $1M and one geopolitical blip away from being $100k.  I got my BTC moon bag ready regardless.
@_date: 2019-06-01 01:24:19
Considering the “time traveler” was desperately trying to stop a nuclear holocaust, he likely came to accomplish more than just Bitcoin accumulation. It’s fair to assume he tried to stop Bitcoins hockey stick adoption. Maybe he helped hack the DNC in 2016 and leaked Podesta’s emails to the United States public. Maybe he thought a Trump Presidency would be better for equities, which would delay Bitcoins acceleration. Just because Bitcoin doesn’t hit 100k in 2019 doesn’t mean he wasn’t a “time traveler,” since everyone knows time travel alters future outcomes. The United States government could have time travel technology already built but is too scared to use it because of fear of the ripple effect. Maybe the USD’s obsolescence and crashing US economy was enough for the CIA to use the perhaps shelved technology. That said, I don’t think this “time traveler” has moved the needle enough to stop the inevitable adoption of Bitcoin, IMHO this thing is only one 2008 style sell-off away from being $1M and one geopolitical blip away from being $100k.  I got my BTC moon bag ready regardless.