@_author: longdistanceejcltr
@_date: 2017-12-28 14:52:39
This is what happens when random dudes get to a lot of money. These causes are a joke. Handouts. Nice. Have you ever heard that saying "*Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, and you feed him for a lifetime.*"? Probably not. Giving people money solves nothing and improves very little (not that you have enough money for that to make a difference). The best way to spend that money is to build infrastructure and other tools (education) so the people are better suited to make the money for themselves down the line. The best part is that this has a tendency to compound and build on itself. $5M given to people "no questions asked" is going to make 1/10th of a difference than investing that money into education or infrastructure would (since we're clearly talking Africa here, it's simple stuff like roads, wells, farming and crop harvesting).
Oh and by the way, the entire concept of UBI is a bet on the idea that when people get their essential needs met, they'll become more productive in their field of choice and eventually improve the economy of the entire community/country and therefore offset the massive investment UBI requires in the first place. Ok, fair enough, let's say that works - it's still going to be based on extracting a ton of taxes. You can't extract taxes when there's no wealth. UBI can't work in a poor country, it wouldn't pay for itself because there's not enough jobs and money in general that could be fed back to the system.
@_date: 2018-11-25 11:12:42
How people consider this "fun" in any way continues to amaze me. It's so short sighted.
Whatever you think about Orban or right-wing populism, it's NOT extremism (by definition of the term "populism" and the way it targets common people's concerns and fears) or terrorism, it's a legitimate political position that could be considered mainstream these days (not most popular, but definitely mainstream). Being gleeful about people getting persecuted for their political views is not something that belongs to the 21st century. Regardless of who is doing the persecution.
Overton window shifts, cultural norms shift, goverments change, economies rise and fall. What makes you so certain that you will not be the one getting fucked in this bed you made?