@_author: longspear584
@_date: 2019-03-27 08:01:06
As should be quite clear, I'm not a fan of ETFs. Crypto ETFs I think are a worse idea than ETFs because of that fact that you have the option of; 1. purchasing on exchanges or even better, 2. purchasing and holding the crypto yourself.
ETFs are great if you want an easy way for exposure to certain asset classes, however the fine print in almost all of them is very worrisome. What they are selling you isn't what you're really buying. 
ETFs will bring in massive liquidity (and volatility) which will result in a massive surge in the $ price of crypto like BTC, but the volatility and the fine print is what will screw people in the case of a panic.
This 20 minute presentation explains their dangers far better than I could:  
Imagine the above mentioned ETF dangers but combined with crypto (along with its risks and volatility) and where you don't even hold the cyrpto yourself!? It's a crazy thing to do. 
 
@_date: 2019-03-28 18:30:30
Hahahaah Hahahahahahah. For now. 
@_date: 2018-11-18 14:13:46
stay away from ETFs.
@_date: 2018-11-19 16:31:24
It's quite simple: ETFs are a type of security. Owning a BitCoin ETF is not the same as owning BTC, despite what the ETF marketing leaflet company may say. The value of your investment will be reflected in Fiat not BTC.
It is also important to know the company sponsoring the ETF and to read the fineprint (as always). Often the terms and conditions underlying ETFs can change, especially when the fund is under duress.
The danger with ETFs, and this is highly relevant as I write this in light of the last few weeks of BTC/USD (fiat) price performance, is that those who invest in the ETF may simply decide to pull out their money resulting in a rapid fall and potential collapse of the ETF.
"Like mutual funds, ETFs may fall under duress if it can no longer validate the expense of operations through investor fees. As an ETF loses assets, the fund will lose investors, increasing the cost of operating per investor. If the fund is not able to recover the lost interest, it may have to close down." (source:  )
The bottom line is that an ETF is a security, like a stock or an option. It is not the same as owning BTC. 
It is risky but presents itself as a benign "index investing" tool.
@_date: 2018-11-19 16:56:42
Another useful source is 
"ETFs are made to appear simple when they are anything but simple. While open-end mutual funds are not perfect, they don’t have any of these issues and there are plenty of low cost options which are very competitive with ETF’s fee structure. "