@_author: lonjerpc
@_date: 2014-04-25 04:40:02
It is not China selling bitcoins. It is selling in anticipation of reduced future buys in China. 
@_date: 2014-04-10 06:04:26
Bitcoin is priced in large part by expectations of much more demand for bitcoins in the future. Not the actually demand but demand years away. By banning the coins now it prevents the people who have never even heard of them from buying later. So yes if you were planning to buy you would buy now. But if you bought to sell or use directly in the next few years to current non users you are selling.
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:04:47
I am not saying you can't hide spending by using tax havens. But if you read my last paragraph it is already so easy to do this that bit-coins are not needed anyway.
The only thing you need bitcoins for is hiding illegal income. And it does have value because of this. However it is not equal to value it would have it was useful for tax evasion. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 02:11:48
That still excludes people. Dollars are used by some very dumb people that does not make dollars less useful. It makes dollars more useful. 
@_date: 2013-12-22 20:18:43


No reason exists to believe what you are saying using your own standards. But really we are on the same side. I too want to reduce income inequality. I just think that your falling for exactly what the super rich want you to believe. Its the Feds fault not government policy. It is a convenient way to get people to stop advocating for progressive policies. 


I would ask the same of you. Too lazy to look up now but will later if you would still like. But we are already way off the topic of my original post.


I don't understand whay you mean by this. 


Where did I imply that it did.


Wages are prices we pay for labor. Even if I agreed with this it still supports my original argument that prices not money supply(besides its effects on prices) is ultimately what matters. 


I am ok with it in other sectors. Tech is just one nice example. Deflation is good in a sector if its efficiency goes up relative to the rest of the economy. 


Again you have been offering none. But if you really want to get into this I will. But it is already well off of my original point. 


I am not making this assumption at all.
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:22:44
If you think you can hide massive wealth in bitcoins from the goverment you are mistaken. The government does not need to actually find the bitcoins. It can simply throw you in prison until you give it up.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:03:48
Assuming you made your money legally and paid taxes on it the first time the government knows approximately how much money you have. When you die you will not be taxed based on how dollars you have but your total assets. If you can't figure out a good excuse for where the money went you will still have  to pay taxes on it. And even if you come up with an excuse say a failed buinsness if your kids spend the money and get audited the government is going to count up how many cars they have and how much they cost. If they have too many cars they are going to through them in prison.
Now you could of course transfer the bitcoins over seas to a tax haven. And assuming your kids are willing to move there to spend it you would be fine. But this is equally easy to do with dollars as it is with bit coins. Bitcoins don't make anything easier for you.
@_date: 2013-12-19 18:44:35
I guess I am oversimplifying the effects of inflation. It does hurt some low income people and helps some high earners but in general I would still argue low levels of inflation help reduce the income gap.
Of course even if you think the income gap is made worse by inflation. I still don't see how monetary inflation could possibly be the cause outside its effect on price inflation. You could argue that say QE is artificially raising housing prices and because the rich own more housing they are getting the bigger benefit. But even in this case it is price inflation of housing that is causing this. Monetary inflation causes the price inflation but monetary inflation does not increase the wealth gap outside of changing prices in anyway I can see.
Deflation in particular sectors is not bad. For example in the tech sector there has been massive deflation. This is good because it means the prices of the goods in the tech sector are moving to match their productions costs relative to the rest of the economy. 
However deflation or inflation especially when not steady of the entire economy causes people to make inefficient economic choices. If there is very high inflation for example I may choose not to work as hard as it is worth because I expect the money I earned to be worth less later. If there is too much deflation I may not choose to invest my money in building new businesses because I expect leaving my money in the bank to get my higher returns.  
@_date: 2013-12-07 22:54:13
One of the silk road clones got robbed of over 1% of all bitcoins in existence. Neither it nor the "china central bank skitters" news coinsided all that well with the drop in prcie. Baidu pulling out was closer but one entitity accepting or not accepting bitcoins seems rather trivial to me. To me the most obvious reason for the drop was the spreading realization tht bitcoins are unfairly distributed and that this trend may start becoming worse over time.(This is what the whole mining process was designed to avoid). However it is now becoming clear that the both the sheep theif and the Feds really were successful in locking up a small but signifigant portions of the bitcoins without actually contributing. This undermines the currency. 
At least this is what I would have suspected minus the news stories. But previously the news seem to have had relativly little effect on price compared to things that at least to me seem more fundamental. The really big holders of bitcoins know that baidu pulling out does not mean anything in long run.
@_date: 2013-04-10 23:02:38
Why would they not be able to track who got what. The second your kids spend the bitcoins the government will throw them in prison for tax evasion. The burden of proof for taxes is on the taxee not the government. Unless you can prove how you got your money they can prosecute you for tax evasion. 
I mean it lets you hide wealth in so as you do not spend it in a traceable way. But this is only possible with relatively small amounts of money. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 21:49:59
Inflation is still extremely low
@_date: 2013-12-24 06:45:37
The speculation is that he did not do 1. Or he did one but did something like leave a computer on with the code that the feds managed to seize before he could turn it off. 
3 is also pretty iffy. Normally the 5th would protect you. However in this case the feds don't need the password to show a crime was committed. They already have other evidence. So in theory the feds can use prison time as a barging chip for the code. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 03:02:05
So I guess I should be a little bit more clear about what I mean. I am referring not to people using bitcoin as an investment either long or short term. People using bitcoin as an investment will never in long run hold up the value of bitcoin. 
What I am referring to is people who use bitcoin because it is actually an inherently superior currency for their uses. These people do of course exist. Silk road and small scale money laundering are examples that come to mind. Only these kinds of bitcoin users are providing it inherent value. 
There seems to be an assumption that many people are making that there is a massively larger or richer set of people for whom bitcoin is a  inherently superior currency. The assumption is that these people have not started using it because of lack of knowledge or fear but that once that is overcome their will be a legitimate massive non-speculative rise in the currency. 
Common examples of this are people trying to hide very large sums of money from taxes or people using bitcoin as a hedge against inflation. I think these are both terrible assumptions because bitcoin is not going to let you hide huge assets from taxation. Further there are already many good hedges against inflation. 
I do think there is a ton of room for money launders to use the currency to a greater extent. North Korea and Iran come to mind. This is what I see as the main driver for future growth. Money laundering might be 100X or 1000X times the current value of all bitcoins. But 10000X or 100000X that would come from hiding from taxes and hedging is not going to happen. And of course these returns are amortized over how many years it would take to get full market penetration and are dependent upon governments not attacking exchanges when they find out Iran is using them to launder oil money. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:09:20
I agree that fundamentally the currency gains its value from people who use it for transactions not by people who hold it for investment. 
However I have no doubt that most holders of bitcoin are holding them as an investment and not using it as an actual currency. I don't think that all of these people are stupid. There are some good reasons to  believe there will in the future be more people using the currency for transactions giving it a fundamentally higher value. 
A stupid person using bitcoin for transactions adds more to the value of the currency than a smart person holding it as an investment. 
@_date: 2013-12-08 02:03:30
Yea I guess my reasoning was not all that clear.
To be even more precise people who understood the math behind bitcoins understood that the the theft was permanent and successful immediately. However it took a few days for this to become widely accepted. Even on the reddit bitcoin threads people seemed and some people still seem to think the person could be stopped.
Once it became clear that this was not the case people with economic smarts(even if they did not understand how bit coins work) realized that this was something that fundamentally hurts the currency including recent big whale investors. This realization would have hit very close to the drop.
But I may be vastly overestimating how much of the market is influenced by people thinking about the fundamentals. Or at least overestimating how many people are influenced by the fundamentals but have not taken the time to understand the math.
This is the kind of stuff that actually makes me interested in the subject. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 22:44:53
I actually don't think so. That news did not coninside with the drop either. The loss of tracking on the guy who got sheep happened closer. In some ways I would have expected the Chinese news to boost the price. It made it more obvious that the Chinese could not prevent people from using bitcoins to get money out of the country. Granted it almost certainly caused a demand drop. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:15:48


There is no evidence to support this assertion. For all we know the current all time high may be the all time high for all time. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 06:41:54
It is not against the 5th amendment to hold someone forever in contempt of court. However in most practical cases you must already be convicted of a crime. In most cases the Feds need the data to convict you so the 5th provides protection. But this is not the case here. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 03:05:56
Sorry for the downvotes you should not be getting them for making your argument even though I think it is wrong.
Your right that productivity increases are one reason inflation has stayed low but I think they are a relatively small part. The greater effect is from reduced lending and greater saving.
@_date: 2013-04-11 02:09:56
I am still confused as to what people think the big money will be. Bitcoin is only useful for hiding relatively small amounts of money. Larger sums can be tracked by the inputs and outputs of actual goods bought and sold. For example if you cash out to buy a house or even directly buy a house with bitcoins the IRS will find out not by watching bit coins but because you suddenly have a house. 
Of course you can hide your income but this becomes exactly equivalent to the case with cash.  The number of people using bitcoin as an investment vastly exceeds the number of people using it because of its advantages over other kinds of currency. It also has important disadvantages over other currencies like volatility and lack of liquidity.
Only the gains from people actually using it for its advantages will hold up in the long run. I think that there is enough people for whom these advantages are useful to allow bitcoin to continue go up in value. But there is not suddenly going to be a bunch of billionaires putting all their money in bitcoin.  
@_date: 2013-12-19 08:21:41
Oh prices would definitely be going down if not for the fed. I am not arguing that. The fed is very publicly trying to prevent deflation. But I would argue that they would be falling much faster due to increased savings and decreased loaning compared to increases on productivity. 


I agree this is the point. And its a good thing in my opinion. 


They are not the same by definition. However I think they are functionally the same. Who cares what the money supply is however you count it. All that really matters are prices. Especially over the long term. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 06:42:51
Does not matter if you are already convicted of a crime as is the case here.
@_date: 2013-04-11 21:40:45
I you believe in bitcoin and want to support it don't invest in it use it. The value of bitcoin fundamentally related to people actually buying and selling stuff with it. Just holding on to it does nothing for it. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 18:05:43
CPI does include health-care,education, and technology. 
Inflation helps the poor more than the rich. Inflation lowers the value of all dollar delimited assets while decreasing how much those in debt have to pay back. 
It makes sense to pay attention to price inflation not monetary inflation. If I can buy anything I want for a penny at my current salary or if everything suddenly cost a million dollars without my salary changing that has a meaningful effect on my life. I have yet to find a way monetary inflation effects me or others besides through changing prices.
The reason why a small amount of steady inflation is a good thing is bit strange. But I actually think this is not the important thing you are missing. Without monetary inflation there would be deflation. Having predictable prices has a lot of value. I would be happy to explain the rational for having a small rate of inflation but more important is why it is important not to have too much swings in prices that would be caused by not utilizing monetary policy.
@_date: 2013-12-24 06:48:11
The government is quite happy too consider litrally anything real property if people are willing to pay for it. They push harder than almost any other organization to consider digital/intellectual goods real property. For a very simple reason. They can then tax it. And you better believe the IRS is going to start nailing people for not reporting bitcoin income that is not well hidden. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 09:57:48
The previous big bust was caused by denial of severvice attacks and perception. This one is caused because of the realization that one person managed t to steal over one percent of all the bitcoins. This is a far more rational reason for a crash. But in general I agree with you. 