@_author: lookahs
@_date: 2017-12-28 13:47:28
Very insightful! In a way I now have even more questions than answers. 
I wonder if there is a bigger, fundamental issue at hand. I will see if I can put it to words (more likely a ramble).
*"BTC's benefits are that it's decentralized but a lot of the improvements necessary to make it more function require centralization. In order to get adoption, it requires consent from all parties (miners, exchanges, users, etc.) so it's incredibly different to get everyone agree to changes."*
It feels like the lack of government involvement, decentralization is central to Bitcoin. This reminds me of a book called 'Sapiens' when the author discusses imagined orders (dollar, humanrights, etc) and that transition from one of such orders to an alternative can "happen only if these strangers believe in some shared myths. It follows that in order to change an existing imagined order, we must first believe in an alternative imagined order."
This makes me wonder whether Bitcoin *is* revolutionary and game-changing. We all may be disgruntled with our governments and dislike the way things are done, taxed, funded, ruled and so forth. At first glance, it feels quite attractive to come up with a solution that solves this 'problem'. But does it? Generally speaking we all can vote in elections and choose the path we take. If we are unhappy with the financial sector, the way things are run, why not elect someone who will make a change? The reality is that the public doesn't and the status quo persists. Then, I struggle to see how a widely accepted Bitcoin would solve any problems if we would simply be replacing one order with another. People would continue to disagree, and it would remain in use just because everyone else uses it. ... We are already seeing crazy speculation, greed and a minority that holds majority of Bitcoins. What is this other than what we currently have now in a purely digital form? Perhaps I'm misunderstanding something.
Lastly, it did not quite click until now, but it will soon be 10 years of Bitcoin. As there was little use when I first encountered it in 2012, there still seems to be little use now (for me, in my eyes). If it were truly revolutionary, would it not have exploded and gained usage by now? it is almost as though something *is* fundamentally flawed, just can't put my finger on what exactly. One thought was the analogy to a small, up and coming brand that produces a good product. You trust them as you can directly engage with the founders and have an input if desired. These qualities allow it to succeed, grow and reach new heights until it is acquired by a large international corporation. Perhaps inherently nothing changes, but somehow the trust that once was there dissolves and you become more suspicious of the motives of the owners (now the large corp). Is it perhaps that if Bitcoin reached wide-acceptance we would become just as dubious and untrustworthy of it as we are of the current financial sector?
Oh my head.
P.S. Very much enjoyed the articles you linked (though the hackermoon article had some terminology I did not understand). Thanks
@_date: 2017-12-28 11:28:15
It almost sounds ridiculous when you put it as that. Granted that name recognition is often key to success. You only need to look towards big name brands that often produce average/inferior products when compared to cheaper alternatives, but maintain monopoly due to the power of their name and advertisement. Hence, why I originally questioned whether altcoins, despite their potential superiority, will ever see light.
I am trying to think of something I can relate to.... During my (short) lifetime I remember people using IRC extensively, then shifting to MSN Messenger/Skype and lastly FB Messenger, Whatsapp/Telegram. At the height of each, I could not really foresee when a critical mass would create enough momentum to cause a shift from one platform to another. Perhaps it always had to be a coincidence of some better alternative picking up pace, while the old became unbearably unusable and outdated and I am tempted to say that people have an insanely high tolerance for shit. To this day I am baffled as to how Microsoft manage to survive and continue despite (in my non-pro opinion) producing inferior software.
Thanks for the suggestions. I have not had a look yet, but I will. You mention 7000+ transactions per second for Raiblocks. The article linked by bomerr (  ) has it stating that Visa has capacity for 56k transactions per second. Makes me wonder whether that 7k can be increased or if more or less it is a physical limit dictated by hardware, etc. In which case, what problem does this solve that hasn't been solved already?
The second issue in my mind concerning altcoins is the difficulty in acquiring them and the question of who are the people that own the current stock? If majority of people who own altcoins are primarily Bitcoin owners, does this really instill any faith and 'public belief' into the alternatives? To me it sounds like Bitcoin users wishing to spread their risks by spreading out their investments as well as hoping for some 'to da moon' returns. This again sounds like pure speculation rather than true belief and support of a 'superior' system.
I'll write down some more thoughts regarding Bitcoin in response to bomerr when I get to it.