@_author: lordcameltoe
@_date: 2014-05-31 05:25:40
I have a product that requires customer support (to webmasters).
So having dealt with a lot of these types of requests, here's what I think: She looked at your account and decided it was less hassle to just close it like you asked than to go through full security procedures knowing very well it could be re-opened at any time.
I'm assuming the account didnt have much in it.
If it had a few thousand, then yes it would warrant more attention to security.
But you sort of came off as an elitist prick, so she just closed your account just like you asked so as to move on to more pressing matters.
Small customer support teams need to pick &amp; choose there battles, yours might not have seemed like a good investment of their time and effort.
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:37:22
After looking closely at the paintball sign (which says unit 17), I figured the units are offices and not actual storage units.  But still, seemed odd at first.
@_date: 2019-06-17 01:02:33
You assume they even have equipment. Cloud mining is the most basic if ponzi schemes:  taje investors money, pay them a little bit back with other investors money.  When not enough investors come in to make payouts worthwile, just close-up shop.
@_date: 2015-02-25 22:12:55
you may be on to something here.
@_date: 2015-02-25 13:54:49
Major porn site owner here, you see a lot of my ads everywhere.
We've looked into micropayments and actually have bitcoin payments ready to go on my sites.  The problem is figuring out how to make a profit with it.
What you guys are referring too is what we call VOD (Video on Demand) where a user pays only for the video they want to see.  Sites like clips4sale.com have been doing it for almost 2 decades.
The reason why everyone isn't jumping onto the bitcoin bandwagon is because there simply isn't much of a market for it.  It costs considerable amounts of money to change sites to a VOD format (if it isn't already) and the potential earnings vs what you would lose to people who would sign up for the full membership (and eventually rebill) don't justify making the switch.
Its simple finance.  Yes we would be opening up our market to users who normally wouldn't use a credit card, but we might also end up cannibalizing our profits against full paying members who would never have access to the content otherwise.
As for alternative payments, we do have sms billing and a few other options.
Do note: I will probably let bitcoin go live for a few weeks soon as a test to get some solid data.  But what other site owners have been telling me is that its not really worth it.
@_date: 2015-02-25 22:06:38
sms billing comes first as it is so much more widespread than bitcoin.  Also a lot of carriers/countries allow for recur billing and xsales.  So lots more money to be made per transaction.
I'm not saying Bitcoin isn't a good solution, I'm saying the demand is too low now to properly develop the sales funnels for now.
Personally I love the idea of crypto, but I need to work on what pays most first.
@_date: 2015-02-25 15:22:03
You dont need to whip out your CC for every video.  Once you enter your CC into a billing form, its kept on file with the bank and you can purchase anytime you want.  Smart site operators will make the process only 1 or 2 clicks.
Meaning: Click on "Buy this video", pop up or cart that says "Are you sure you want to buy this?", you click yes and Boom, transaction done.
Yes, I'm looking into setting up something similar for bitcoin.  But I havent seen any type of significant demand so as to put that type of project in the front of my To Do list.
@_date: 2017-05-26 18:45:25
In all fairness, the physical coin will get more clicks from non-initiated people 
@_date: 2015-02-25 22:11:22
If you can find a community of developpers to do it, then by all means go for it.
The reason why cam companies take a % of earnings is due to high overhead costs to build and maintain that kind of business.  You have to pay for lawyers, support staff (hundreds of people for a big sized site), devs to maintain the site, project managers to keep the quality of content consistent (you don't want to end up with CP on your site!), people do deal with payment processors, etc.
Its a big business.  As the site would be pay to play, you wouldnt get as much traffic as the free sites, so your ad revenue would be much much lower.
It'd be quite the challenge to build such a model (but not impossible).