@_author: lordclown
@_date: 2013-11-05 12:25:27
Thanks! I am a beginner to bitcoin and this helped a lot. But I have some question about security that I hope you could answer.
I want to have two bitcoin wallets. One savings account that I will only save bitcoins on and maybe send it to another wallet that I own if I want to spend it. 
I will create my saving wallet according to this [guide]( 
How should I create the other? I will only have money on that wallet when I want to buy something or when I spend money from the savings account. 
You say that "50-100 operations your backups can be obsolete"; does that mean that I have to do the same procedur from the guide after a while? Others recommend that you create a new wallet after every transaction, should I create a new saving wallet and send all my money from my "old" saving wallet as soon as I have sent money somewhere? 
@_date: 2013-11-05 22:31:23
Thanks! I will look futher into Electrum. 
@_date: 2013-11-06 00:16:59
what new file do you mean? I will do as the guide says and keep more than just one copy of my wallet.dat file just to be sure.
@_date: 2013-11-05 13:44:08
Thanks for the answer, it was really helpful! 
How do I perform a new backup? Should I just connect my saving wallet to the internet through a client and save the wallet.dat file again? Would you recommend that you print out all the initial 100 addresses and when you use one of them you cross it over until you don't have any left/some left and then perform a backup? 
@_date: 2013-11-05 23:24:50
Just to make sure I have understood everything correctly. I will create a spending and and saving wallet. The spending wallet could be on blockchain.info. I use this account when I exchange my central bank issued money to bitcoin and then either send it to my saving wallet or spend it. 
I will create the saving wallet according to [this method]( I use the public keys to transfer bitcoins from my spending wallet to my savings wallet.
But the part I don't really understand is how I should do if I want to spend money with my saving wallet. I have heard about the problem with changing addresses. 
How do I know which address that have the rest of my savings? Should I create a new saving wallet with the same method as I used before and then transfer the bitcoins to that adress? How do I keep my BTC secure from my payment to when I deposit my BTC in the new savings wallet. 
@_date: 2013-11-06 12:41:25
oh, I see. So even if I dont update all backups, if I for whatever reason need to use one I can just use the old backup(wallet.dat file from when I created the wallet) but when I connect the wallet to internet it will update itself to my current wallet. So if I take 3-4 backups when I create the wallet and only keep my newest backup on one device and for instance send BTC 10 times from the wallet my old backups will; when I connect them to the internet, know that I have done 10 transaction and will display the right amount.
@_date: 2013-11-06 11:32:00
Yes, I will only be putting money into the cold wallet so the problem with public keys shouldn't really be a problem. Does BitcoinQT do that to ensure anonymously? Can another person see that the BTC I send from the new public keys belong to the wallet that you had? For example, I have 2 BTC and send 1 BTC and I get a new public key from QT, can the person I send to money to see that I have 1 BTC left in the wallet or does the person see that I have sent 1 BTC and that I have no BTC in my wallet? 
So you would recommend just doing a new backup of the cold wallet when I have sent money from it? That would still force me to renew all the existing backups but I guess that's a thing I have to do if I want to keep all my BTC. 
Thank you for your help! 
@_date: 2013-11-06 10:09:53
But to make wallet.dat update I have connect it to the internet which would make it "hot" right? 
So if I want to send money from my cold wallet, I would first create a new cold wallet, send money from my old cold wallet and then send the rest of the money to my new cold wallet, right? 
The problem with this is that if I keep 4-5 backups I have to updates those backups. It makes it even harder if I have backups in different places. But maybe that is something that is necessary to be safe. 
EDIT: I have also heard that you could run out of public keys to your cold wallet, is that correct? How do I make sure I never run out of public keys? 