@_author: lordofthemists
@_date: 2014-03-13 01:23:52
OK, thanks. I was confused by the process.
@_date: 2014-03-13 01:11:20
It's more like "Invention A created a similar situation as Invention B. Invention A was successful. If Invention B follows the same pattern, it will also be successful". If people looking at bitcoin didn't think it followed the pattern of similar successful game-changing ideas, they wouldn't adopt it. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 01:21:23
What if they needed a larger amount money for something like bail? Let's say for the sake of argument you have a friend somewhere that would take more than a day to reach and they can only get the money from you (in prison in a weird city somewhere). Might piss them off to wait in jail for a day while your bank transfers money when they could be out in minutes with a BTC transaction.
That's why the speed is advantageous. 
@_date: 2014-08-16 04:19:22
Yeah it kind of looks like you got a pretty raw deal with the state of those miners at that price. IIRC, the caps are surface mounted so if the leads are intact you should be able to fix them with patience. I worked on a KNC miner that had the same issue and it was easy but time consuming.   
If you are able to get your money back, I suggest you look at BTC Gardens AM-V2 or the S3 instead of the S1. A good price is a bit above $1/GHs (obviously less is better, all else being equal) and power consumption should also be around 1W/GH with the current state of the industry. The low power means your miner stays on longer before it costs more to run it than it makes, which in turn means more money for you. Also, the new miners are much quieter (think slight breeze for the AM-V2 versus jet fighter for S1) so you and your family will be happier.   
I know you probably did all this research already, but I thought I might let some of the prospective miners in this thread know. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 01:00:12
If someone gave you twenty Euros as a gift while you were in the US, would you get pissed at them or just take it to an exchange? Would you even offer goods or services for something you don't want or wouldn't use?
Merchants that accept bitcoin see an advantage to doing so. People that receive bitcoins as gifts are generally far more excited than people that get gift-cards to places where they don't go.   
If a portion of the population of the US started using Euros and select merchants were accepting them, you can bet your ass there would be a push for adoption. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 02:45:39
First off, I never said the internet or email were a fad. I said email was originally a novelty that people thought would never compete with traditional mail.
Assuming everyone with an online computer in 1996 had an email address, there was only 10% of Americans with email. That was 24 years after the invention of email. So even with early adoption by the military as a BACKUP system, there was little use for email until much later. I doubt very much people in the 80's believed email would replace postal mail. I know for a fact people in the nineties didn't believe it.  In fact, as late as the early 2000's it was still considered an incredibly informal method of communication as a method of doing business. 
And the definition of novelty is the quality of being new, original, or unusual. 
So yeah, email WAS a novelty and it WAS believed it "would never compete with the traditional method of sending letters".
@_date: 2014-08-16 16:46:57
Could you link a guide for that? I know a ton of people that would love to get those specs on their s1
@_date: 2014-03-13 02:00:31
I was creating a hypothetical situation that would require fast exchange of money over a large distance where there was no alternative source. And posting bail with bitcoin might seem silly now, but in ten years it could be common-place. Why not use bitcoin if it is accepted? No having to get cash or money order at weird times of night.
@_date: 2014-03-13 01:23:29
Awesome, thanks for the insight. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:00:26
Can HFT really work with BTC trading? I know it works with regular stocks because they can make a large amount of trades back and forth very quickly. But it's not like the trades will get confirmed faster on the block-chain. Someone please explain why this is an advantage.
@_date: 2014-03-13 01:04:59
Everybody said that when the internet started. Everybody. 
Same as smartphone adoption.
Same as every new technology in its early days. 
Actually contribute to the discussion with verifiable arguments please.
 
@_date: 2014-08-17 01:46:11
Awesome, thanks
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:53:08
Precisely. Investing is a long-term solution and impossible for people that can't afford to lock up funds for that time. Savings accounts pay very little in interest on small balances. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:47:16
This holds true for literally every commodity on the face of the planet, especially fiat.
 Diamonds are valuable because they are hoarded, not because they aren't made. But the price for a diamond has been extravagant for such a long time because nobody dumps their hoard, which is precisely the same strategy as miners hoarding bitcoins.  And there is a set number of bitcoins ever available, unlike other commodities, so as long as there is a demand for more it is guaranteed to rise in value. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 01:07:20
Every postal service was an established alternative. When email first came out, it was disregarded because the majority of people didn't have the computers or internet required. As the infrastructure grew, so did adoption. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 02:04:07
I was creating a hypothetical situation that would require fast exchange of money over a large distance where there was no alternative source. "For the sake of argument" should have cleared that up. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:15:12
Bitcoin has maximum potential as a mainstream currency. It still provides many useful and unique services while not in the mainstream that generate use and further adoption.
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:40:08
What about easy donations? Wikipedia drummed up a nice sum of money with BTC donations because it takes only a few minutes between someone deciding to donate and the actual currency being in the organization's hands. Yes, this can be done with credit cards or paypal, but those options both incur fees and a significant delay between the money actually going from the donor's hands to the organization. 
Fast, verified payments are benefits to most anyone. Craigslist sellers can be sure they have their money in a safe place and don't have to worry about potentially carrying large amounts of money. Merchants have an option aside from credit cards and cash. 
And there's the security of not getting a charge-back. For a lot of online business, fraudulent charge-backs are a hassle and damage the company. I personally know three separate individuals who had thousands of dollars locked up for months because of fraudulent charge-backs. One nearly had to close his doors. Permanent trades ensure the money is available as soon as the product is purchased or the service is performed. 
Lastly, getting rid of the need for banks would benefit the economy as a whole. No more minimum balance fees, excessive withdrawal fees, bailing out banks because that's where the money is, all the things banks get away with because they can. This isn't saying lending institutions will be replaced by BTC, but it will level the playing field for the average consumer and force the banks to offer incentives in order to do the same business. Why deal with all the BS associated with a storing your money in a bank when BTC serve the same purpose at no cost? Don't say interest rates, because anyone that has a higher interest rate on their savings than 1% is not even close to the norm.
Frankly, the only major differences between BTC and fiat for the average lawful user are the ease of BTC transfers and the availability of BTC-accepting retailers. But good luck storing a ton of readily-accessible fiat without using a big company and their rules. 
@_date: 2014-08-16 03:39:04
So it looks like most of the damage can be easily repaired and is a result of improper packaging. If your refund doesn't work out, the capacitors can be replaced cheaply and soldered on and the fan is pretty much a standard case fan. The heat sinks are pieces of junk (literally), so a fin or two missing isn't that critical and neither is deformation. 
If you don't mind me asking, what price did you get for the miners? Most of the S1's are near the end of their life in terms of ROI, especially with the dropping price of bitcoin, so they aren't the best investment when you could possibly be looking at getting BTC Gardens that are nearly half the power use. Of course, if you just want BTC to hold in case of a price jump, they'll net you about .5 BTC each if the difficulty stays down.  
@_date: 2014-08-25 01:12:21
Not at all late! Here's some people I worked with this summer that have some great products: [minersource.net]( Lots of rage out there about their Black Arrow deal from forever ago, but that's a manufacturer issue not theirs. 
The best deal last time I looked was BTC Gardens or Antminer S3. With the right equipment, you should ROI in 4-5 months. Power consumption/hashrate is the largest indicator, with the older rigs being less efficient and therefore less desirable. 
There are lots of online calculators that can figure out how much they'll make/cost you in terms of USD or BTC, but the best thing is to look up the wikipedia pages about calculating mining revenue and make one in Sheets or Excel so you can graph it and make changes over time.
**Do your due diligence first and make wise investments, nothing is guaranteed.** 
As far as the right place to start, try [bitcointalk]( Look in their mining forum and see what people are saying about their rigs and upcoming products. Just take everything with a grain of salt, this is the internet after all. 
Have fun!
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:51:01
Bet your friend would have enjoyed having it in the six minutes it takes to send a bitcoin on average. And good on you for finding a bank that makes transfers for no fees on either end.
@_date: 2014-03-13 01:14:09
ITT: Bitcoin is a new form currency with a small amount of users. Let's compare it to the oldest and proven forms of currency. Then let's argue about it like children. 