@_author: lord_quazar
@_date: 2019-12-23 08:19:55
I made my point, you dont have to understand or agree with it.  Peace to you
@_date: 2019-12-23 08:30:05
Dude I stated my opposition,  take it or leave it. Im not gonna retype what you can reread.  If you think nothing I said makes any sense, then you have no reason to waste our time.  
Everyone on the internet argues that things either have to be one extreme or the other, all you care about is being right so much you cant even consider how you could be wrong.
@_date: 2019-12-23 08:10:14
I dont have to lay claim to knowing who the strongest men are,  but some slaves 1000s of years ago, sounds like a looking for stuff to support veganism.  Which I figured saving animals was enough, but we gotta go and have arguments about what's science, what are facts, and what are just hopefulness.  
If people can say gladiators where the strongest people of their time, and cannot even say how tall they were, what their height was, of any of the specimens, then its just some bullshit really.  Hey Broc Lesnar eats like nothing but red meat and potatoes, and he's one of the biggest strongest men in the MMA world. Does that mean people should go around saying that whats good for him must be best for everyone?  Or best for strong people?  
Thats my point.
@_date: 2019-12-23 08:39:31
You're talking like you did the fucking research on gladiators yourself and published this to the world, when you're just copy/pasting some shit you heard, sharing it without thinking objectively, like a *scientist*
@_date: 2019-12-23 08:33:15
Well you sure sound like a scientist so I guess I'll put away my objective capacity and blindly agree with you.  Congrats you educated someone online by putting them in a corner with your own logic.  Im not hijacking this post anymore. Clearly you're pissed off someone called you out on some shit you watched in a  documentary or read in a book that didnt submit anything peer reviewed.  Because by all metric data available today,  top performers, athletes and power lifters, on a whopping majority eat meat.  
Which science would then say you dont have much of a case to put forward.|  
But if you werent so pissed off in the first place, you would have been able to read where I said that I dont believe that being vegan limits your strength.  Meaning I am an ally in the vegan movement. Surprise!    
Seriously my last reply
@_date: 2019-12-22 00:24:46
To be fair it cannot be proven what people were strongest, or where, at any point in what is basically prehistory without a workout journal of some kind or log of measurable feats.
To be clear, I'm not saying its impossible, Im not saying vegan diet isnt best or more optimal for many people.
Just saying people cant go around saying what exactly gladitors did or didnt do, and that they where matter of fact, the "strongest" people.  
\*\*Correction, people can say gladiators were the strongest people of the time, and others can chose to believe them based off their findings,  this still does not make it true, or a fact.
@_date: 2019-09-28 17:07:45
I like his logic, cant use a car if you're dead. Cant argue with that.