@_author: lordberric
@_date: 2018-01-04 04:58:18
Pretty much what's happening. I display an opposing viewpoint and I get a barrage of pseudo-economics and downvotes lmao
@_date: 2018-01-03 22:13:23
It's just not viable as a currency when it's not controlled at all.
@_date: 2018-01-04 00:11:43
I agree these are problems, I fail to see how Bitcoin can solve them
@_date: 2018-01-03 20:42:12
Please, explain the bigger picture and what "so really" means. 
@_date: 2018-01-03 20:28:20
Bitcoin is the worst currency lol it passes none of the requirements.
It's not a medium of exchange because nobody  wants to use it to buy things/barely anyone accepts it
It's not a unit of account, because it changes in value constantly. You can't say "this is worth .6 bitcoin" because that means a different thing every hour.
And it's not a store of value because it's constantly changing in value. A 100 dollar bill will change in value over 10 years, but not in the volatile way Bitcoin will. And it's not even a good investment because you can't make intelligent investing decisions based on it because guess what? It's 100% speculative.
And the other thing currencies should be is almost 100% liquid. You shouldn't have to jump through (costly) hoops to buy a pizza.
Edit: as expected, my criticism are met with no actual response. I challenge someone to show me how Bitcoin meets any of these criteria.
@_date: 2017-12-24 20:24:44
This is a fucking cult lmao... Any criticism of Bitcoin is an "organized attack"
@_date: 2018-02-05 22:43:04
Never said Microsoft isn't big, just that in terms of Bitcoin it isn't. The people with Bitcoin are not the target audience of Microsoft products.
@_date: 2018-02-05 20:41:51
lmao WHO accepts it though? Literally the biggest company that I could find that accepts it is Microsoft. And yeah, that's nice, but it's still not that big. 
Bitcoin is FAR too volatile for any company to accept. Prices would need constant adjusting, the cost of transactions are too high, and it's just not used by enough people to actually warrant the cost of creating the framework. 
Other than microsoft, the biggest companies I could find accepting it were... KFC Canada, Subway... wahoo. Show me one person who's gonna go to Subway and fuckin buy a meatball sub with a bitcoin. 
Seriously, I'd love to see a poll of bitcoin users and find out how many people seriously use it to buy things.
Still not convinced? Okay, let's look at the definitions of a currency. There are three qualifications.
Medium of Exchange: It must be able to perform as an intermediary in the exchange of goods and services. As I explained, it doesn't work well as that because so few people accept it. Especially since it can change at any point. I'm perfectly fine selling my phone for 300 dollars because I can be fairly sure that tomorrow that the ratio of value between the phone and those 300 dollars won't have changed drastically. However, if I sell my phone for 300 dollars in bitcoin, tomorrow that might come out to like 2 dollars. But most of all, fucking transaction costs. I don't wanna buy anything with a currency that's gonna double the cost due to the transaction costs being insanely high.
Store of value: Well fuck, once again doesn't work here. It can't be a store of value because it's one of the worst ways to store value. Again, you don't want to be storing value in something that suddenly might be worthless. 
Unit of account: This is something that can be used to measure the value of goods and services. If I say my scarf cost me 20 dollars, that's because the dollar works as a unit of account. Bitcoin, on the other hand doesn't work as this because as I said before it changes constantly. Now, all currencies change, but not at this rate. So yes, while 20 dollars might be worth a bit more or less due to inflation/deflation over time, prices are adjusted often enough to cover that. This is possible, because the dollar doesn't change at a rate of 50% in a month. Bitcoin, on the other hand, does. If I'm a store owner, I don't want to have to go through my store every few minutes changing the price tags on items just so I don't lose money. On the other hand, if I'm shopping, I don't want to be making constant calculations to ensure I'm not being ripped off.
Bitcoin doesn't qualify with any of these three essential definitions of a currency. And it's also jack shit as an investment option because it has absolutely no inherent value. It's based on nothing at all. It doesn't have any backing. It's gonna keep rapidly changing in value until it eventually crashes completely.
It has a fundamental value of basically 0, so its a bad idea as a long term investment. I used to think it might still be viable as a short term investment, just due to the greater fool theory... but the long term is just a lot of short terms. The expected value long term is negative, and so is the expected value short term. 
You lost money the minute you put money into it. That's not just because bitcoin is flawed, any investment is like that. When you invest, you lose that money. But with real investments, you can be expected to actually make money long term. But this isn't like that. You have no reason to believe it will go up. Don't "Hodl", sell as soon as you can.  
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:59:21
Mainstream? Who accepts it? Fucking steam stopped taking it.
@_date: 2018-02-05 21:55:51
No, that's really not at all what I'm saying. I'm saying that:
1. only a couple companies accept it, and an even smaller number of those are companies that are likely to see much business from bitcoin. There has to be variable use for the thing. Nobody wants a currency that can't be used for anything but microsoft, subway sandwiches, and travel. That's not useful to most people. To be viable on a large scale it'd need to see use in investment opportunities, and also like... amazon. If amazon picked it up, that might be possible, but that's not gonna happen.
2. it doesn't pass any of the definitions of a currency. Not even one of the three. It'd have to pass all of them to be viable, and it passes zero.
3. it's not useful as an investment.
So congrats, you picked out a single one of my points (not even the most important, see number 2) and then misinterpreted it. Nice. 