@_author: lordcannon5d
@_date: 2016-01-13 13:56:53
Not exactly. I was using music as an example, but i guess you aren't technically wrong. 
@_date: 2016-01-13 14:22:55
No you are not wrong. I use royalty free and copyrighted music I've been cleared to use on projects. I was just using music as an example. I think there a tons of works that are stifled by the corporate end of things. People getting their political videos taken off the web because they used a sound bit that they weren't cleared to use. Even some people have gone out of the way to do the legal work to acquire the content they need for a project only to find that the work they are looking to use is under some sort of complicated contract and cannot be used. 
A lot of the time, these people are ripping down videos over $1.25 in ad rev. In the grand scheme of things that $1.25 can be huge if they own a piece of work that has been used elsewhere numerous times, not to mention that this also thwarts individuals from trying to use a work without permission, but I wonder of the kind of content that could be produced if a few awesome penniless creators could create without those pitfalls. 
Going back to music as an example: As a music producer I've produced some great beats using samples and never dared to try to make money off of them. But there are some samples that I would never be able to acquire and I put tons of work into it (I know a lot of people think sampling isn't much work, but once you understand how it's done you realize some records take a tremendous amount of effort to create). 
Now, if I met an artist that knew the work was copyrighted but understood I worked a great deal on it, I think it would be great to be paid electronically for that. It's being done everyday, where it's on the clearnet or just hand to hand transactions, I was just wondering if people are using bitcoin this way, or can they. 
@_date: 2016-01-13 14:12:56
Okay, I think you see where I'm coming from. I agree, I don't think it would be a good long term goal but could be an interesting way for someone with no budget with a highly creative mind to produce something without any real restrictions and get capital so that maybe they can return for a next project and do things legally. 
I mean, it happens all the time now. People release heaps of content on blogs collecting on Adsense without really getting the rights to do so. Creators are fighting that battle everyday. 