@_author: lorenzomoney
@_date: 2014-01-29 19:03:30
Andreas did a great job. He makes it clear that executives in banking organizations are fearful of changes that will leave them marooned without a means of being paid salaries in the millions of dollars not for work own but for merely having had the skills to reach the pinnacle of some corporate organization. 
@_date: 2014-04-12 23:41:18
Lord Satoshi is the incarnation of the Boddhisatva of Nerds with Money.
@_date: 2013-08-28 16:24:56
Yes, I would sell bitcoin for Dwolla.
I do not often use reddit, and prefer bitcointalk to this.
If you would like to contact me you may email me at lorenzomoney
@_date: 2013-08-28 16:23:00
Where does personal responsibility come into play with this?
The individual was not ripped off or fooled by anyone.
Yes, they made a mistake, and yes, they could try to get the mining co-operative who mined that block to give them money, but they sent it. It is no different than if someone made a mistake on bidding on an online auction and bid too much, or paid too much for mining hardware.  Those who mined that 200 BTC transaction fee should keep it.  After all, they did the mining work. 
@_date: 2013-06-19 23:06:33
I was one of the recipients of that .0001 gift. I think that what all the recipients have in common is that they had registered a bitcoin address with Blockchain.info with a tag / text label.
It was like the mysterious gifter just chose anyone and everyone who had a tagged bitcoin addresses registered with blockchain.info
@_date: 2013-06-03 16:08:24
I am going to have to agree with you. Yes, Ken has used a bit too much hyperbole with some of his PR, but he has not lied. He also is a very real person. I know for a fact that he is a real person. And, I do hope that he succeeds in putting together mining rigs and getting them up and running, because I have bought AMC stock on bitfunder.com
Oh! And, I am a real person, too and I have a Twitter account and post there frequently. If Ken screws this project up, I will be talking to him personally! ;)
@_date: 2013-06-03 15:57:04
I know that Ken E. Slaughter is not fictional, since I have spoken with him on the phone and have corresponded with him via email and on IRC. That does not mean he has the experience to pull off this project, or that the project will succeed. His plan makes sense: Buy lots of ASIC chips from Avalon, build mining rigs, build a mining farm, and then paying out dividends to shareholders, and by funding the purchase of the chips and paying for the services of the tech team to put everything together by selling shares.  If Ken pulls this off, lots of people are set to make lots of money. His intention from everything he has communicated to me, is exactly as I stated. A scammer wants to raise money and then run. Someone incompetent wants to raise money, and then attempts a project that is beyond his or her scope of capability. It won't be clear whether Ken has the ability to complete this project until the chips get delivered. But, he is not scamming. ALL investments are a risk, and investments in the Bitcoin world are a greater risk, but, where there is great chance for profit there also is risk of loss.
@_date: 2013-02-26 03:06:16
Today, I had the same experience with CoinBase. I had been using them as a hosted Wallet and I ordered 8 BTC. The verified my US checking account and after I ordered the BTC, i got a message that I would have to wait until the end of the banking day on Feb 25 for the purchase to clear. Waiting was acceptable since I know it takes that long for funds to get transferred via the routing number account number method.  Then, after 6:00 PM, I received an email that my purchase was considered high risk and the purchase was cancelled. I verified a checking account based in the USA, where I live and it has the same name as the account I opened with them. They verified my account by doing that two small deposit procedure. The price of BTC has gone up since I made my purchase. Further, I have more than enough funds in my checking account to cover the purchase. If CoinBase wants to develop a good reputation among the BTC community, they need to honor purchases from verified accounts. I have sent an email to BitCoin in response of their cancellation of my transaction with them.
@_date: 2013-04-17 04:59:17
Wow! That is so funny! I have had the exact same problem. I kept having to use the password recover option to be able to log into WeExchange.co. Then I went to the  channel on the freenode IRC network and PM'd with Graet and he was able to help me solve the problem.
I then decided to invest more bitcoins in AsicMiner through Bitfunder.
@_date: 2013-07-08 22:02:22
I have quite the opposite experience with Dwolla. I have called them on the phone several times and asked all sorts of newbie questions and they were quite patient. I like using Dwolla.