@_author: lorempsum
@_date: 2015-06-09 02:13:50


I'm not talking about Bitcoin XT, I'm talking about his intentions to become a dictator in Bitcoin Core itself.


He most certainly does not. A change like this to one of Bitcoin's most important economic parameters, probably only second to the 21M rule, requires a very broad consensus, which this definitely doesn't have as evident by all the controversy around that.
He might have majority support (and I'm not really certain about that, either), but definitely not a broad consensus.
@_date: 2015-06-09 00:57:29
See my [other comment](
Gavin should not have the power to change the official Bitcoin release on its own. It is a very dangerous path to go down.
@_date: 2015-06-09 00:34:42
Consensus doesn't necessarily mean 100%. Reaching a broad consensus is possible even if a few developers are against it. The current state of affairs, where everyone other than Gavin and Mike are opposing the change, is VERY FAR from any kind of consensus. If anything, there's a very clear consensus against Gavin's proposal (but not against raising the limit in general).


I would say the exact same thing. If he was in such a clear minority pushing for a change, the change should be rejected. He's not god and shouldn't be trusted blindly. I trust reason and rational, not people.


The change being simple code-wise does not make it simple. There are many ideological, political and technical challenges there. Changing the total number of coins is also a one line change - do you consider that a "simple" change too?
@_date: 2015-06-09 00:41:08
I would define the scam as making an hard ideological change to Bitcoin (from a rule-by-consensus decision making process to a rule-by-dictatorship process) while hijacking the name and official repository. I did not sign up for that.
@_date: 2015-06-09 00:47:29
Once the change is part of the official Git repository, uses the "Bitcoin" name, offered for download on bitcoin.org, packaged on Linux repositories under the name "bitcoin", it would be very hard to stop that change from happening.
Whoever has the power to do these things has a low of power over Bitcoin. Do not underplay the importance of that.
@_date: 2015-06-09 01:20:16


And every other core developer, other than Gavin and Mike (though Mike isn't really a contributing developer for a long long time now).


Come on, really? How is that even relevant? Talk about his claims and rational, not about his personality.


There are many valid reason to oppose a change that might increase Bitcoin's value on the short-term, but harm it in the long-term. Your arguments are just classic scare tactics.


Blockstream has no opinion on this matter; It's the people who happen to work there that too. I don't see any relevance in that argument, at all.
@_date: 2015-06-09 00:24:37
Enough with that "the core devs are against that because of blockstream" nonsense. There are core devs who oppose it and has nothing to do with blockstream, and the ones who are related to blockstream has publicly stated their opinion long before sidechains was a thing.
@_date: 2015-06-09 00:14:03
I signed up for Bitcoin as a system that's ruled by consensus, not by dictatorship. If any of the core devs wants to make an hard-fork change that can't gain consensus, he should indeed make a new coin. That includes Gavin and Satoshi too.
And I don't think anyone sensible is pushing for no increase at all. The debate is about the timing and the mechanism. The devil is in the details.
@_date: 2015-06-09 01:30:48
Forking is fine, as long as its under a different name, repository and website. Pushing a change down Bitcoin's throat without reaching a consensus is most definitely not.


This isn't a [black or white]( situation. The alternative to Gavin's proposal for raising the block size limit is a different proposal for raising the block size limit, not doing nothing.


That might be a fair compromise. However, the first step for Gavin should be to get down from his high horse, acknowledge that such a change requires a broad consensus and that changing the decision-making process of Bitcoin to rule-by-dictatorship is a terrible, terrible idea that should never have been raised.
@_date: 2015-06-09 01:41:51
While I don't agree with everything he does, Luke-jr happens to be one of the most contributing developers to Bitcoin. What have you done to help Bitcoin lately?
@_date: 2015-06-09 02:02:54
Oh, damn. I took my time to respond to this comment on another thread, but apparently you're just on a copy-paste spree? What a fu waste of time. Can you at least give a disclaimer about that next time?
@_date: 2015-06-09 00:01:10
Does that seem acceptable to anyone?
@_date: 2015-06-09 01:09:21


Nope. It is just Mike and Gavin. The majority of the other core devs wants an increase, just not as per Gavin's proposal.


This should not be a popularity contest. Many in the community wants it only because Gavin is pushing for it and their vulnerability to "appeal to authority" arguments. This is evident by the shrinking support since the public debate started, compared to when Gavin originally started his push to 20mb blocks.


It sure is. It would effect the decentralized nature of the network, make the requirements for running a full node higher, exclude many people from running a full node, change the fee-market economics and alter one of the two important scarcities in Bitcoin (the coins limit being the other one).
In addition, and probably most importantly, it alters the decision-making process of Bitcoin development from rule-by-consensus to rule-by-dictatorship, which is the part I find most problematic.


There are many problems with that. The blockchain is a public good and is prune to the tragedy of the commons issues. Once could say the same thing about coin generation - why not let the "free market mining process" determine that too?


That would be much better than forcing a change down Bitcoin's throat, but also quite problematic for the future of Bitcoin. I would still be completely okay with that (though, imho, Gavin is only playing that Bitcoin-XT card to gather support for a 20MB change in Bitcoin itself; More of a game-theory kind of thing where he makes that threat so that he doesn't have to actually do that).


I'm totally for a block size increase; Just not to 20mb in one quick jump made now.
@_date: 2015-06-09 01:52:02
I would upvote this a thousand times if I could. The simplistic views some people have here is completely absurd. It's an hive mentality and a desire to be part of something, while telling everyone else how silly and wrong they are.
If Bitcoin was to be controlled by a popularity contest, we're pretty doomed.
@_date: 2015-06-09 00:38:45


Isn't it the exact opposite? It seems like he's pushing for a future where Bitcoin is controlled by a single person that can make changes without reaching a consensus with the other core devs.