@_author: lothros
@_date: 2013-12-20 12:00:43
I came across the current war yesterday in a chapter on reputation in the ’48 laws of power’ book. 
After electrocuting animals with AC, Edison attempted to demonise it further by getting the New York State prison to organise the world’s first execution by electrocution with AC in 1890. The charge was too weak and the procedure had to be repeated, causing an awful spectacle. Edison destroyed his own reputation and the success of DC while trying to make the public believe that the newer AC system was deadlier and inferior. 
Loose parallels can certainly be drawn with the fiat vs crypto currency story. Some thoughts though:
1)	The main argument against AC was that it was inherently unsafe. The main argument against bitcoin is not that it is dangerous, but that it is financially risky as long as it continues to be treated as a stock rather than a currency. 
2)	I can choose to use 90% fiat and 10% crypto to see what it’s like and form my own opinion, but the transition from DC to AC was necessarily abrupt and complete, and not controllable by the individual.
3)	A single influential person is unlikely to have a disinformation campaign against crypto currencies backfire in quite the same way as in the current war. 
I have a feeling that governments are better off subtly ridiculing bitcoin than abruptly regulating and restricting its use. A bit like how effective the term 'conspiracy theory' is in dismissing ideas. The later tactic validates bitcoin as a real threat and will rally the public’s interest. 
To the MOOOOON!
@_date: 2013-12-28 10:13:22
While it’s true that a determined attacker could work around the encryption or detect keys before they are encrypted, KeyScrambler is effective in protecting against your average keylogger. A Trojan could also disable KeyScrambler upon rebooting but then you assume that KeyScrambler is one layer in your security and you have other software to protect you.
Other programs offer more complete protection against clipboard logging, screenshot logging and “man in the browser” attacks. Someone else may be able to recommend one. 
As others have said, definitely use 2FA, and encrypt your offline wallets.  
@_date: 2013-12-27 16:13:16
You may also be interested in a program like Keyscrambler to protect against keyloggers.
@_date: 2013-12-24 20:07:30
Scan the QR code to extract the public key or just type it out.
Check the balance by typing the address on blockchain.info
@_date: 2013-12-28 10:36:38
I recommend storing it in a hidden TrueCrypt container hidden inside an MP4. The MP4 still plays and the container is not detectable by TCHunt. The stream size will be &lt;100% but it's a fun disguise. 
Guide is [here]( uses Python script.