@_author: loudwater
@_date: 2014-12-24 03:13:09
Well said Blockchange - the reality is that individual privacy is a human right  in accordance with the 1948 Declaration of Human Rights - and that regulators everywhere ought to be ignored in as much as those who are fortunate to live in sensible jurisdictions are able to do.
See the TED talk: 
@_date: 2014-04-10 15:28:46
I heard about side-chains this morning on the latest lets's talk bitcoin podcast - intuitively lights went on in my head - this seems a really brilliant idea from bright respected experienced people. Side-chains can multiply and create a fully-functional ecosystem working within Bitcoin - I think 2014 will be really interesting in this part of the Bitcoin-2 space.
@_date: 2014-07-21 12:37:37
Excellent Post.
With anonymity BTC is as fungible as paper money - without anonymity BTC has no real future and one of the (probably) cryptonote alts will take over.
@_date: 2016-05-08 19:38:21
Varoufakis is a very clear presenter of ideas which are current and well-accepted by economists. He is also passionate about having democracy in the EU (where it seems not to exist). However we live in a world where the money system determines what happens rather than the political system (although left-wing Syriza won a massive election victory in Greece, the Troika ruled by bankers - IMF etc forced them to backtrack on their election promises). What he fails to understand is that with BTC and Crypto in general we get the democratization of money, ie the real power which controls politics and that is a very powerful force. In future a democracy where the holders of Crypto have the real power in the world we will certainly get true democracy far easier that with the fast-redundant political process.
@_date: 2015-02-25 19:14:23
There is a basic misconception about attempting to use Bitcoin's technology for a national currency. Bitcoin works (and works supremely well in my experience) as a global transfer of value across the Internet.
In Systems theory (cf. Deming), a global system is far more optimised, hence efficient and useful than merely a national one.
The distributed nature of the Bitcoin system is its greatest strength - not being able to be controlled by a single entity - hence any attempt to create a similar system by a central bank - which will necessarily need to control such a currency - is doomed to fail.