@_author: loudcircle
@_date: 2013-12-06 18:52:19
1) Jews identify themselves as being spiritually superior. Netanyahu addressed this by saying that Jews is something ''you have in your DNA'', therefore supporting my claim that Jews can be atheists but still be moral particularists. 
2) Read a book(or stop watching FOX) before you make statements about things you don't (have the capability to) understand.  The media, the banking system, huge corporations. They are all under the control of Jews/zionists. 
Even the mods of reddit are zionists, censoring bad information about Israel. Trying to silence RT, for example.
@_date: 2013-12-06 18:41:59
I'm not a racist. I'm just well aware of the fact that bitcoin was CREATED to counter the Jewish banking corporatists. It is a fact that they have a monopoly, this is a public secret, albeit unknown to the relatively ignorant community of bitcoin. IT-guys never were much into politics.
But that is not what is worrying me. It is a lesser known fact(Macdonald, 2010) that the intellectual elite consists of primarily Jews. And there has been a new paper discussed here which stems from the HQ of corporate and political evil.
These universities are under strong influence of moral particularists and zionists that only seek to better themselves. What better way is to introduce a fancy system with lots of formula's and thereby introduce a backdoor yet remains unknown due to the fact that the intellectual elite, the ''peers'', judge it positively?
Has anyone ever thought about that? I think not. All I want to say to the btc-community is to be careful dealing with Israelis or Jews. They are not a trustworthy bunch.
@_date: 2013-12-06 18:31:41
I suspect zionist Jewry trying to get a hold over bitcoin by implementing ''fantastic'' new papers that could introduce ''faster transactions'' at the cost of a potential backdoor no one of us had seen.
The mastercoin seems like another way to divert the attention from the bitcoin to some sort of mudcoin system. Just to have ''tangible assets''(=fiat currencies) ''backing them up''. Great advantage man, we all know that gold will never back up any of these currencies because...well you know that the Jewish banking cabal has their finger in the gold. 
I say, screw it, im sticking to Btc.
