@_author: loufiethecat
@_date: 2012-11-21 11:49:20
click the title not the face book symbol or link in brackets people... this is internet 101
@_date: 2012-11-21 11:25:22
you have to be signed in to face book to see any pages on facebook are you daft???
@_date: 2012-11-20 18:39:31
What are going on about??? Accept visitors??? Anyone can visit... that quote you've taken from the site is a standard IT/WEB indemnity clause... Visitors... ? You have dig at the exchanges protection then at me for not letting you in to who knows what you think you've been excluded from...
I'm pretty sure your comment constitutes shit on the web...too then, just garble and ranting about freedoms you have and have not... Whatever. BTC needs more legit positive people and operations not assholesque whingers. No one is forcing you to use or even view the site... your choice.
@_date: 2012-11-20 16:38:49
bASIC BFL BiTE (BiTE: Hybrid BTC/LTC mining)BTC ASIC payoffs from LTC mining and investments.
1. To strengthen the LTC economy.
2. Give the small or casual miner a place to invest without taking up precious space or energy and without buying anymore hardware.
3. To offer up to the community something different and exciting
Company Overview
The Triple B mining consortium is a LTC/BTC mining operation. that will fund, 
through the sale of bonds, various ASIC core machines for BTC mining Rights. 
Triple B mining will also focus on the support of the LTC economy through buying 
back into LTC to pay mined BTC and LTC. ALL DIVIDENDS ARE IN LTC. NO BTC 
Through Public funding we seek to bring BTC ASIC mining to the everyman, not 
just those with money or business backing. Wouldn't it be great not to have to sell your beautiful GPU Rig and forget LTC just to afford a single ASIC unit that is really expensive??? We also believe in LTC and wish to encourage the use of the crypto currency more. Hence our promise to trade all BTC attributed to investors into Litecoin...
@_date: 2012-11-20 14:03:49
We at Triple B Mining are trying to support the BTC/LTC inter relationship and support the newer fledgling 'silver as to gold' crypto currency that LTC is. To achieve this we are mining both BTC with ASIC tech(futures earnings) and LTC with GPU tech with a moderate GPU farm that will grow with the ASIC farm. The mined BTC will then be sold for LTC supporting the many new transferred GPU miners fleeing the BTC mining arena and entering the LTC one. Miners mine to sell and profit so we buy these coins then here's the beautiful part... We pay all our dividends in those bought LTC giving back to those ex-miners who have given up BTC and or LTC mining due to noise, space, profitability, maturing, scared of the crash, pissed at ASIC tech, ect ect but still want the thrill or payouts who will have invested in us to mine for them. We need support due to Electrical storms taking out some BTC servers we'd dedicated to switch to our GPU ltc op... please help by investing in us or if in QLD and want to sell equipment for BTC or LTC ring or land line... number available in prospectus in above link
@_date: 2013-05-27 08:25:16
yay BTC!!!
@_date: 2013-03-03 07:21:54
Here... try this, 
Triple B Mining one of, if not the best all round hosted ASIC mining contracts I've found. It's a hybrid contract that mines both BTC and LTC. It pays out regularly and has ASIC's coming early in batch  and BFL approx  mid year depending on their progress. 
Buy the BONDS in LTC you can exchange BTC for LTC at 
 Currently they are mining LTC only but when the AVALON arrives in a month or so about... LOOK OUT! Big dividends!!!
@_date: 2013-11-30 01:07:24
With a prototype in production and a level of professionalism not often seen ... Do we care??? No. photoshop is king! It's the designers 'Artist's Impression'. This company are building this ATM now and the integrated POS systems and secure cold wallet hardware device NOW!!... Don't be the one to buy in and adopt early... We see how thats worked out for everyone who said BTC wouldn't break $100USD a few months ago...
@_date: 2013-03-03 06:58:31
You've only got Butterfly Labs to choose from ATM... ASICminer don't sell to public, bASIC went bust and are refunding, and DeepBit looks to have gone a similar way with NO updates in weeks. Leaving just the 2  companies AVALON and BFL.
 Avalon are batching their orders and whenever a batch goes live... errrrrnt!!!!! ... ERROR!!... OVERLOAD!!! and the order ends up being really unfair, drawn out and really confusing. (3rd party pay merchants??? WTF its BTC you idiots... Peer to Peer, NO MESS -NO FUSS!)
BFL will probably deliver in a week or so and if their machines work (it may not go so well though chips are fickle and so are devices you've only simulated)... then AVALONs will get cheaper as the BFL is 10 times more power efficient and they probably did their homework on the rest of the design and have housing and cooling down pat, unlike the massive power hungry suitcase Avalon have made... 
Then again if these chips aren't up to scratch ( and the heat dissipation needed and structural limitations of materials worries me... a lot) it'll just be AVALON making made to order lots. 
Remember bASIC had a similar lead up to their massive failure. "oh It's all good it's all good look we're making it bigger (and hotter and now there's no room for a power supply???!)... it's all good ...ohhh nah ITS FUCKED! So I'm going to lay down get drunk and sleep now... the million in BTC I have in my wallet... too hard basket, if I cant design an ASIC then I can't refund a million USD of BTC. I suck and blow." -Cablepair.