@_author: louisthecat
@_date: 2014-01-06 15:34:23
Thanks for the chat :) +฿0.00098449
@_date: 2014-01-06 13:25:58
I see that you have resolved this, good to hear, but I'd just like to let you know about some experiences I've had with Coinjar.io.
Multiple times I have tried to send bitcoins to another wallet and I continue to get a message saying "Insufficient Funds", even though I have sufficient bitcoins. 
I think that they don't have enough bitcoin on hand to handle the volume. I hope they aren't trading, lending or selling their clients bitcoins... This particular "global daily limit" is worrying 
This Quote from your comment concerns me: 
" CoinJar is a shared wallet system, so you don't own the Bitcoin addresses you generated. As we have to store more of our customer funds in cold storage, the block chain balance of your address is not accurate.
Also, CoinJar-to-CoinJar transactions are off-chain, so some transactions may not be recorded in the block chain at all. However, you shouldn't worry anything about it because you will have the full spending power of your CoinJar wallet balance. "
Only because I had a friend create a coinjar account, and they were presented with a public key. I transferred some coins to that wallet and it never showed up on the blockchain either. Sure they were in their coinjar account, but isn't that the same as a bank moving numbers from one account to another? Hardly transparent. 
Anyway, just my 2 Satoshis. Using them to cash out in AUD is fine, but I wouldn't be leaving large amounts of bitcoin on coinjar.  
@_date: 2014-01-06 15:02:19
I hear you loud and clear! I'd be interested to know which wallet these bitcoins came from:
"Sorry about the issue. I believe that our server had some errors when you sent the 0.279 BTC. I have sent a payment back to your CoinJar wallet to make up for this error. We've never had any similar reports about this so it shouldn't be a systematic problem."
As far as I am concerned, if everything was committed to the blockchain this would not be a problem.
Why would you provide a wallet id (public key) if you weren't going to commit transfers from a coinjar wallet to a coinjar wallet to the blockchain?? 
The idea behind bitcoin is A TRANSPARENT LEDGER. These practices defeat the idea of a free market economy.
I understand why exchanges do this, but coinjar is hardly an exchange. 
I am not on a witch-hunt at all. I only want some honest businesses in Oz promoting Bitcoin. Not some shady dealings with limits and nonsense. 
I won't be dealing with Coinjar from now on. There is absolutely no reason in my eyes why they should not be committing transactions to the blockchain. They are not an exchange. They are an intermediary at best. 
Thanks for the reply. 
@_date: 2015-07-20 12:51:42
Why? As far as the storyline goes there has been no reason to introduce or reference BTC. Why would you even try to force it in? I have BTC and I love Mr Robot. I don't see where or why you would need to reference BTC anywhere at the moment. How would it make it more "realistic"? In what aspect? This is a shitpost. It's people like you that try to shoehorn BTC into everything that give it a bad name. 