@_author: loumeer
@_date: 2016-04-10 05:56:56
To be honest with you I think stuff like this is what makes people reluctant to using bitcoin. I consider myself a bitcoin noob so I bought some via coinbase because I don't trust myself to use programs on my pc to create a wallet. Now the internet is telling me coinbase is terrible and they can't be trusted. 
The idea that bitcoin isn't guaranteed by anybody and once it's lost is gone is fucking scary to me. 
I feel like it's having cash with 10000x the risk since it's all online and your potential liability is so much greater online. 
@_date: 2017-01-22 08:06:26
Wouldn't just buying a million worth of bitcoin give you a higher return on your investment? 
@_date: 2017-11-17 20:32:57
It's really a BS statement.  If you think giving your life partner 50% is bad during a divorce just wait and see what the courts do to you after they find out you hid millions after the divorce.
Unless his Ex-wife is far far away with absolutely no contact she might get a little curious why he is driving a new porche a year after their divorce.  Considering they have a child together chances are she will find out eventually.
@_date: 2015-07-14 18:08:59
Lots of bitcoin circlejerk here.  I love bitcoin same as the next guy but each and every company can assess payment options and decide which ones they want and which ones they do not want on their platforms.
Ebay is recently doing everything they can to improve the customer experience of using ebay and the number one thing that needs to happen is control payments so customers don't get taken for their money and never come back and buy on ebay.
So what you did is try and circumvent ebay's policies by trying to accept payment outside of their approved payment options and then come to the forums and bitch about it? 
1) Ebay is providing you with their userbase which is huge and if you didn't have ebay you more than likely would not have been able to sell the product.  By trying to accept an outside payment you circumvent paying ebay their cut which they deserve by giving you exposure to their clientele. 
2) Ebay is very clear about what payments they do and do not allow.  It doesn't matter if it is a local pickup or international shipping the same rules apply (you can choose not to accept some forms of approved ebay payments though).
As a big online seller that makes a decent portion of his income from ebay and amazon sales I would have to side with ebay on this one because what you did was wrong and ebay was very clear and upfront about their policies.  On another note I strongly believe that you knew what you were doing and decided to come here and complain after you got called out on it.
I will have to add that I cannot wait until openbazaar to see if there is a possibility for me to expand my business into another online marketplace and be able to support bitcoin at the same time. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 22:57:19
As the owner of a brick and mortar business I am not sure if I am upset because I feel like this statement is wrong or if I am just in denial. 
@_date: 2017-10-27 00:12:27
We accept bitcoin but I have not had anybody use it.  We were advertising it for a long time.  Most of our clients are older and I think that having bitcoin in the stores is a long way off for a lot of brick and mortars.  Hell, even here I see a lot of people holding onto them and not wanting to spend them.
@_date: 2013-12-28 23:27:38
At no point in my life has anybody told me, "If you are interested in learning about currency and how it works, pick up a game of monopoly." Your analogy is riddled with more holes than a cheese cloth and does not apply here what so ever. 
@_date: 2013-12-28 20:41:46
Really? You would take them to a coin with a dog's face on it that started as a joke? I'm sure they will take bitcoin seriously after that........ 
@_date: 2013-12-28 23:32:40
I suppose we will just have to disagree on this point. I believe that alt coins like dodgecoins have done far more harm than good for the bitcoin community. 
While it may add more attention to cryptocurrency as a whole, I see and hear a lot more comments along the lines of, "it's a coin based on an online meme? So it's kind of a joke?" 
I don't think dodgecoins have added people who support cryptocurrency. In fact I believe it has the opposite effect. 
@_date: 2013-12-29 02:26:34
You need to reread my post. Dodgecoin is not some sort of real currency with a funny logo. It's a joke, it's inception is a joke and there is no real meaning behind it. Bitcoin while a similar system, has a real goal and mission. As somebody who would like to see bitcoin see its full potential reached I greatly dislike alt coins that take its foundation and make a joke and mockery with it. 
If Dodgecoin were something else I am sure I would have a different opinion about it. As it stands I would never want to introduce somebody to Dodgecoin least they think everything related to cryptocurrency is a joke. 
@_date: 2013-12-29 02:52:30
Yes I am glad you can twist my words into sounding like a religious zealot. 
I agree with your first point. It would be nice if there were something people can try out that isn't a real currency. 
I remember in high school our class did a day trading exercise with fake stocks on a fake exchange that is based off the real exchange. 
If there were a cryptocurrency like this, totally fake, strictly for educational purposes but still serious I would be totally behind it. Dodgecoin is not this, it is an inside joke and should only be treated as such. 