@_author: louong
@_date: 2013-05-09 07:53:16
Well it depends on what you want to do with the cash - seems like you want to make sure it's legit right?
Usually I like to have the cash in my bank accounts ASAP, with the least amount of time having "live" cash out in the open/traveling with it. So I like meeting at my bank.
If you bank at the same bank as the buyer, then that would be ideal. It would just come out of his account and into yours.
@_date: 2013-05-09 07:40:17
OK, so a concern, but no possible solutions? What would you say then? "I'm selling bitcoins!"? And then try to explain to them what that is? Until the banking environment is a little bit friendlier towards bitcoin, this may land you in bigger trouble.
Really it's none of their business what you use your funds for if it's not for anything illegal.
I was not advocating outright lying. Perhaps I should elaborate. Sometimes they don't ask, and you should only volunteer information if they ask. Usually they shouldn't on a $10K deposit anyway. If they do, you could say you are just completing a sale, which is true. Or say your friend owed you money or is repaying a debt. Which is true - he owes you money for bitcoins you're going to send him. Or you could say you're taking a deposit from him for a potential car/property purchase. Technically your car and house could be for sale at anytime - just at a certain price.
Refusing to answer will be suspicious. And any slow answer will be suspicious. Both you and the buyer should know the reason before you transact at the bank. Even answering that you're doing a large purchase will lead into the question exactly what, and it's suspicious not to have a quick answer. I find in my experience if I answer with a technically true answer quickly, and it's something that they can relate to, vs. saying "I'm selling bitcoins!", that should end the line of questioning. If they persist further then remember you don't really have to answer a casual conversation. Easy to ignore any more questions to check your phone/email/text messages or start up a conversation with your buyer about something random like sports. Or answer their question with a specific customer-service question that they have to answer as part of their job, such as what are their hours, etc.
The bank != law enforcement, so if you end up having the bank call law enforcement and have them show up while you are in the bank, which is highly unlikely, then there are bigger issues at hand than you not being 100% detailed on what the money is for.
Another recommendation is to dress up a bit and not be in super-casual clothes like sandals, shorts or a T-shirt. Sometimes clothing and grooming can make a difference.
@_date: 2013-06-10 07:02:53
Big fan of LibertyBit - had the opportunity to meet the founder Paul as I'm lucky enough to live in the same city. Brilliant guy and his heart is in the right place.
Hoping they'll be up and running again soon - they provide a nice alternative to Virtex and the more exchanges, the better for everyone.
@_date: 2013-06-22 01:03:50
If you think holding ASICMINER shares would be better than just holding bitcoin itself, then go for it. If you don't use the BTC/USD rate as a measuring stick for your bitcoin investment, then you have to ask yourself that would you rather be earning interest/dividends on your bitcoin, or not at all?
Disclosure: I hold ASICMINER shares.
@_date: 2013-05-10 07:47:24
It's definitely a valid concern. And I understand if you haven't dealt with this situation before. I just have a pet peeve that was triggered when anybody finds fault with something but there don't seem to be constructive solutions.
I also didn't know about the $5K figure in the US so thanks for providing the info. I'm in Canada and here the figure is $10K so that's why I used that figure.
@_date: 2013-05-08 15:21:25
I have done cash deals of $10K each for bitcoins. As long as you don't take out more than $10K from a bank in 24 hours you shouldn't have any issues. So if you are doing a deal for 500 to 1000 BTC, recommend starting with a smaller amount with someone you have never dealt with before working up.
As the seller you actually have an advantage over the buyer, as generally you can ask for payment first before you send the bitcoins.
First deal I do with someone I haven't met is to meet them in a bank of my choosing where I have an account. Tell the bank you are just getting payment for a car sale or collecting a security deposit on a property purchase. The bank can verify that the cash you're being paid is real, and you can deposit the cash right then and there into your account so you don't have to travel with it.
Another option is to meet at the bank where the purchaser has an account. They can do the withdraw then and there, and that way you know there are no problems with the cash. I recommend going to a location where you have an account or where it is close to a bank where you have an account to easily and quickly do a deposit. Definitely bring a car that you can quickly hop into with your cash and leave
If a bank is not an option, then I would recommend somewhere in public, and definitely bring a car. This method requires that you be good as noticing fake cash. If you want to inspect the cash to check if it's real then you need one of the pens that can do it - I believe it's $10 or so on Amazon. For bigger transactions this will be an issue as there are a lot of bills to go through, which is why I would recommend going to a bank of your choosing.
With some banks you can use them as an escrow, so the buyer can temporarily have them hold the cash while you do the send, and they can wait for the 1-6 confirmations and tell the bank to release the cash to you. But usually as the seller I would get the cash in hand first with a smaller amount to create trust, and then work from there. There is the possibility you can do the send and the buyer doesn't release the cash.
Another recommendation is to bring a second TRUSTED person if possible.
@_date: 2013-07-22 04:53:47
The $90/BTC does not include commissions and fees that exchanges charge. There is also value added for being able to get bitcoins right away compared to an exchange, where you generally have to wire money in. Plus the added risk for a seller (while low) of chargebacks or disputes with Dwolla. So the market is determining that $110/BTC is a fair price for this transaction method.
@_date: 2013-07-26 00:26:04
You can buy bitcoins with cash by doing cash deposits at a bank. They won't ask who you are, your ID, and your bank info. Check out Localbitcoins.com
@_date: 2013-07-08 00:24:59
That's strange. It should show up almost immediately as an incoming BTC deposit and you should be able to see the confirmations as well.
They had an earlier problem where BTC deposits and withdrawals weren't working, but that should be fixed now.
@_date: 2013-06-22 20:45:43
What happens when someone decides to put child abuse and other terrible things on the internet?
How does this impact the legality of having the ability to access the internet on your computer? Would it be possible to remove the CP from the internet?
Basically if you want to go looking for anything, on the internet, in the blockchain, you will find it. That's *your* intention, not mine.
Or, if OP is really concerned then use a wallet where you don't have to download the blockchain. Of course, there can be issues with that.
@_date: 2013-07-19 22:10:03
The return is actually more if the dividends were continually reinvested into buying more shares.
@_date: 2013-05-20 05:01:44
Had vaguely heard about them somewhere last year but never researched or googled the term. So much stuff out there.
How I got into bitcoin was through online poker. I was searching on the poker forums (2+2, etc.) earlier this year (around January) for some sites with free starter bonuses and found a thread with a site called "Seals With Clubs". Thought that was a funny name and checked the thread out. Was intrigued that they only gambled with something called bitcoin.
I PMed someone and got spotted 500 chips (worth 0.5 BTC) to start with. That was worth about $7-10 back then. Worked it up to about 4000 chips (4 BTC) and then stopped playing for awhile. Price was still low at that point.
Started hearing about bitcoin in the news around March, and then saw that the bitcoin priced had gone up to $150+, then $200+! My free starter bonus was now worth $800 - $1000!
After that, very much more interested, checked out bitcointalk and r/bitcoin...