@_author: lovemagnet
@_date: 2015-05-10 12:07:13
No. It is free to withdraw money, and it is still free to use your debit card in the stores.
@_date: 2015-01-14 20:40:06
If you play a draw lottery where the number of tickets sold is lowered, then the average time between your wins will go down. If the prize for winning is unchanged, then your expected value of playing goes up.
@_date: 2015-01-15 09:18:29
I think that explanation is a cop-out. You make it sound like the world community of developers and entrepreneurs can only focus on one thing at a time, which is obviously not true.
If there is a business case for improving the user experience and providing secondary services, then someone is likely to jump at it. It does however require that someone with the means to carry it to fruition understands the idea and sees the potential. That means that we should talk about it and investigate the possibilities and figure out how to address the problems.
What I see is a need for a trustworthy institution, call it a bitcoin bank or whatever, that apart from just buying and selling bitcoins and maybe holds your wallet for you, provides a range of convenience services, like helping with bookkeeping and tax payments and provides some insurance against fraud, all at a fee of course.
Sure, such a service goes against the anarchistic nature of bitcoin, as it allows users to see the identity of the people they do business with, and the company will hold personal information that can potentially be misused or subpoenaed by governments, but people are not *forced* to use those services, and I'm sure that many people will value the utility of them over the potential problems I mentioned, especially if they aim to only do legitimate business and they want to comply with whatever government regulation that may apply where they live.
Just because you think it will take a lot of work to create such a service, doesn't mean that we shouldn't have a serious discussion about it.
@_date: 2015-01-14 19:33:46


If the time between blocks goes up, the difficulty of the hash algorithm will be lowered to maintain the ten minute interval. Fewer miners means fewer competitors for those who are left, meaning a higher probability of mining a block.
@_date: 2015-01-14 20:34:26
What is bitcoin today? For most owners it is an investment object, nothing more. You buy some coins, hoping the price will go up, and if it does you sell or wait to see if it goes up even further. The value is volatile because it has very little use besides as an investment object or as a currency for making shady transactions. There are too many arguments for selling and not enough for buying.
Only few people buy bitcoins because it is a useful currency for trading for goods and services. If you want to buy a laptop or a bike or groceries, then it is just so much more convenient to just spend your money directly.
There is a long list of obstacles for a person who wants to buy goods and services using bitcoins:
First you have to know a little bit about what it is all about and you have to know about what software to use and so on.
Second you have to get some coins. You have to find a broker that is trustworthy and secure and legal. With all the stories in the media, you couldn't fault a person to be in doubt if trading bitcoins is actually legal, and with the stories about hackers stealing millions worth of coins, trust is definitely an issue.
Then you have to find someone who has something you want for sale and is willing to accept bitcoins. There aren't all that many vendors, and even fewer sells stuff that you can *only* buy with bitcoin, so here the utility of the currency is highly dubious at best.
Then you need to make the transaction. It is said that bitcoin is a system that doesn't require trust, but it *does* require trust in the person you are dealing with, because there is no way of getting your money back if a mistake is made or if you get cheated. Having to trust a bank may be problematic in it's own way, but if you lose your PIN code or you become the victim of fraud or some other crime, then you can go talk to the bank, and probably the mess can be resolved. If you lose your password to your wallet or get hacked, then there is no banker and insurance company to save you. If your entire savings were tied up in a system like that, then you should experience a good deal of anxiety.
Further more the software isn't all that practical. All that business with QR codes and stuff is slow and awkward compared to using a credit card or cash. Also the system doesn't annotate your transactions, so you don't automatically get a bank statement where you can see where you have spent your money. All you get is a list of cryptic addresses and the amounts paid.
And lastly if you want to sell your coins, then the process of having your ID checked and getting your money is slow and tedious.
All in all, the process you have gone through in order to spend money has many down sides and no upsides.
If we want bitcoin to succeed, and I assume that most people here do, then it is paramount that ordinary people get accustomed to owning and spending bitcoins, and make them feel that it is convenient, safe and legal.
My suggestion is to make a bitcoin bank, that maintains your wallet securely for you and offers a system that allows vendors to annotate each transaction with a descriptive text, so that people have a good overview of where they spent their money and on what. I'm sure a lot of people would be willing to pay a small transaction fee for that service. I sure would. And most crucially there should be a profit sharing system that distributes a little bit of coins to all the customers, so that all you have to do to get a little bit of bitcoins is to sign up and have your ID verified, and from then on bitcoins will appear at your account for free on a regular basis. It doesn't have to be all that much, just enough that people can leave a little tip at websites that they like or buy some candy or whatever. The important thing is that you remove the threshold for getting into bitcoin, and accustom people to casually spend coins.
@_date: 2015-01-14 21:15:56
I mean the type of lottery where the winner is drawn from the pool of sold tickets.
@_date: 2015-03-07 12:51:25
I'm not sure if I understand what you mean. Would you please elaborate?
@_date: 2015-03-07 12:41:32
Anyone younger than 35 ARE the children that we expected to not be computer illiterate, because they have all grown up with the technology in their homes, and even in their pockets wherever they go, but still we see some young kids being clueless about what a browser is.
As a matter of fact I think kids born today will have LESS reason to learn about how computers work, because the out of box experience gets ever more flawless. When the home computer was first introduced, you were pretty much forced to learn how to program it, because otherwise there was only very little you could do with it. Today computers come preloaded with tons of software, and through the internet you have access to an endless ocean of entertainment and useful apps. All you need to know is how to open the app store.
Sure, kids will be very good at USING computers, but there is very little need to actually understand how they work in order to do that.
@_date: 2015-03-07 14:05:56
I always thought it strange that for all the sweet math skills Satoshi Nakamoto had, he/they/whoever didn't realize that if this thing took off, 21 million divided by the number of people who might want to own bitcoin would make for some really awkward small numbers, when dealing with the prices of everyday groceries for example. Why not multiply the numbers by thousand or ten thousand?
I think the psychological effect of dealing with easy numbers has a lot of impact on people's behavior.