@_author: loveisdead
@_date: 2018-02-28 00:18:32
You will be Googling and reading ebooks for your entire career. Sure, you can do it without a degree, but 4 years of learning sort of pales in comparison to a 40\+ year career constantly learning. Information gained from Google is no easier to master than information taught to you through classes. Technology will continue to move fast and if you get complacent you fall behind and will be replaced by a 20\-something who still has the energy. The original quote is the rosy future a salesman might try to sell you, and while not 100&amp; false, its not the full reality.
@_date: 2018-03-18 14:59:47
I wouldn't say there's 'nothing.' What follows is my opinion:
First, the bubble did burst and I'm sure plenty of people lost money. Everyone I knew who was interested in crypto was interested because they wanted to make ridiculous returns in a short period of time for their investment. Now that things have changed from "you'll make money hand over fist" to "well you might lose money, or you might gain some money" people are less interested. They could return if another bubble occurs, but generally, they'll be more careful. The reality is that people were buying crypto because it was a way to make money on an investment, like a stock, not because they thought they were going to be able to purchase their morning coffee with it.
Second, crypto got a lot of bad press that explained some of the very real dangers of putting money into crypto as an investment. 
Two examples that stick out in my mind:
Last week tonight - 
New York Times - 
Bottom line is that people now know its volatile and what some of the more sophisticated actors are capable of doing.
Third, a lot of the services that helped people enter the market have been caught doing some nasty stuff.
All of this adds up to a risk/reward issue for potential investors. People, in general, are more aware of the risks, which makes the likelihood of another bubble lower. 
The potential of the technology as a currency is great, but the global phenomenon was a get-rich-quick hysteria, and now that people have gotten burned, they're less likely to try it again for a while.
As a currency, Bitcoin doesn't need to have a value of $20k. What it really needs is to stabilize so that it can actually be used as a currency where the risk of holding that currency is low. Given the plethora of ways the value can be manipulated by people with enough coins or P&amp;D groups, I'm not sure how that stability is going to be achieved.
I'm just hoping I can buy a graphics card in the next 6 months for a reasonable price where the MSRP for a 2 year old card is lower than its debut MSRP.
@_date: 2018-02-05 23:42:17
I'm just excited for all the GFX cards that will flood the market as people prospecting on the price of coins bail. I wasn't ready to build a new computer before things spiked.
@_date: 2018-02-28 03:46:38
There's a difference between using a ML algorithm a group developed and released in order to derive some result from a set of data and developing the ML algorithm itself. The former can be done by most people proficient in statistics and general math, the latter requires a PhD, or similar level of proficiency.
@_date: 2018-02-06 00:09:12
I'll make sure to use that argument to barter a lower price!
@_date: 2018-02-27 19:57:25
As a developer who didn't get a degree in CS and is trying to work on projects on the side, this is a hilariously simplistic view of CS. Barriers for entry are tall and wide, just check out r/cscareerquestions for people freaking out about trying to get a job on the daily. Its not too hard if you're shrewed and smart about it, but its by no means &amp;quot;easy.&amp;quot; and the barriers for entry are certainly not low. The salaries you can achieve are reasonably high, and by comparison to, like, being a lawyer or a doctor the barrier is low, but "any other professional field" is completely false.