@_author: lowerbrow
@_date: 2014-01-22 17:06:49
"Sending everybody a check wouldn't accomplish anything like that."
Why not? Poor people would spend the money. Keeping the capital moving as you said was the goal, this would make sales rise and thus making companies wanting to hire more people which would make less people unemployed and thus drive the economy up.
@_date: 2014-01-22 09:11:32
Bitcoin is money that is more shiny than fiat.
When people understand this, there will be no need to convert back and forth into fiat. Problem solved.
@_date: 2014-01-15 08:26:53
I´m glad your dad is neither smarter nor more educated than Satoshi.
Satoshi knew paymentsystem, banking, monetary theory, game theory, cryptography, coding etc.
The last bitcoin will be mined in over 100 years. So not going to be be a problem in your lifetime...
However. The really big difference is not only lower transaction fees.
One reason they will probably continue to be much lower is that there is competition within the network to mine them for the lowest possible cost.
There is also no chargebacks and no fraud that you have to pay for with higher fees. 
Chargebacks cost you money because it takes administration to take care of it and the seller need to compensate for losses of chargeback by higher prices. 
    A chargeback fee with costs that can exceed $75.00 per dispute.
    Loss of product costs.
    Loss of shipping costs in case of an online retailer.
These are just the financial losses to be felt by a merchant for a dispute that is not won. But what about the costs that are not so easy to calculate?
    Potential to lose your merchant account or ability to accept a certain type of credit card.
    Reputation with consumers.
Friendly fraud.
What is Friendly Fraud? A term used to describe when a consumer disputes an online charge but doesn't return the item or has already used the product.
"Friendly fraud accounts for more than one-third of the total fraud for online-accepting merchants. This equates to an average of 0.4% of total annual revenue lost to friendly fraud. Merchants are paying $100 billion in fraud losses due to unauthorized transactions and fees/interest associated with chargebacks, nearly ten times the cost incurred by banks. Far surpassing bank costs of approximately $11 billion in 2008, merchant fraud losses also amounted to more than 20 times the total value of consumer losses (approximately $4.8 billion). Factoring in the additional cost of lost/stolen merchandise, U.S. retail merchants are suffering a total industry-wide fraud loss of $191 billion." - The 2009 LexisNexis True Cost of Fraud Study
There is zero chargebacks and thus no friendly fraud with bitcoin.
Search is your friend.
But bitcoin is not only a payment system. The big deal is that bitcoin is a currency that do not follow all other currencies down in value and gives people monetary freedom which is huge. Since using the power to print money and forcing people to use said money, is used to oppress people all over the world, finance huge armies instead of financing the armies with taxes and create wars.
Do you know anything about the banking system and what effects it have on you and your friends?
A flaw in the monetary system. (Its short and a must see.)
Money as debt:
Money as debt 2.
@_date: 2014-01-23 12:07:16
How will bitcoin users pay tax on the increase in value of their when buying a small item? Should they calculate that, three days ago when I got the currency it was worth x now its worth y, so I have to pay a tax thats z. And what if it goes down in value. This is just a pure example of corruption. Swedish tax authority has been regulatory captured by the private banks who do not want any competition.  Its a 19 century law. Based on an 19 century definition of currency. When that definition was made we humanity did not have the internet.
  
@_date: 2014-01-20 13:28:45
Perhaps most people are volentarily accepting things the way they are, and volentarily paing their taxes, they are not actively working to change things and hide their money from taxes. Some are but not most.
@_date: 2014-01-23 08:20:58
Friendly move? How will they be able to do micropayments, such as buying Humble Bundle? How will they be able to buy pizza? If the value of the coins have increased since they acquired them? It makes it impossible to use bitcoin as money legally. If bitcoin becomes the internet world currency Sweden will be a poor country and US will rule the world.
@_date: 2014-01-22 18:14:59
And how will they enforce this? If someone buys a pizza with bitcoins? It will simply not be possible. Dumb people will be dumb.
@_date: 2014-01-22 18:02:57
You get the same you put in.
If you put in $100 you get $100 worth of coins regardless of when. Yes many early adoptors got more coins but they used to be way less valuable because there were hardly any place to spend them at and hardly anyone wanted them for this reason and really noone could predict if bitcoin would really take of or not.
Its true now and will probably be true in a couple of years.
Its not possible to with 100% accuracy predict the price of bitcoins. 
At early times there was still million of coins left that would be produced in the next 40 years. Thats a huge amount of coins that was left to be produced. Those that bought in early could easily had seen their coins become next to worthless because of this.
Millions of people did not want or buy into bitcoins because of that, they thought it would just lose its value. Those who kept their coins did this in spite of what millions of people thought. 
If those coins go up in value thats because more people understand and use the system bringing the value up even for themselves.
We could also turn this around.
The one who sold you those do not make a profit because you tricked him into selling his better coins for you money that in the long term can never gain in value...
There is and have always been the true fact that bitcoin might lose in value to a competitor that people will think is more "fair".
Bitcoin is what it is, you don´t need to use it you do not need to buy into it if you think its unfair.
@_date: 2014-01-06 20:38:43
1.) Its not a big problem, neither is deflation.
2.) Analogy.
3.) Nothing in this answer has anything to do with inflation of currency. You do not work less because of inflation of currency, if you work less, its because of better production methods just like in the US during the deflationary periods. Yes wages increase but you are still not able to simply save your money you earn today without putting them into something else, like Bitcoin.
4) Store of value, "remembering work" is just one of the most important aspects of a currency. Lets test this theory by taking it to the extreme. If I give you a currency which forget everything you do after one hour would you want that currency? No, because its important to you that the work you do is not forgotten too quick.
Yes, there are other ways to earn more money, but they have nothing to do with whether or not the money full fill its role as a store of value.
5.) The point of a currency is to, store value, remember work and facilitate trade.
Inflation do not help in any of those aspects.
6.) No one in their sane mind expect Bitcoin to have a increase in value with 10000% once it reaches a stable plateau. Which will probably take 10-30 years. The increase in value is in early days just like in the oil or goldrush days and stability of Bitcoin can not be expected in the next 5-10 years. This is fine since it would be impossible for something like Bitcoin to be stable just from day one.
A huge rise in average value can last for many years, just like it has for Google, but not forever. So arguing Bitcoin is bad because it goes up in value is like saying in 1994 internet is not useful because there is nothing on it. That's what people said in the early days of internet. 
@_date: 2014-01-14 08:05:51
Donate to a good cause to a big worldwide well known help organization if they accept bitcoin. Something like
Amnesty, Redcross, Médecins Sans Frontières etc.
Bitcoin lacks well known charities.
One bitcoin a month for 20 months.
@_date: 2014-01-22 21:02:12
Its not to volatile as long as people are ok with the volatility. Its simply not up to you to decide what is to volatile for other people.
So if you get a bitcoin at the morning of the day and during the evening it have increase 5% in value when you are going to buy a drink, you should now pay capital gains tax on those 5%. ROFL.
@_date: 2014-01-23 08:41:10


What is intrinsic value? Its value because its useful in the real world. Bitcoin has value because its useful in the real world. Either something has value or it don´t. There is no such thing as a different kind of value. Intrinsic is a made up word. If you are alone on a island, gold has zero value to you, because it has no intrinsic value. You can not even calculate "intrinsic value"..."Different investors use different techniques to calculate intrinsic value" thus the word is meaningless.
And if there is something like intrinsic value than bitcoin have it. "The intrinsic value includes other variables such as brand name". Bitcoin have brand name as opposed to 100 other altcrypto currencies.


The government backed currencies are not manipulated to make them stable.
They are forced to follow the big countries like US, EU and China so that their export is not hurt. 
There is nothing stable at all of any of those big currencies. Its just an illusion.
Right now $400 billion of those is printed each month. Next year how much will be printed? Can you please answer me that? No? How is that stable? Not knowing how much of a currency will be printed?
Bitcoin is more stable than any other currency on this earth. 
The price of Bitcoin in fiat is not stable but that is not bitcoins fault. That because its new and needs more market liquidity.
@_date: 2014-01-22 17:14:40
So if people can escape poverty because bitcoin saves them from high inflation, and gives them the choice to bring their money into a new country when they flee an country in war, and people can escape oppressive governments, because they can bring their money, that is not worth anything to you? 
Ofcourse its not worth anything if you are the oppressor.
@_date: 2014-01-03 11:43:58
One important function of money is as a memory of the work you have done. So that you can save the work you do today for when you grow old or become sick.
With inflation it becomes very difficult. Its as if the money forgets the work you did.
2% inflation is like if you were paid in gold but your goldbar rusted away 2% every year.
Because of limited supply Bitcoin is designed to not forget the work you do or not rust just like gold.
Ask him if he helps you change the tires of your car and 10 years later ask you for help. 
But you tell him, it has passed 10 years so you will only change 85% of his tires. 
If he wants your help he will have to work some more for you.
With only 2% inflation, in just 10 years 16-17% of the work you did 10 years ago is "forgotten".
With just 3% inflation 26% of the work you did 10 years ago is forgotten and you need to work 26% extra to gain back what you lost in value.
This means he and you will have to work more.
A flaw in the monetary system.
Other points:
There will probably also be competing cryptocurrencies that create inflation.
"Deflation or inflation as long as it's slow enough, isn't really an 
issue. If rate is even moderately predictable, most markets can 
discount it."
The deflation problem with the 30´s was that the money supply 
contracted. As much as 36% of all the money disappeared in very short time. Ofcourse if 36% of peoples money disappears 
in a short time it will cause a depression.
This will not happen with Bitcoin.
This was caused by fractional reserve banking. Fractional reserve banking lets banks create new money when they create 
a new loan. Today 97% of our money is created as loans and should be repaid back to banks. 
When more people take a loan, new money is created and this makes stocks go up in value. 
In the roaring 20´s lots of new money was created and people put this new money into the stock market. 
After a while most people and companies or the country are not able to borrow more money and instead start to pay back their 
loans to the bank.
When more people do this than the new amount of loans that are created, the money supply is contracted. 
Which is known as elastic money supply. This can cause a tipping point that sets of a depression.
When money is removed from the economy because loans are repaid, it makes money supply scarce, so those still holding 
money keeps it instead of spending it. 
Bitcoin is not created as loans and should not be repaid back to a bank, thus it creates a stable system.
Banks have a hard time lending out Bitcoins they do not own thus it limits the amount of FRB that will be done and this will 
help avoid the problem in the 1930´s and 2007.
  
**Deflation and depression: is there an empirical link?**
**Are deflation and depression empirically linked? No, concludes a broad historical study of inflation and real output growth rates.**
Deflation and depression do seem to have been linked during the 1930s. 
But in the rest of the data for 17 countries and more than 100 years, there is **virtually no evidence of such a link.**
(Now think how this deflation was caused by a contracted 
money supply in which up to 36% of the money was removed 
from the economy.)
**Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis Research Department 
In Good Versus Bad Deflation: Lessons from the Gold Standard 
Era (NBER Working Paper No. 10329), authors Michael Bordo, 
John Landon Lane, and Angela Redish look back at deflationary periods of the late 19th century.
These economists find that, contrary to conventional wisdom, 
**deflation may well be more positive than negative.**
Bordo, Landon Lane, and Redish focus on the price level and growth experience of the United States, Britain, and Germany 
during the late 1800s. This period, not unlike the present era, was notable for low inflation or even deflation, for rapid 
expansion resulting largely from technological innovation, and for a credible and internationally accepted gold standard. The 
researchers work from the premise that deflation might be good, bad, or even neutral. Good deflation, they maintain, occurs when 
aggregate supply of goods (say from technological advances, improved productivity, and the like) increases faster than 
aggregate demand, resulting in falling prices. Bad deflation in turn occurs when aggregate demand falls faster than any growth 
in aggregate supply. Negative money shocks, for example, that are non-neutral over a significant period - such as occurred later 
during the Great Depression -- would generate "bad" deflation. Indeed, the authors say, such might be the case in Japan today.
A neutral impact o f deflation, meanwhile, might occur where monetary neutrality holds despite negative money shocks.
The researchers identify separate "supply shocks," "money supply shocks," and "non-monetary demand shocks" on output 
and prices. Their analysis is grounded in a model of money supply under the international gold standard. 
Their results indicate that deflation in the three leading industrial nations in the late 19th century reflected both positive aggregate supply shocks and negative money supply shocks.
Yet the latter had only a minor effect on output.
**The evidence thus suggests that deflation in the 19th century was primarily good, or at the very least neutral. ...**
A good video on deflation. 
Other people debunking the deflation is bad argument.
Bitcoin deflation vs Fiat deflation: Not the same.
Can anticipated deflation be a good thing?
Why moderate deflation will not be a problem.
Response to Bitcoin = Deflation = Fail.
@_date: 2014-01-23 08:54:09
"Only" 220 customers needed for app.net to accept bitcoin as payment. 
@_date: 2014-03-11 11:31:55
SN was/is a very smart person there are very good reasons to cap it. 
1. It would also be very hard to get many people to adopt a new currency if there were no chance it would retain and increase in value.
2. If he did not cap the amount, a clone would arrive with a caped amount instead. According to gametheory the right choice would therefor be to cap it.
3. For people to have a currency protected by inflation.
What would you rather get paid in? A currency that remembers your work or a currency with inflation, that "forget" the work you have done. With 3% inflation. 25% of your work is forgotten after 10 years. So after 10 years you need to remake 25% of the work you did, again.
Imagine you paint you friends house. 4 walls. 10 years later you ask him to paint 4 of your walls, now he tells you that he will only do so if you paint yet one more wall for him. You thus need to paint 5 walls for him in order for him to help you paint your 4 walls 10 years later. Would you say thats a good friend? Now this is key to why lots of people in countries with even higher inflation continues to be poor. They constantly need to remake work they did because the currency they use do not let them save any of the value of the work they do. 
4. Dont worry about people not spending their coins, they do.
You might turn the argument. Why accept a currency that decrease in value for your goods? When you can accept a currency that keeps its value? And if you accept a currency that decrease in value, you will need to increase your prices, thus you will sell less instead and the economy will slow down. Because people will rather spend when prices are low than when prices are high.
@_date: 2014-01-08 11:21:10
The advert fails. It does not explain what Bitcoin is good for which only makes it look like a pyramid scheme.
@_date: 2014-01-15 08:30:23
Sure there is. Competing payment solutions stand to lose billions in fees to bitcoin if they can perform 51% attacks they will damage the reputation of bitcoin. 
Sure they could all start mining bitcoin but that would end their businesses.
@_date: 2013-11-13 11:15:38
Does he think Bitcoin cares?
@_date: 2013-11-13 11:13:22
Their are not going to "allow" that. Do you think every single person cares?
Do you think a dad who want to send money to his children on the other side of the world, so they can buy medication on the internet cares that some guy he does not know says that he should use the "banks" and pay a 8% fee everytime he sends his own hard earned cash and wait for days for it to arrive.
When he can just use download Bitcoin and send the money for free and they will have it in 10 minutes.
Do you think the man who wants to buy viagra over the internet cares, that he is not supposed to do that.
Do you think the criminal who send money cares.
Do you think, the guy who loses the spending power of his hard earned money living in Argentina/Venezuela/India/Afrika cares that people he don´t know says he should continue to use their closed system and makes them continue to lose hard earned money cares?
Do you think the young guy with poor parents who pays a pirate site to get access to games/movies cares? 
Do you think the poor and sick guy who can buy medication cheaper in bitcoin cares?
No, there are millions of people who don´t care and will never care. 
You can not tell people that they should not value their freedom and their money, sometimes money is time and time is money and time is the only thing we have a limited amount of. 
Just like you can not tell people to not value a certain music.
Just like there are millions of people that do not care and why should you when someone try to "hurt" your life by taking away wealth from you in high fees.
It will be a losing battle to fight bitcoin, the more they fight it, in the end, the more they will lose.
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:47:12
In combination with selloffs its quite obvious.
@_date: 2013-11-19 19:20:11
In a few years you will rather make Bitcoins by selling fiat when Bitcoin is low and fiat is high.
@_date: 2013-08-25 20:18:27
How about you buy them 6 or more months in advance, the coins are sent to an escrow adress which is released only when its to late to make a chargeback. Though that requires a lot of trust from the buyer that the seller will release them after x months.
But I can see lots of people doing this if it would allow them to use creditcard. Though the risc is that if price would go down, a lot many would start to try and do chargeback. 
So perhaps not.
The other version is that you preorder them, but have to wait 6 months to get them and after 6 months you get coins for the price they are at by that time.
I´m not sure 6 months are enough though.
@_date: 2013-11-25 12:54:30
How did they collect taxes for thousands of years, when people used even more anonymous system based only on cash?
@_date: 2013-12-01 12:28:58
Get gyft for amazon.com. Amazon.com have lots of useful things, jackets, books, movies, software etc.
@_date: 2013-11-10 01:21:25
@_date: 2013-04-26 07:37:26
A really secure online wallet would be great and is much needed. Notech people would probably even pay for it.
Blockchain.info which is really good will probably be shutdown since they let people gamble from within without asking for age etc.
Something like the "calculator" could be offered.
Maybe also use Bitcoins M of N signatures.
@_date: 2013-12-05 10:52:04
Yes they are, but this "news" will be propagated around the world in media, which might make prices temporarily go lower.
@_date: 2013-11-28 09:25:14
You do not need to sell it. Its profit if you spend it.
@_date: 2013-12-23 17:51:16
Bitcoin is NOT illegal in India. Until something is illegal. It IS legal.
RBI has no legal right to ban use of bitcoin: Na Vijayshankar
Its a Commodity in Norway. According to their tax department. 
In Sweden I think its not a commodity, its considered more of a giftcard. Which is actually sort of a currency.
You probably got Norway and Sweden mixed up.
@_date: 2013-12-17 10:01:26
Because a few factors. 
Less new Bitcoins will be created each day.
More people will have learnt and understand the true value of Bitcoin by that time and probably use it. 
Which will have a stabilizing impact on the value.
It will be known how governments treat Bitcoin by that time, which will have an impact on the stability of the value. It does not matter if they have banned it or not, people will use it anyway. 
@_date: 2013-12-16 21:34:58
Did governments exist when we had cash only? Yes. Would governments exist in a cryptocurrency only world? Yes. Will governmenst take taxes in bitcoin, no not in many many years. Just like there is the bitcoin foundation.
Banks however will sooner or later need to adopt, they can fight the future but they can not win holding on to yesterday.
@_date: 2013-10-31 17:35:27
How do I know how long the hardware will work?
What happens if the hardware dies?
Also about the price. Its feels to high. This is your market speaking it should be pretty obvious.
Unless you the sellers spends the coins, this device can only be sold to 11 million people.
Than there will be no Bitcoins left.
And thats not expensive. 1/11 million of the whole economy for this device is expensive in my humble opinion.
@_date: 2013-11-15 08:41:30
How would a country know what adresses belongs to a specific country with laws they do not like. 
There is no way to tell.
Today with VISA/Mastercard having a monopoly on transactions a country can freeze money from all over the world. 
For example, they froze people all over the world from donating to wikileaks by removing their payment option. Bitcoin adresses can not be frozen only listed by a certain country. 
This would make some people actually redlisted as "terrorists" able to send their coins to another country where they don´t judge them as terrorists. 
There they could get goods for their coins and get coins not redlisted. As people in those countries might even support the freedom fighters who are "terrorists" in the other country.
To much redlisting will drive money out of a country.
Other people might even consider moving to other free countries and since coins can not be frozen, taking their coins with them, making money flow out of the totalitarian country and making other countries richer.
Since Bitcoin can not be frozen (as far as I know, right now) People can still decide if they like to follow a redlist or not.
If a party takes power and start to redlist everyone from another party, those in that other party can simply chose to not care.
COUNTER REDLISTS.
There can even be counter redlists released by freedom fighting organizations who gets redlisted by their current government.
People can chose to not support some of the coins that are redlisted, if the "crimes" of those coins that are redlisted is a joke.
 
They could create their own list and only follow that as long as a government only see coins moving around it will be very hard for a bad government to force people to follow their redlist?
 
@_date: 2013-11-28 09:15:16
There will be 84 million litecoins, and "only" 21 million bitcoins, this means in theory that if both are used as much, a Litecoin can never be worth more than 1/4 of a Bitcoin.
Litecoin might be too similar to bitcoin, in reality its like a copy of bitcoin but with way less developers, merchant solutions, and merchants. 
So its a risky trade. In the longterm future there might be room for 1-4 cryptocurrencies but Litecoin will probably not be one of them. Bitcoin will be one of them. The others?
Mastercoin, because of its functions. 
Ripple? Not so sure.
Peercoin or something similar but better, because it takes less energy and we need as a race to use as little energy as possible unless we get very almost free energy in the future which might happen.
Zerocoin because its anonymous will probably become forbidden and used on black markets.
All of these separate themselves enough from Bitcoin to be able to have a real use. Which is something Litecoin does not.
It might also be that there is no need for any other cryptocurrency than Bitcoin since Bitcoin is starting to become so widely used Bitcoin have the network effect and first mover advantage and thus others might end up being the myspace.
@_date: 2013-10-30 08:35:33
One of the best talk about Bitcoin
Hidden features in the bitcoin
Interview with 
Richard Brown, executive architect Banking and Financial Markets.
IBM  
@_date: 2013-12-04 21:04:08
Bits are better than millibits, for the same reason. Its sounds like you simply own a small piece of something. However 10,000 bits sounds more than 10,000 mBits.
@_date: 2013-11-05 07:16:09
The animation is really good! Well done!
But the choice of music do not make the commercial justice. Its really wrong kind of music if you want to sell an idéa.
Should be much more warm and friendly/happy when Bitcoin info enters.
Right now the mood it creates is way to dark/sad/cold and does not make you feel welcome.  
@_date: 2013-11-21 10:56:32
If you can prove you have the Bitcoins. Maybe you are able to get a loan from someone based on those coins or selling them to someone who knows you. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 14:38:57
There are plenty of alt currencies who say they are better than Bitcoin have everyone just dropped their coins and run to those? No. 90% of the time its BS and if there is a better one it will take time before we really know.
The value of Bitcoin is not only about features. The features are really good, so even if someone improves a little it does not justify leaving Bitcoin. Its the law of diminishing returns.
The value of Bitcoin is also that it has proven to have a very strong core development team and that has proven itself during many years. 
Also 99.9% of business like coinbase, bitpay etc is also based around Bitcoin.
The easiest way to get an altcoin will be to buy with Bitcoins. Since bitcoins are the most adopted cryptocurrency.
If things change, it will take 2-5 years. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:13:03
Wait with buying in a few hours. 
This is so that some can buy in cheaper and weak hands who do not understand Bitcoin will sell to strong hands.
@_date: 2013-11-28 08:07:53
Thats BS. 
There are lots of independent programmers looking at the code. None would allow anyone to change that number from 21 million its all opensource and can not be done without anyone seeing it. And even if it did somehow magically passed all those coders than you have all miners and everyone with bitcoin qt who would need to update all at around the same time.
If one updates and the 21 million is changed it would not work with the rest of the network, so the change would be discovered and people would not update. 
@_date: 2013-11-11 09:40:29
Not even this would make Bitcoin go to Zero, yes lots of people would get scared and go away temporary. But many people would pay money to get the bug fixed, it would be fixed and the system restored, and the system would continue, this time even stronger than before and start growing back again. 
It will never go away and that means it will become huge, its just a matter of time.
@_date: 2013-11-22 01:36:11
Its called real world usefulness.
@_date: 2013-08-15 08:33:22
No you have not defeated the purpose. The purpose is not simply to not pay taxes. 
Some people dont want to avoid paying taxes.
Even Satoshi Nakamoto stated the purpose. 
Its to give everyone the power to issue a currency, not only private owned banks. Its to prevent economic collapses by making FRB hard.
Its to allow people to own their electronic money, not having to borrow it out to a bank, that can use it to speculate. You borrow your money to a bank when you have it in a bank account, you do not simply put it there.
Its to have a currency not owned by a single country or single region, with a known supply. 
Its to have a internet currency, that anyone can code apps and programs with etc.
Its a way to democratize currency for the world.
@_date: 2013-12-11 21:41:19
People need validated code. 
Bitcoin foundation were are you?
You can play a large role in this.
Not validated by some unknown guy on Reddit, but by some known people.
(Perhaps even Norton/Kaspersky etc validated code.)
Developers could pay a small fee, to the Bitcoin foundation to have their code validated or what if people could download validated code for a small fee from the bitcoin foundation or some other trustworthy business/organisation like Coinbase that can provide this. 
Right now its very difficult to trust all these different Android plugins, chrome plugins, paper wallets, for the average Joe.
Eventhough its "open source" what normal user will be able to check that the .exe file is the same as the open source or that the new version of the opensource code do not contain any malicious code.
Its hard for people to trust anything regarding Bitcoin, like apps, plugins etc with their coins or even without their coins. Sometimes just installing a bitcoin app. The apps are often from private unknown "companies".
This is a problem for Bitcoin and its also a great business opportunity.
@_date: 2013-12-17 00:20:53
You mean according to the theory you just said, value will go down, so people will start spending the currency and it will be a good currency and if value goes down fast people will spend lots of it making it a even better currency.
And when its a good currency, than it will have more value because its more useful according to you, so value will start to go up...
@_date: 2013-12-05 08:03:29
They still create money with every loan as long as they are FRB.
@_date: 2013-11-14 13:03:02
If the software fails it will be corrected. There is also the possibility to "simply" transfer all transactions into another bitcoin v2.0.
Lets face it Bitcoin is here to stay. 
Value might go down because people do not know and "trust" the system enough yet if something happens, but it will recover once people see that the system is fixed.
@_date: 2013-12-03 20:34:53
How fast do you think Western Union was built into what it is today?
@_date: 2013-12-25 00:09:24
Its an interesting argument but take a look at this and tell me they are wrong.
 
@_date: 2013-05-26 21:13:02
Its up to all of us what kind of power we give our governments. If there is no government than the one with the most money would simply hire the biggest army and would outgun everyone else. Thus we would get back to square one with a king taking all power. Even worse than now.
The idea of a no government at all is a unrealistic Utopia just like the communist idea. There are so many situations that the anarchist cannot explain. They just stick to the idea that government should go away. Most of the time they do this because they or someone they know have been treated badly by a government force.
However. There is something we can do that has not been possible before and that is to give people more direct democracy. This will not let money decide what should happen. As right now governments and armies get easily corrupted since they are controlled by few in the top.
Control those in the top and you can control the whole army, the government etc. 
How do you control those in the top? There are several methods.
Threats, (will probably not work as they have bigger force).
Bribes, probably more often work.
Extortion. This can be done with information those in power (police, judges, journalists, army, goverments etc. do not want the public to know about.
A gay Catholic priest. A powerful person who have sex outside of their marriage often wants to hide this. Etc.
Traps, framing someone for something.
This is not possible in a decentralized powerstructure. You can not easily control a direct democracy. Internet have opened up this possibility since information can now be spread instantly to everyone.
Democracy is more decentralized than dictatorship but still far from enough for the good of any country.
People also need to realise that not everyone should be able to vote as much about the future of a country based simply on age. Most people are quite dumb in that they base very important decisions on belief and feelings, rather than facts and logical thinking. That people are religious even today is enough to prove that.
Certain education and some intelligence should be required or votes could be weighted based on lots of criterias. But also imagination should be of high importance. 
Since those who can imagine things often get it right.
But even more, not everyone should be allowed to be a politician. Today the ones with who promise most people what they want and are the best talkers often win.
Ancaps are correct that there will be people in any government who will abuse their power, but their idea of voting with money will not create a solution since the that would simply give the power to those who have the most amount of money, who would enslave the rest and abuse their power even more. History repeats. This can be proved simply by looking at how many big coorporations abuse their power. H&amp;M for instance employ very poor people with slave like salary.
Only way ancap might work is if everyone started their life with same amount of money.
@_date: 2013-11-08 01:42:09
When you sell, you sell to someone who believe it will go higher (and they are probably right, so you lose.)
@_date: 2013-12-09 09:07:41
Bored? Get to know yourself. Sell your house and everything else you really don´t need and become a free man, exchange all it into bitcoins and get a crash course in finding your true inner self as you become a millionare, have your money stuck in Mt.Gox and go broke. Tell your wife about it, she leaves you with your kids, and you find yourself homeless, get fired because you sold your alarmclock, but don´t worry in the end you become a millionaire again, date a few hot blondes, buy the company you worked for, kick your boss and get your wife and kids back and live happily ever after. All in just a couple of months. 
Only with Bitcoin will you get the true life experience that let you find your true inner self.
@_date: 2013-05-26 21:23:06
That is far from good enough. Please dont put up your first best thing throw together. Its not on a high professional level.  
@_date: 2013-11-15 08:00:44
Yes and the same will happen to Bitcoin if there is no way to sort out payments from a crime such as kidnapping. 
It will be banned in most countries except a few african nations maybe, have no doubts about it.
@_date: 2013-12-17 00:46:17
It will make the poor richer because it will end the current pyramid scheme that makes poor people poorer.
A flaw in the monetary system?
@_date: 2013-08-30 21:49:04
And when Bitcoins are $4000 each?
@_date: 2013-11-13 15:53:01
Maybe his identity might be revealed if he moves them.
@_date: 2013-11-01 08:18:54
What you describe is not going to happen any time soon. It will take 20 years and be a slow gradual shift. Just like the shift to people using computers. Why, there are many reasons. 
When price of Bitcoin rise people think: 
Its too expensive. So people wait with buying.
(They think its too expensive because they do not understand Bitcoin.)
They have no idea that bitcoin could go to $100.000 they, sell their coins at $250 and are very happy with their fiat money "cashing out".
98.678% of people do not understand Bitcoin, because they are not educated in economy, unbanked, remittance, chargebacks, smartcontracts, difference between deflation in fiat and deflation in bitcoin, fractional reserve banking, etc and they will not understand it maybe in their entire lifetime.  
I have tried telling some friends to invest a little in bitcoin, I have showed them plenty of media about bitcoin, but if they do not read good things about it in the media. 
They do not believe in it.
So don´t worry.
If people were both smart and well educated you scenario would had been true. But thats not how it is.
@_date: 2013-05-15 08:07:48
Tradehill US? 
Kraken.com US Soon
@_date: 2013-11-20 18:43:21
A flashcrash like these are caused by actors that want Bitcoin to go lower. 
Some of them do this because they want to buy in lower. How can we know this? 
Because if they were out to go into cash, they would simply put up a sell wall as high as possible.
These crashes only make Bitcoin stronger. Because it shakes out those who do not understand the longterm value of Bitcoin. 
Instead those who panic, now sell their coins "cheap" to those who understand the value of Bitcoin.
This is a good thing as it shakes out weaknesses from the structure. It makes Bitcoin even more anti-fragile.
@_date: 2013-11-28 07:59:30
@_date: 2013-12-11 11:37:30
I think Pizza.de already accept bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-20 17:29:31
It can fail and it will be known why it failed. This will make it possible to fix it.
@_date: 2013-09-26 07:53:12
Ask him this.
So you are saying its like every stock of every new company ever made? 
The creator of the company can sell lots of stocks to buy back at a cheaper price and than sell higher?
So would you argue that every stock is a scam? 
Except that with bitcoins you can send them to any person in the world whenever you feel like it?
And he will probably tell you that, no because companies offer something of value and Bitcoin has no value.
Then ask him if he knows about remittance and the service of sending money across the world from home anytime you like, at the lowest fee ever has value?
Ask him if that would be a wise thing to do accoring to Game Theory. Why would everyone get bitcoins, when the price was pushed down and sell them and than come back to buy them at a higher price? When accoring to gametheory Satoshi would only end up hurting his own assets.
There is also the chance that he is invested in some kind of thing that does not like Bitcoin, it could be that his wife works at a bank or creditcard company and they fear Bitcoin.
If so, you will never convince him.
@_date: 2013-12-24 13:10:49
The richest of Bitcoin is more evenly distributed than in our society and eventhough Bitcoin will probably be the big cryptocurrency it will probably not be the only one. 
But Bitcoin is needed and needs to grow big if it is to first open up the gates for more are to follow.
@_date: 2013-04-10 18:05:57
Price went up to high. Gaming of the system to get more coins cheaper.
@_date: 2013-11-25 16:24:55
If so, nothings stops you from changing to Litecoin, Peercoin etc.
@_date: 2013-12-28 15:31:48
What you have done is way ahead. Its a look into the future were lots of people do not need to work as much but instead "work" in games.
People paying people to be their team mates, meet them in games etc. 
This is one of the many new things Bitcoin enables. 
How about paying AI o work for your team.
The better the AI the higher the cost.
@_date: 2013-11-26 23:53:56
There are hundreds or more people and companies working on solutions dealing with Bitcoin than on any other coins. Media is focused on Bitcoin since bitcoin is the gold standard for cryptocurrency atm.
@_date: 2013-11-20 13:36:28
None of these will make Bitcoin go away. 
-Alt becomes more popular/safer.
Bitcoin can adopt and if Bitcoin can not adopt, its not something that is going to happen at once. It will happen over a couple of years. But I think there are people who will allways give Bitcoin value now, as long as it works.
Government banning hardens usage
-In the end Millions of people in other countries will not care.
-Once price stabilizes... 
The value goes up as its more useful.
The value goes up as people now feel its safe to buy.
As the value goes up more people join.
Bitcoin goes up and over $1000
-More people losing money?
Bitcoin is money, if people do not want to lose money they simply should not sell their coins at a loss.
After a while if there are buyers, there will be no more coins to buy other than at what people are willing to sell them for.
Price goes back up. 
Every coin sold is a coin sold to someone who are willing to wait for it to increase in value.
If Bitcoin do not go away it will after a while start picking up in value again.
@_date: 2013-11-04 07:52:16
Inkscape, its a huge opensource vector illustration &amp; SVG program.
@_date: 2013-04-10 18:44:49
Huge amounts of money waiting to get in to bitcoin, when price goes lower people who did not have time (millions) will see this as their opportunity to get some cheap coins.
 
Bitcoin is still the same thing as yesterday.
@_date: 2013-11-28 08:38:30


You can do lots of things right now and this will only improve.
You can eat 
**Fastfood.com, foodler, Burger King (gyft) and other restaurants**
you can travel
you can book any of 300.000 Hotels
You can buy anything on Amazon and Wallmart
You can buy games
Humble bundle
Giftcards for gamestop
You can buy anything online


Humans will. Btc is a protocol, like the internet and its overseen by bitcoin foundation and several other coders. People that are way sharper than any politician, banker or "regulator" in this entire world. 


How about for the first time ever sending money to anyone in the world...The use in remittance is HUGE. The use for tiny to huge companies is huge.
How about as a global store of value? Like gold but with the added benefit that you can buy thousands of things online.
A protection against inflation. Big countries such as india, Argentina and others will have a strong inflation.
Monetary Privacy, Such as supporting organizations that work against corrupt leaders, men buying viagra online etc.
You might want to spend time doing a little research understanding the huge gap Bitcoin is about to fill and by that understand that bitcoin will not in the long run stop at $1000.
@_date: 2013-11-10 01:16:53
Because merchant can lower the price. This will make some people who trust their merchant want to get the item cheaper with Bitcoin. Now people can have a choice. A insured payment or a less secure payment. 
@_date: 2013-10-30 08:24:41
So you are saying that the best currency on earth ever will not continue to expand ;)
@_date: 2013-11-18 11:31:36
Why Local bitcoin sellers are higher? 
Many reasons.
Because the local bitcoin sellers are quicker than getting registered at an exchange.
Because they take a risk.
Because they sell less than an exchange do.
Because it takes their time to make a sell.
If you think its to high, get some bitcoins and sell them cheaper yourself.
@_date: 2013-11-19 15:49:29
I don´t think so, lots of new users are pouring in.
@_date: 2013-11-13 10:50:33
Great video, just one little thing. 
Bitcoin can probably not be killed.
There is no scenario that can remove Bitcoin now.
If there is a huge bug, value will crash, bug will be fixed and it will continue, people will notice and it will again pick up in value this time confidence will be even higher since the bug is fixed.
If its forbidden. Value will crash, but it will continue, there are too many advantages for to many people to not use it. After a while it will grow back again and pick up in value.
If its blocked, it will be routed around the blockades and it will continue and start growing again.
Every time there is an action against it, people will find a way to continue the system or go to bitcoin 2.0.
You see since you can prove that you own a coins in a bitcoin adress without proving who you are, people can even transfer to a copy of Bitcoin which fixes the issues. 
This process can even be automated, no human needs to be involved to check all the adresses, Mastercoin did this in one way there are others.
This means that its here to stay and if its here to stay it will sooner or later be used buy most people on earth, growth can be slowed down but its just a matter of 5 or 30 years before its used by most people on this earth.
Lots of people will not want to sell their coins when if it crashes, those will drive up the value as soon as the bug is fixed.
Its hard to understand until you really think different scenarios through, just how anti-fragile bitcoin is.
So an advice is. Do not panic sell to much, things can and will be fixed.
@_date: 2013-12-17 09:49:26
There is no problem moving bitcoins across the world in seconds. The problem is moving fiat to some exchanges within the old banking system and it shows exactly why bitcoin is needed. 
@_date: 2013-09-16 12:14:05
It will also increase the value of their bitcoin holdings.
@_date: 2013-11-11 16:44:52
You can slow progress but not stop it. There are millions of people who send money overseas in UK and who will love Bitcoin no matter what banks say or do.
People can still get hold of Bitcoins no matter what the banks do. 
This just slows progress. 
@_date: 2013-11-15 09:37:05
You can not compare the value of a single stock to the value of a single Bitcoin since there are way more stocks. If there were only 11 million stocks the value of those stocks would be several thousands of dollars.
You have to look at the total value of all stocks compared to the total value of all Bitcoins. 
@_date: 2013-10-23 12:58:18
My fridge just stole my BTC, ordered a delivery service and went away...With all my food!
@_date: 2013-10-22 18:46:05
If two things are real, whats most real? Fact is, it don´t matter. One can go up to the sky as more people use it and more features of it is used, unless some bug is discovered but even that can and will be fixed. 
One can only go down as more is printed. 
You make your choice based on your life.
@_date: 2013-08-15 08:25:09
Ofcourse you should invest and own atleast some Bitcoins.
Its the worlds first currency with a 100% known supply. 
According to a professor working at a centralbank.
Noone knows for real exactly how many Euros or Dollars there are. Because banks issue new currency when they hand out loans and there are also fake currency going around. Imagine if you could create a currency impossible to fake. 
This has now happened. Bitcoin is the worlds first currency that you can not get paid with a fake. That is a huge innovation in currency.
 
Its the worlds first currency with a 100% known supply. That means that everyone knows exactly how big part of the economy they have. 
If you own 21 coins, you will be one in a million. 
There are only at most 100.000 people who can own 210 coins in 100 years.
Bitcoin is the worlds first currency to have a known supply 100 years ahead. How many Euros or any other currency in the world will there be in only 5 years? 
Only centralbankers might know.
Even if US would, outlaw Bitcoin, and it wont. 
Because that would be stupid since US would become Bitcoin poor if Bitcoin becomes the next big thing. 
If Bitcoin takes off in the coming years, maybe not in US, but China, Russia, EU, India, Africa, just Germany alone would be enough for Bitcoin to go to $1000. 
And if it can stay on $1000 it would be respected and thus gain even more. 
You will have made yourself a nice profit. 
Who knows there might be a 60% chance of this happening.
60% to get a 10x return, that is a once in a lifetime opportunity. Like being early into oil.
Every year that Bitcoin is alive, only shows that it is here to stay which means its value increase.
But don´t speculate with more than you can afford to lose. 
You will only lose sleep and health on that, the possible return will probably not be worth it. So don´t take my word for it. Read the wiki, watch the videos from the Bitcoin conferences and follow the technological and news development of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-09-03 09:04:39
I really agree with crookedmiddlefinger. I cant post this to friends when you use Play and direct to Gambling.
How about Humble Bundle. But they should really make the Bitcoin logo bigger, or maybe the Bitcoin bundle. 
Or you might want to actually rewrite it to something like.
18+ Visit a Casino and make it smaller. Below the other.
Please use a few other gambling links, not Satoshi Dice since it bloats the blockchain.
How about Dragons Tale? Thats seems to be a very interesting game.
I also think you should add the category. Travel and direct to 9Flats.
@_date: 2013-12-18 10:04:27
Potentially, 9 Billion, minus a few bankers a few creditcard company owners, a few goldbugs and some bribed, sorry "sponsored" politicians.
The core demographics is any person interested in any of these traits.
**Private currency:**
* Every person who pay for porn (male and some females)
* People who pay for medical treatments and buys medication.
* People and organizations fighting corruption.
* Journalists
* Politicians
* Hackers
* Criminals
**A currency that keeps its value and even increase in value.**
* Close to the whole worlds population, if you can chose between money that keeps its value and money that do not. Tough choice...
**A currency they can send almost for free across the world from the comfort of their home anytime they want.**
* Every single person in the world having family in another country 3% of the worlds population. 
* Every company in the world who employ people in another country.
* Also every person in the world.
**A digital currency they you really own. Debt free and not borrowed as a loan by somebody.**
* Mainly smart people. But ultimately every single person in the world.
**No chargeback currency.**
* Every single online store in the world, once they get it.
* Every company who deals with buying and selling products from manufacturers in another country.
**A currency that do not give power to a corrupt regimes.**
* Billions of people in the world.
Basically the whole world is better of with cryptocurrency.
So basically 99,99999999% of the worlds population is the target for Bitcoin.
If they got to understand bitcoin vs their own currency which they will, the information is out there and there is simply no stoping it now.
However it could take 20-30 years.
@_date: 2013-11-22 02:00:36
"While you can't use a bitcoin as anything other than money"
Sure you can. Mastercoin are based on Bitcoins and give them some cool features.
@_date: 2013-11-13 17:43:27
I would really advice you to aim at owning atleast one Bitcoin (100 million Satoshi) or 2.1 Btc ( You will be on in a million) and keep them for 10 years.
 
Everyday there is developments with lots of different people/companies working on different projects, apps etc all helping to drive the price.
Try to get some more and spend it/use it. 
I would say the longterm risc is much much lower now than 6 month ago. 
Since everyone in dutch can now order food for their coins.
There are now 21.000 places in EU where people can order food from.
@_date: 2013-11-19 19:15:29
The market does what it wants, however that does not mean the majority of the market is smart.
There is a point to holding rather than folding. Folding tells the market that you did not value your coins more than that.
However remember that when people sell, they do so into new hands who are holding for a higher value.
All of Bitcoins value do not have to come from the trading of it. 
As long as there is someone willing to buy it or exchange it for something, it has a value. No matter if its one or 100 persons holding all bitcoins in the universe one buyer is enough, if you can find that buyer and Bitcoin has many buyers. 
Art is a good example of it. A painting is often owned by one person alone. Yet it has value. Because once its auctioned out, there are many buyers and if there is no buyer willing to pay the right price at the moment, the seller can sometimes chose not to sell.
@_date: 2013-11-15 09:01:13
If a government blacklists your coins, spend them in another country where they do not care and get new coins from that country. 
Since Bitcoin can not be frozen, people can decide if they care of if they do not care, its still up to us. If a government abuse the ability to mark coins, they can´t force everyone to care. This will drive Bitcoins into two markets a white and a black. People in the black market will not care for various reasons.
A government can force sellers to register people who pay for a certain good no matter what money is used. If you use different not connected adresses it should not matter?
@_date: 2013-12-24 14:40:28
Sure you are. Early adopters have been selling their coins all the time since they where $1.
@_date: 2013-11-08 01:36:51
1% or the 51% Mob?
I would want the 1% that has the highest IQ AND the highest EQ to govern us, not the 1% that is the best actors/scammers/puppets and accountability. 
For this people with low IQ and EQ should have a lower voting score. They simply should not have as much voting power as those with high IQ. 
You could argue that money influence kind of meassure this, but money influence is more out of luck since not everyone starts on the same level when born. 
Do we allow kids to vote? No because we know that kids do not have the minds and educations to vote.
But the sad truth is that so do not many adults (adult kids).
Our current system is thus primitive and thus easily broken by the 51% who have a lower IQ than the 49%.
Thus the voting score in a highly advanced civilization, should also be based on IQ and EQ. Hitler probably had a quite high IQ but low EQ and would not had been a good candidate.
@_date: 2013-12-05 11:34:20
No, the whole point is that bitcoins are considered valuable in themselves just like diamonds. So you can trade bitcoins for food or whatever without having to exchange it.
@_date: 2013-05-03 19:18:53
You mean buy fiat ;)
@_date: 2013-12-05 10:48:56
Cash was way more anonymous than Bitcoin and we still had governments. Its easy to govern people if you have a police, just put them in jail if they do not pay taxes, bitcoins or not. But sure, bitcoins might make it easier to make governments behave.
@_date: 2013-12-01 22:56:28
This is a planned try to get it to crash while people cant get money into exchanges. So that those who planned it can buy more as cheap as possible before next week. 
@_date: 2013-11-25 18:57:26
Wallstreet journal recommended people on WS to put 1-3% of their investments into Bitcoin. 
Sir Richard Branson made Bitcoin an accepted payment for space travels thus sending the signal to lots of CEO´s out there they should own atleast one Bitcoin.
The US have said that they will not regulate Bitcoin to death at this moment.
More big companies are going to accept Bitcoin.
My guess, we might see $1000 in 1 or 2 weeks.
But ofcourse who knows...
@_date: 2013-10-04 09:44:39
You might not get many customers paying with Bitcoin at this time unless you give some kind of small discount, but you will get some free extra exposure. Some linkjuice from some extra links etc and some mentioning of your company as an example of what can be bought with Bitcoin. 
So it would be smart to give that option.
@_date: 2013-12-24 14:29:31
There are many who have to much coins to sell everything if a problem crashes Bitcoin.
People who have coins worth millions that can not be sold, and people who are to slow will have no better choice than to wait until the problem is solved, why sell when they can wait. 
And what happens if/when the problem is solved?
Will those who wait want to sell and thus cement their loss? Ofcourse not if the problem is fixed.
After that Bitcoin it will be even stronger, yet one less problem that can occur the market will start to recover.
Never sell all your bits.
@_date: 2013-12-25 00:31:18
Mr Gorbatjev believes the collapse of Soviet was started because of the cost of Chernobyl. That collapse caused the inflation of the soviet currency in Ukraine and several people lost all or much of their life savings.
Bitcoin not belonging to any country is a strength.
If USA or EU have one nuclear plant accident like the one in Soviet in the coming 30-years their currencies might collapse. But it could also be a meteor hit, earthquake or something else.
The odds of a serious nuclear accident in the next 30 year is high according researchers of nuclear statistics. That would still be a Black Swan event but there is no guarantee a Black Swan event will not happen to a centralized currency depending on a union, state or nation.
So we are not only looking at competing currencies but also external factors that have impact on union currencies.
@_date: 2013-10-28 10:17:28
Its easy. Most people buy and hold Bitcoins not to use all of them right now. But to wait until the technology is more adopted and the value of their coins have doubled or more.
The solution is for merchants to offer a better price when people buy with bitcoins. Should you get a 5% discount or hold your money for a year and get a 50% discount? For most people this is easy. They will hold.
They really don´t need the stuff the sellers sells and if they buy it, they will use the currency they want to get rid of. Fiat.
Because getting hold of Bitcoin is still not easy for most people.
As long as Bitcoin is still tiny and Bitcoin can be expected to increase a lot in value, most merchants without a good discount will not see much sales in the currency.
The solution is to give a darn good discount. 
Such a discounts will also drive the price of Bitcoin up.
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:13:49
When you "invest" in bitcoin, you invest in every single service, company and person who do anything to improve and promote Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-05 10:15:27
When people traded with gold, gold was too valuable thus they also used silver for smaller items. However with Bitcoin, there is no need for any "silver" since we live in the digital age and it is extremely divisible. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:23:13
Cryptocurrencies are here to stay in one way or another. 
There are too much money to save and too many advantages for people, not just in one country but all over the world, that it will be impossible to make it go away. People will use this technology no matter what laws in various countries say. 
Imagine you are a poor hard working father and have a poor family in another country. You send them money so they can pay rent and buy food and clothes. But every time you send them
money 8-20% of your money goes away to middle hands.
You will use Bitcoin no matter what some politician says, because transaction fee is several hundred percent lower, they will be able to buy more things for it.
"Cutting prices by at least 5 percentage points can save up to $16 billion a year."
If Bitcoin gets too "banned". 
It will drive people to move to another even more anonymous version such as the up and coming zerocoin. Something, that "police" will not even notice that they use.
Yesterday, Matthew Green from Zerocoin project posted this to his tweet:
"We designed a new version of Zerocoin that reduces proof sizes by 98% and allows for direct anonymous payments that hide payment amount." 
@_date: 2013-12-17 09:55:45
User PHod7 made this presentation.
Maybe ask if you can use it.
User growth of Mywallet a Bitcoin online service, like hotmail is a email online service.
@_date: 2013-12-21 09:33:19
It could also have been a person who had worked inside of NSA and saw how the leaders were not trustworthy, how they tried to compromise math etc, and decided to make Bitcoin himself and release it to the public, instead of helping a organization he did not like.
@_date: 2013-12-16 21:08:28
The sooner the better.
@_date: 2013-11-29 23:05:25
There is probably need for one more coin, but it will be one thats fulfills things bitcoin can not so in the long run its probably not going to be Litecoin, the selling arguments do not hold at scrutiny. Its like Bitcoin, except that Bitcoin have more developers more companies behind it and is more secure, Bitcoin is simply traveling with a higher speed and its only increasing as adoption of Bitcoin increase.
In short, there is no real need for Litecoin, except that people will want it to increase like Bitcoin.
Whats the need? For litecoin arbitrage? Well why not Peercoin which tries proof of stake? Thats a selling point, and I do not even own Peercoins because I´m not sure it will be the best/last implementation of proof of stake.
The selling points for Litecoin was, its was cpu mined. That held for a couple of months, than it went Gpu. Selling point now was that is was not going to be Asic. Now Asics comming out.
One USP gone.
What the other selling points? Its like silver, well in ancient times we had a need for silver because gold was too valuable so you could not pay for small things. Its the same today. 
Bitcoin do not create a need for any "silver". It can be both silver and gold since its more divisible.  Another Litecoin USP gone.
The lower value of Litecoin also makes it less useful for big transactions and serious investments, so its even of less use than Bitcoin which means companies will gravitate towards Bitcoin, they will want to exchange their Litecoins to Bitcoins since thats whats really useful.
Competition is good though. But Litecoin is a simple copy of Bitcoin.
Things can change but don´t invest to much in Litecoin. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 17:57:56
Don´t forget, there could be a bug in our fiat money system too.
@_date: 2013-11-18 11:33:23
When/If Bitcoin gets to $300.000 than maybe things like that might happen. Before that, it just devalues a currency as much as any stock does.
@_date: 2013-10-18 09:17:37


Not really. New bitcoins are created out of work which requires real energy unlike Fiat, which is created out of air, with the press of a button.
This means that there is a cost to create a bitcoin and this cost for most is an investment and the only way to see this investment not fail is to not dump the prices on the market.
If prices of bitcoin increase you say more money have to enter the market. 
There is no truth to that. As price increase miners will have to sell less coins to recap their costs.
If difficulty stay and price increase from say 200 to 300 it would mean that a miner would have to sell only 2/3 as many coins, unless also difficulty increase.
This means that more money do not allways have to enter the market to sustain a higher price unless the price makes difficulty increase.
@_date: 2013-12-06 08:09:48
Yes, its obvious. They want to pickup "cheap" coins and thus throws out a report so they can claim that anything above $1300 is a bubble, this will make some people afraid and start selling at $1300. When they have enough coins they will. Either try to crash the market or let make a new estimate which project $100.000 and at $100.000 try to crash the market?
However their $1300 can cause some stability and if Bitcoin is stable its more useful, thus its value increase.
@_date: 2013-11-27 13:47:36
Overhead? Underhead, they give you giftcards 3% cheaper but only if you pay with Bitcoins. 
@_date: 2013-04-23 07:23:54
Just start twitter coins to charities! That should make them happy.
@_date: 2013-10-29 11:23:39
Banks can and should become Miners, this way they earn transaction fess on Bitcoin forever. That is an opportunity for them. But most of them will just like the music industry fight against change.
@_date: 2013-11-25 12:39:21
I hope you are not chinese.
@_date: 2013-11-14 08:28:02
The intrinsic value argument.
People are prepared to die and even murder for things that have no "intrinsic" value such as love and religion.
Money can be thought of as religion. 
If people are prepared to die for things they simply believe in than it proves that money do not need to have a intrinsic value. Fiat has proved this is wrong and now Bitcoin.
 "We were not foolish enough to try to make a currency [backed by] gold of which we had none, but for every mark that was issued we required the equivalent of a mark's worth of work done or goods produced. . . .we laugh at the time our national financiers held the view that the value of a currency is regulated by the gold and securities lying in the vaults of a state bank." 
-Hitler 
Unfortunately he understood how people value money. 
Bitcoin gains its value from its properties such as being teleportable to anywhere in the world. 
This is something that can save life when a father instantly sends money home to his family so they can buy cheap medication on the internet.
Gold can not compete with this use case, he would never trade the Bitcoins for gold in that moment.
In that case it does not matter if you tell him it does not have "intrinsic" value, because for him it has something better. It has real value and people are free to chose what they want as money and if people value their life they value their time which is what they have a limited amount of and that is what Bitcoin saves them.
People give real value to digital products that makes their life easier. Because it makes us waste less of the only thing we do have a limited amount of our time. 
Thats why we went from gold to paper from paper to digital it was quicker. 
Time is money. Bitcoin saves our time and that is real value.
I almost feel bad for Peter. Gold is nice but its impossible for it to replace real usefulness.
@_date: 2013-12-16 15:10:23
Love it! Thats what I call value for cryptocurrency...
@_date: 2013-12-20 17:21:39
Very good speach.
@_date: 2013-10-22 19:00:36
What top? Alltime? If/when Bitcoin reaches $2500, it will be more valuable and more used so there will be a steady increase of new users.
@_date: 2013-11-08 01:51:17
Incredible! Watching, humanity´s first sparks of entering a new era.
@_date: 2013-05-03 08:19:13
Current core developers:
 
1. Wallet encryption uses AES-256-CBC to encrypt only the private keys that are held in a wallet.
2. The keys are encrypted with a master key which is entirely random. 
3. This master key is then encrypted with AES-256-CBC with a key derived from the passphrase using SHA512 and OpenSSL's EVP_BytesToKey and a dynamic number of rounds determined by the speed of the machine which does the initial encryption (and is updated based on the speed of a computer which does a subsequent passphrase change). Although the underlying code supports multiple encrypted copies of the same master key (and thus multiple passphrases) the client does not yet have a method to add additional passphrases. 
This is what Bruce Schneier, the United State's foremost cryptologist can tell you about AES-256.
"One of the consequences of the second law of thermodynamics is that a certain amount of energy is necessary to represent information. To record a single bit by changing the state of a system requires an amount of energy no less than kT, where T is the absolute temperature of the system and k is the Boltzman constant. (Stick with me; the physics lesson is almost over.)
    Given that k = 1.38×10-16 erg/°Kelvin, and that the ambient temperature of the universe is 3.2°Kelvin, an ideal computer running at 3.2°K would consume 4.4×10-16 ergs every time it set or cleared a bit. To run a computer any colder than the cosmic background radiation would require extra energy to run a heat pump.
Now, the annual energy output of our sun is about 1.21×1041 ergs. This is enough to power about 2.7×1056 single bit changes on our ideal computer; enough state changes to put a 187-bit counter through all its values. If we built a Dyson sphere around the sun and captured all its energy for 32 years, without any loss, we could power a computer to count up to 2192. Of course, it wouldn't have the energy left over to perform any useful calculations with this counter.
But that's just one star, and a measly one at that. A typical supernova releases something like 1051 ergs. (About a hundred times as much energy would be released in the form of neutrinos, but let them go for now.) If all of this energy could be channeled into a single orgy of computation, a 219-bit counter could be cycled through all of its states.
**These numbers have nothing to do with the technology of the devices; they are the maximums that thermodynamics will allow. And they strongly imply that brute-force attacks against 256-bit keys will be infeasible until computers are built from something other than matter and occupy something other than space.**
Ten years later, there is still no reason to use anything more than a 256-bit symmetric key. I gave the same advice in 2003 Practical Cryptography (pp. 65-6). Even a mythical quantum computer won't be able to brute-force that large a keyspace..."
I Tried Hacking Bitcoin And I Failed
@_date: 2013-12-18 10:41:36
Not everyone in china is selling, some will be keeping since they are able to transfer those coins out of china it they like.
Some are keeping because they still know that Bitcoin will grow big in west and longterm in east asia no matter what the government says.
So yes it might go down low, but not everyone will be selling all their coins.
@_date: 2013-11-21 09:50:10
Consumers also like to get a better price if they use something that they can´t do a chargeback with. Using it will also tell the merchant that the consumer is honest.
@_date: 2013-12-28 15:16:56


Primitive reasoning. 
Do they reject the value of a doctors, knowledge, love, music, comedy a baby laughter? 
Because its not something they can hold in their hands so it can not have any value...
Better educate them?
@_date: 2013-08-16 10:53:40
What store/pub can you go into and spend gold? What online business can you go into and shop with your gold? 
Its not easy at all to spend.
Gold has value because, its limited in supply, some people think its beautiful, it does not rust and because of this it makes great jewelry. 
Not much of all gold is used in electronics. 
@_date: 2013-11-11 13:51:05
You can buy ANYTHING on the entire internet with companies like this:
You might not have a place to spend your Bitcoins, but the earth is a big place and people in other countries have. Making Bitcoin keeping its value and when it keeps its value it will increase its value over time.
@_date: 2013-12-03 22:15:05
Yes, very good watch. Watch it!
@_date: 2013-12-17 09:52:14
User PHod7 made this presentation.
Maybe ask if you can use it.
@_date: 2013-08-27 12:42:44
Where, cant find it.
Should it not be here?
@_date: 2013-12-17 00:17:22
Ofcourse people do not spend Bitcoins very much in as long as it have a long way to go up in value. When in 4-10 years things become more stable people will spend more.
You cant judge a grownup while the grownup is a baby.
Alien, "Hey that human will never be able to walk, he can only crawl."
@_date: 2013-12-17 10:36:58
Bitcoin will reach stability once we stop giving it a prize in fiat and instead use gold as the yardstick. Bitcoin is stable, its the yardstick that is not.
@_date: 2013-11-11 02:10:28
Its already to late. 
If you attack Bitcoin, Bitcoin will be fixed to prevent the attack again, or other cryptocurrency will take its place, one that will have fixed the weakness of Bitcoin and not a centralized one.
Humanity can not forget Bitcoin. 
Its been in the news all over earth.
When they closed down the ability to take out dollars from Mt.Gox, they raised the price of Bitcoin making more people wanting in. 
Now if they try to crash the value, people will see it as an opportunity and buy up the cheap coins.
You can spend your time and energy fighting Bitcoin and taking a huge cost and it will fail, or you can join it and earn profits. 
Governments can regulate it, like regulate the exchanges and the shops who sell items for Bitcoin having people  identify themselves and in that way mapping the blockchain.
Fighting it will fail. 
Concept of cryptocurrency is here and its impossible to remove. 
Big countries can ban Bitcoin, population in small countries and all over the world will not care.
Fighting Bitcoin would be like fighting time.
@_date: 2013-11-25 12:42:44
Even more important than spending it, is to get more to accept it. If you want to see the value go up, ask shops when they will accept bitcoin payments. Let them know you and many others might shop there instead of "insert competition" only because they accept the currency. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 08:47:00
Denmark and Finland announced that they are not going to regulate Bitcoin exchanges at this time. There is no need for special papers to start a Bitcoin exchange.
Bitcoin is money, no matter what politicians say. We do not need a politician to tell us what is money and not, just like they can not tell us what is a sun,bird or not.
It will be used and spread no matter what politicians say, because its way better money than any other fiat. 
Its money made to not lose any value at all in the long term because its limited in supply.
Nobody knows the exact supply of any fiat currency in the world right now, tomorrow or in 3 years vs Bitcoin, every single human in this world knows the exact supply now and 100 years ahead. Thats a first in human history that the supply is predictable and thats a huge impact.
It makes it trustworthy and useful. 
This means that you know you have one of 21 million and it will not turn out to be 1 of 400 million in the next year because some politician and bankers screwed up the economy and suddenly there is a need for some quantitative easing.
If you want a centralbank to regulate the supply there are 200 currencies that you can get why not get them? 
Because when the "regulate" the supply, it impossible to control or know how much money they are going to print.
The bitcoin protocol can be looked upon like centralbank issuing bitcoins at the worlds most predictable rate for the next 100+ years, but its made so that no politician can hamper with it for their own good or for the best of just their country.
Educate yourself and your peers, for a start take a look at these
A flaw in the monetary system? 10 min.
Bernard Lietar a former Central banker 10 min.
The creature of Jekyll Island.
Value of currency.
@_date: 2013-12-05 20:20:36
Yes, value should be meassured in gold you get for a coin.
@_date: 2013-10-19 12:42:37
This is actually crucial to the speed of the adoption rate.
People don´t want to hold 0.1 of something. 
Its basic psychology.
The name for Bitcoins should be moved say three or four decimals, four is probably better.
A current Bitcoin could be called a kiloBitcoin or something to imply that its a lot.
I agree that a date for this should be decided.
It would also give Bitcoin some extra publicity. Mentioning that Bitcoin is now so valuable that the one Bitcoin will now be called a Kilobitcoin and bitcoin will simply mean 0.001 "old bitcoins"
And having worked with selling things. 
mBtc is not what people like to call their assets.
You simply do not want to own only a mBtc of something, it feels insulting. The name of your money should not insult you.
@_date: 2013-12-16 23:46:35
Bitcoin can be upgraded.
@_date: 2013-11-20 13:47:18
Bitcoin is not even close to the same value as a single big bank in any single country. 
Yet Bitcoin have the potential to become more valued than a single big bank or many banks together. So yes there is room for growth.
Value of all Facebook stock if put in 12 million Bitcoins would be $8000 each.
Facebook got that value over 10 years thats an average increase of value with $2 every single day for 10 years.
@_date: 2013-12-07 08:12:01
Don´t agree. Bitcoin will never be worth $0 unless replaced by some other coin. There is too much utility for too many people, most right now there are billions, of who have not yet discovered the utility of Bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-12-05 08:20:59
They are liabilities because they use money from one deposit a lend the money to several people at the same time. 
(Not like, you, you can only lend a $100 to one person at a time.)
So if you put in a 100 Euro they use this 100 Euro bill, to promise 9 or more customers at the same time the same 100 Euro bill.
This could lead to the bizarre situation that they might even lend 900 to yourself, using your own money as "security" for your own loan. Borrowing peoples own money to themselves.
Then they take 4-10% interest from this "money" that they did not really have from each of the customers that they promised the money to. On this they earn $45 every year. They keep that $44 and give you $1, if you are lucky to get interest on your account. 
So ofcourse what everyone now see on their account is a liability since they do not actually have all that money that they promise, its empty promises.
@_date: 2013-12-30 08:14:11
Deflation and depression: is there an empirical link?
Are deflation and depression empirically linked? No, concludes a broad historical study of inflation and real output growth rates. Deflation and depression do seem to have been linked during the 1930s. But in the rest of the data for 17 countries and more than 100 years, there is virtually no evidence of such a link.
**Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis Research Department** Stﬀ a Re p or t 331 January 2004
In Good Versus Bad Deflation: Lessons from the Gold Standard Era (NBER Working Paper No. 
10329), authors Michael Bordo, John Landon Lane, and Angela Redish look back at deflationary 
periods of the late 19th century. 
These economists find that, **contrary to conventional wisdom, deflation may well be more positive than negative.**
Bordo, Landon Lane, and Redish focus on the price level and growth experience of the United States, Britain, and Germany during the late 1800s. This period, not unlike the present era, was notable for low inflation or even deflation, for rapid expansion resulting largely from technological innovation, and for a credible and internationally accepted gold standard. The researchers work from the premise that deflation might be good, bad, or even neutral. Good deflation, they maintain, occurs when aggregate supply of goods (say from technological advances, improved productivity, and the 
like) increases faster than aggregate demand, resulting in falling prices. Bad deflation in turn occurs when aggregate demand falls faster than any growth in aggregate supply. Negative money shocks, for example, that are non-neutral over a significant period - such as occurred later during the Great 
Depression -- would generate "bad" deflation. Indeed, the authors say, such might be the case in Japan today. 
A neutral impact o f deflation, meanwhile, might occur where monetary neutrality holds despite negative money shocks.
The researchers identify separate "supply shocks," "money supply shocks," and "non-monetary demand shocks" on output and prices. Their analysis is grounded in a model of money supply under the international gold standard. Their results indicate that deflation in the three leading industrial nations in the late 19th century reflected both positive aggregate supply shocks and negative money supply shocks. 
Yet the latter had only a minor effect on output. 
**The evidence thus suggests that deflation in the 19th century was primarily good, or at the very least neutral.**
A good video on deflation.
Also should not Bitcoin cause inflation as it in reality increase the money supply...And what about stocks was the deflationary spiral in the 1920s the stock boom, everyone put their money into stocks...
 
There is also another reason to allow Bitcoin.
In order for a system to be stable it needs to have more than one currency.
"Money and Sustainability - the Missing Link" PRESENTATION BY BERNARD LIETAER 
@_date: 2013-04-17 08:22:21
You will probably take more risks when you fake trade then when you trade for real. 
You will probably be more chicken when you trade for real, you can not really emulate the emotions, the fear, the excitement etc. Trade with a small sum and you will learn more about yourself, your real reactions to different situations.
@_date: 2013-11-05 15:51:02
Very good animated video. 
But becomes useless, since its makes such a stupid fail writing the value of a bitcoin...
@_date: 2013-12-16 21:39:31
Its not Bitcoin that will change governments its the internet with direct democracy, the next generation growing up with internet and using direct democracy among themselves will not want a government that does not work the way they are used to, they will simply change it to what they want it to be, when they take over from the old not grew up with internet generation.
@_date: 2013-12-15 09:14:42
More customers.
You get bitcoins, the worlds best money ever invented.
Zero chargebacks.
Maybe these are a very good reason. 
Michael Kumhof, IMF show how banks create money out of... nothing.
Bitcoin is the only digital money you can own.
Debt as money:
@_date: 2013-08-15 07:52:43
Do you want to lower your and everyone elses creditcard or Paypal fees they pay everytime when you use your card and everytime when someone buys something from you? 
If yes, accept Bitcoin. Two years ago there were no competition for these, which mean the can collect very high fees. 
Accepting Bitcoin will give them competition. 
A significant number will not pay you with Bitcoin. You said so yourself 99,9% of your customers do not know about Bitcoin.
What would a significant amount of customers be? Atleast more than 5%?
If 99,9% of your customers have not heard about Bitcoin and you get 5% buying things with it, would that not mean that you would have 5% new customers...
It does not matter if there are few or any that will pay with Bitcoin. It only means you would not have to exchange to another currency often.
If the time comes when you have lots of Bitcoin business, in a couple of years you will not need to exchange your coins. 
By that time, people will want them.
Accepting coins could also be a way to get a couple of new customers and links to your site.
@_date: 2013-11-15 09:19:40
Credit could also be offered with Bitcoin. For example if you use a Bitcoin account on coinbase to pay for things, coinbase could give you a credit if they trust you. This credit does not have to be in Bitcoins but could be in dollar value. So you get a credit of $1000 in bitcoin each month.
@_date: 2013-11-11 13:54:03
Printer drivers so that people can connect printers and print their wallets.
@_date: 2013-10-17 08:42:51
Good post but you have some serious errors, that you are presenting like the "truth".






Not at all. 
Whats wrong with the multiplier model?
Good luck finding a single bank in the whole western world today that is leveraged up to 9:1.
Almost all banks are leveraged around ~40:1 to ~98:1.
The leverage has not based on the amount of the loan, but on the risk of the loan. A loan of 100,000 might have a risk of 10%, which would be 10,000 of the 100,000 loan, now the reserves needed is calculated based on that risk. So if the FRB model is 12%. Than its 12% required of 10,000 which gives 1200 to create a loan of 100,000. 
How money is really made by banks:
@_date: 2013-10-22 08:21:03
You will reach the whole world. Customer from any country can order from you, with zero risk of chargeback for you and thats for free.
Is that not enough than I´m not why you run a business ;)
Its also a great way to get hold of a few Bitcoins while making a profit doing. 
Anyone not holding atleast a few bitcoins today is starting to look like a looser, and this is just the early days.
@_date: 2013-11-29 23:11:40
This is good.
@_date: 2013-12-05 07:56:43
No, its enough if 3% of customers withdrew. 
97% of the money they claim to have is simply "covered" by that 3%. So 97% is a claim on money they do not have.
@_date: 2013-04-10 17:39:07
The fact is that nothing of value is backed by anything other than demand. Gold is not backed by anything but trust.
Do things of value need to be backed by a government? Do art, diamonds, music, books etc need a government? Did gold need a government when we used that as a currency? Nope.
Bitcoin is backed by what it allows, its design and its users.
Its the worlds first currency ever that everyone on this earth knows how many there will be, 140 years ahead.
How many "insert any currency here" will there be even tomorrow? Will they print a couple of billions to "save" another bank?
A real limit to 21 million, makes sure they are designed to increase or keep their value over the long term. This means you can really save your money for when you are old. They do not drop in value, no need to gamble on stocks. 
Like money should be. Some people dont think so, they prefere a currency that allways decrease in value.
But you can now have both.
Do you think privacy is good? There is a huge value in privacy alone. 
A lot of people around this world find privacy very valuable when the buy things, not only illegal things but, medication, porn, viagra etc Bitcoin provides it to those.
(This can also be a drawback if abused.)
**Low fees**
You can send any sum for almost free. Products can be sold cheaper.
Time is money and waiting several days for money to go to someone can cost you money. For instance waiting to get money to Mt.Gox to buy Btc before the price increase. With bitcoin you can get money across the earth in an instant! Thats real value to billions of people.
**No chargebacks**
Chargebacks is a real problem for internet stores. Bitcoin is the worlds first solution to that problem.
Products can be sold cheaper.
**It provides real ownership**
The worlds first digital currency you can truly own and be the only one who controls your money.
There is huge real value to not having to trust anyone else with your funds.
For example if you die you know that only the one who knows your key will be able to move your funds, thus you can pass your keys to your children when they are older only they can move the funds.
**Allways open** 
No waiting for the bank to open. Its your money to send whenever you need to and its quite fast.
**No FEES Its free**
Its free, even poor people can get an adress that so people can send them money. In america 20 million is unbanked. And there is NO storage cost!
Lets say there is a earthquake, you can send your money straight to the victims no middlemen who take 30% of the money. 
The blockchain allows all sorts of stuff not possible in any other system. You can timelock money and noone can move that money before a certain date, not even you. For example you work in a store, you send most of your money to a timelocked adress which only opens when you are home on the weekend. This makes it impossible for anyone to rob you. 
Smart contracts etc.
Multisig adresses. Several peoples keys needed to move funds.
This is just a small introduction to bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-15 08:48:05
It would not lose a finite supply, no ability to freeze or confiscate funds, smartcontracts, no FRB banking, sending money fast and cheap all over the world, ability to accept bitcoins for free. Etc. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 20:49:09
Its not a problem.
Team liquid accepts bitcoin now!
@_date: 2013-12-17 00:43:59
The debtbased economy have allready failed twice and fiat money is about to fail because it has been overprinted. 
You are telling me its bad if people dont need loans? So they can afford to spend. If thats the case, spending would drive the economy.
The economy do not fail if there is another system that replace the banks.
You are scare mongering. 
In fact Swizerland had a alternative currency and was the only country that did not get pulled down by the banks in the 30´s because of this.  
@_date: 2013-11-28 19:00:01
Don´t trust Coinbase for the whole Btc. Everything is fine, until its not which can be in one year or two years or three. Create a paper wallet on an offline computer, print it and send 20-100% to that paper wallet. Store the paper wallet in a safe place. 
@_date: 2013-04-26 08:33:16
Its mainly private banks that produce currency when they issue a loan. 95% of all money is created as bankloans! 
Thus the governments have very little to do with the issuing of currency today?
Fractional reserve banking lets private banks issue all your currency as loans.
The only thing the governments do is to force people to pay taxes in a private issued bank currency.
The banks like people and politicians to think the government issue the currency.
@_date: 2013-12-16 10:35:41
Thats not so sure. With gold people put their gold in banks to keep it safe. They started to trade the receipts instead. People put their money in banks today for the same reason and to be able to send them.
With bitcoin there is less need to hand it over to someone else to keep it safe, people will be able to do that themselves with multisignature given to friends, timelock etc. And even if you do, you can make sure they can not move your coins if you use multisig, with them holding one key and you one key.
And you dont need banks to be able to send your money.
There is also less need to get interest, since you know no more than 21 million will be created so your money is not inflated.
Right millions use their private digital system and in that, they can create as much money as they like.
Fractional reserve would be much less common in a cryptocurrency based economy. Which is actually good for economic stability.
@_date: 2013-09-16 12:32:47
Its not a redflag on Bitcoin, because Bitcoin is not a company. 
How you buy and sell bitcoins has nothing to do with how the well the system works when you are in it and its still beta.
Though you should do some research before buying to make sure you will get your coins.
And before complaining maybe you should actually read some about fiat transaction fees. Your example of .02 + .02 + .02 = .06% is still way lower than the 2-3% when using creditcard or other payment networks. 
However the merchant puts this creditcard fee on top of the price. Thats why you do not notice it. 
Things you do not know about do not exist...
You have to pay way more transactionfees when using FIAT and it constantly loses buyingpower.
 
Bitcoin is poised to longterm increase tremendously in buyingpower as more stores accept it and as more people use it, thus it is also a store of value, that gains in value.
@_date: 2013-05-23 07:12:03
Pure BS.
People can lend out money they own.
Banks do lend out money they do not own.
If demand outweights supply, than demand/supply market rules will take care of it and perhaps demand, is short sighted. Prices of houses would be much lower with no FRB decreasing the demand for huge loans. 
FRB creates a demand for loans. 
If 10 people living on an island each day compete for an item on the open market and each have 100 dollar. 
One goes and borrows 100 dollars, created out of air, he can now outbid the others. Driving prices higher, forcing another one to take a loan created out of air. Now he will also drive prices even higher, forcing another one to take a loan and so it goes.
This would not had happened if they did not have FRB. 
FRB forces people into debt.
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:11:56
The growth of number of users is exponential and so is the growth of the amount of money exchanged into bitcoins as well.
@_date: 2013-11-08 01:54:06
Yes you are, but you need to upgrade your spelling correction algorithm.
@_date: 2013-11-21 08:37:37
This! It makes it easy, to remember and understand for anyone all over the world.
It makes you feel good when you own 50 million Satoshi. Rather than half of a Bitcoin. 
(Which might drive down the urge to own 1 full Bitcoin?) Perhaps not. 
Downsides are that now prices might look high when buying things.
However, we rather have people not think of Bitcoin (Satoshi) as too expensive (little value for money) and thus entering the market and not buy things.
Than the opposite. People thinking price of Bitcoin is too high to enter.
Instead of looking cheaper in Bitcoin. 
Hey its only 0.1 :- in Bitcoin.
Its 10 000 000 :-
However most people do not see price denominated in Bitcoin until checkout.
@_date: 2013-11-28 09:22:34
You do not need to own a full Bitcoin. One Bitcoin is worth a 100 million satoshis. But in the future you will probably be way better of owning 10 million satoshi 0.1 Btc than 1 Litecoin.
There will be 84 million litecoins, and "only" 21 million bitcoins, this means in theory that if both are used as much, a Litecoin can never be worth more than 1/4 of a Bitcoin.
Litecoin might be too similar to bitcoin, in reality its like a copy of bitcoin but with way less developers, merchant solutions, and merchants.
So its a risky trade. In the longterm future there might be room for 1-4 cryptocurrencies but Litecoin will probably not be one of them. Bitcoin will be one of them. The others?
Mastercoin, because of its functions.
Ripple? Not so sure.
Peercoin or something similar but better, because it takes less energy and we need  to use as little energy as possible unless we get very almost free energy in the future which might happen.
Zerocoin because its anonymous, will probably become forbidden and used on black markets.
All of these separate themselves enough from Bitcoin to be able to have a real use. Which is something Litecoin does not.
It might also be that there is no need for any other cryptocurrency than Bitcoin since Bitcoin is starting to become so widely used Bitcoin have the network effect and first mover advantage and thus others might end up being the myspace.
So don´t fool yourself into thinking Bitcoin is too expensive. If Bitcoin continues to be spread it might end up in $100,000 in 10 years and several other altcoins will die out. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 16:02:55
Bitcoin in China was not bought to spend on Baidu.
@_date: 2013-09-27 05:57:36
Its easy to tax Bitcoins when they are used.
Maybe 1% are audited but. 
1. Merchants will use solutions such as Bitpay. 
Bitpay will have to enforce tax laws.
2. If to many avoid taxes, they will simply increase the punishment of tax evasion, this is a simple logical conclusion. Going to jail for not paying tax is not what most people would like even if it was only 1 in 100.
Jails will be profitable atleast in US and China, were jailed people are  forced to work. So if you are not paying your taxes you will have to work for free.
They can "regulate" Bitcoin to a certain extent.
They can buy up lots of Bitcoins, release them when price goes to high. 
@_date: 2013-05-27 07:59:56
Historically not all episodes of deflation correspond with periods of poor economic growth.[4] Deflation occurred in the U.S. during most of the 19th century (the most important exception was during the Civil War). This deflation was caused by technological progress that created **significant economic growth.**[5][6][7] 
@_date: 2013-04-10 20:39:35
We are just getting started.
'Urgent' OECD warning on Slovenian banks
EU Says Bank Money's Safe After Threats To Take It, Ireland Still Looks Next Up, Contagion Ready To Spread To Bigger Countries
@_date: 2013-12-03 20:53:33
Bankers: No liquidity problem here! As long as not more than 3% move out their money at the same time.
@_date: 2013-08-27 15:44:53
Dont look like a panic withdrawal to me, more like a buyin on info before new hit.
I got my withdrawn money, worked for me. So I dont think this is a panic move.
@_date: 2013-12-09 08:43:51
@_date: 2013-12-03 07:55:07
Many more will lose their money this way if its not changed.
@_date: 2013-05-03 18:56:36
The value of Bitcoin is way higher than zero. 
Millions of Bitcoins will be bought for prices going lower, unless there are some serious flaw. 
One way to lose coins is by selling them.
@_date: 2013-11-16 09:02:59
1BTC is like a special kind of bar of gold 2.0 that can be teleported, each Bitcoin is worth a 100 million Satoshi.
What is the value of this?
* Worlds first free money system.
* Worlds first truly global money system.
* First across the world teleportable money.
* First money in human history that can not be counterfeited.
* Worlds first programmable money.
* Worlds cheapest money to send.
* Worlds only "international limited amount".
* Worlds only money with a 100% predictable supply thousand years ahead.
* Money that you can send your money anytime during the day or night around the world to anyone you like.
* First digital money that is not a company and do not spy on you.
* First ever digital debt Free money.
* Money that can not be borrowed out, unless you first have it (unlike Fiat).
* Being a part of making history and a global movement?
* Owning your own money, and not owning someone else´s borrowed money. 
Private bank money is borrowed into existence and must be payed back with interest by someone.
When you have money in the bank you do not own it, you have borrowed it to the bank.
Why count the value of Bitcoin in Fiat of which there is trillions? Why not in gold? Or houses? One Bitcoin one house? Only 21 million houses?
I´m in another country and I do not want any other money, no Rupiees, no Euro, no money from any country in the world. 
But I want Bitcoin and there are people all over the world who starts to understand Bitcoin.
Bitcoin does not promise you anything. Only you can tell us what value this new kind of money have for you. 
Some people do not care about this, but for other people all over the world it will be THE money to have. 
Don´t be surprised if people will sell their car to have a Bitcoin or house and you will tell your grand-kids when you could only get a bike for a Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-21 09:49:08
In most daily transactions there is zero need to wait more than 3 seconds.
How easy is it for a normal person with a cellphone buy a bar of chocolate or a cup coffee to do a double-spend...
How many who go to their local shop and buy groceries will do a double spend?
When you order an item to be posted to you. Do you think they have to
package and mail it within 13 minutes?
The 13 minutes is only needed for bigger amounts.
@_date: 2013-05-02 18:18:05
This is huge, a killer feature for Bitcoin.
The instructions are a bit unclear. Do you have to do everything, only one thing?
Would be good if the steps were numbered.
@_date: 2013-12-30 09:07:21


No. 
Its worth what people **want it, and lets it** be worth.
If I accept 10 Bitcoin for my car, not because I believe it has value nor because I have to but because I WANT it to have value and thats what I calculate would be a fair value of Bitcoin. Because I can do that calculation based on the supply and how much it cost to produce a Bitcoin.
Than I gave Bitcoin value NOT out of belief that someone else will accept it. 
But out of support for the currency. 
Roger Veer does this not because he believes it has value but because he wants it to have value.
Thats what "educated into conformity" bankers and economist don´t get. 
Here is a new theory for you.
Call it the  cryptocurrency money theory.
People can give a currency value not out of faith but out of an active want. 
Because they have come to the conclusion that giving the currency value will benefit them and their family, friends and even the world.
And this is what has to be applied to Bitcoin. 
Just as if you buy a piece of artwork or a piece of clothes. You don´t give it value because you believe it has value but because you like the artwork, you might like the artist and want to support him/her or you like the clothes.
Money IS a good and this means there are other reason than only belief to value Bitcoin as long as it works.
There are many reasons people give bitcoin value but faith is not the only one.
 
People are sick and tired of banks crashing the economy by creating money out of nothing and borrowing this out to people putting them into debt out of air.
People need a system to send money to their relatives in another country.
People need a currency they can send anonymously.
People need a currency that do not go down in value.
Thus they actively support such system, not because they have faith that they will be able to use it.
This is how Bitcoin was born. Not out of faith but out of need.
Bitcoin is a open decentralized system and people give it value because they want it to have value as they think people should be able to own their money they have been working hard to get and you can not own "fiat" since its produced as a borrowed item, someone always needs to repay it. And if you have it in digital form, its not really yours since you are depending on a company that **let you use it**.
People and you yourself decide the value of Bitcoin as a collective and this is possible only because everyone know how much will be printed. 
Its impossible in a fiat money system in which you have no idea or control of how much will be printed.
Sure faith is an ingredient in this but remove faith and you will still have all the people that want to support it not out of faith, so it will still be **given** value out of free will.
@_date: 2013-11-28 09:37:08
But what incentive do they have to give all the money to him if they find it?
@_date: 2013-12-17 00:49:43
Its better that useful goods are cheap. So we can make cheap computers and medical equipment that everyone can afford.
@_date: 2013-12-05 11:51:55


Digital gold also works. But you know it is used as currency in other countries and it will be used as currenvy no matter what politicians say. Time is on the side of Bitcoin not the old system.
@_date: 2013-09-30 09:53:42
1. 
2. There is an almost unlimited amount of adresses. So the chance of generating a already used address is probably a million times smaller than winning the highest lottery jackpot in the world 100 times in a row. Or something like that. Unless the Random number generator is somewhat broken which it was for a time on Android. 
3. Yes, after you send coins to the adress that was generated offline, the whole network will attribute those coins to that adress.
Thats how Bitcoin works. You are basically yelling out to the network. Hey everybody, I send these coins to adress xr0297r and I show you a valid signature for that transaction. 
Everyone in the network now changes their ledgers to write down that the previous adress those coins was in now lacks those coins and the adress you told everyone you sent to is where those coins are. This adress is an adress you or someone else could have created offline. As long as its a valid adress the coins will be sent. 
You can look up an adress to see how many coins are in it on, for example  or 
@_date: 2013-10-30 08:22:42
Bitcoin already is money.
The properties of the limited amount of Bitcoin also gives it the function of a store of value, such as gold, stocks or art. It does not have to function as a currency.
I´m not sure you are right that its all or nothing.
Bitcoin can be worth any amount and function as an exchange for niche markets. The value of bitcoins don´t really matter as long as its enough.
When the value went from 32 to 2 most people thought the currency were dead. It would had died if it was all or nothing.
That was far from true as we now know.
The market might believe there is a 90% chance that bitcoin will be worth $10000 in a couple of years, but unlike stocks which are already limited,  there are 10 million more bitcoin being produced, the market want to acquire those as cheaply as possible without pushing up the price to early.
 
@_date: 2013-10-10 08:30:30
I believe most users do not excuse murder.
@_date: 2013-11-11 09:42:15
In the long term it does not matter. There are ways to repair after a 51% attack, and make the system continue.
@_date: 2013-12-06 16:08:00
No you don´t. Only with Bitcoin you own your money.
@_date: 2013-11-15 09:06:06
If they blacklist all the peoples coins. Do you think the people will care? The government would instead shoot themselves in the foot and make all those people angry maybe even releasing a blacklist of government coins. 
IF you can not freeze bitcoins.
It goes both ways, even back to people.
 
@_date: 2013-11-19 19:28:23
Right now, there is a big risk many altcoins will get left in the dust and die out (most have already gone this way.) simply because there is no really good reason to hold them instead of Bitcoin. 
When most of what they are for many is a less adopted and thus, less useful version of Bitcoin. 
98% of the progress is on Bitcoin side. 
However there is room for 3-4 coins that really are different.  
@_date: 2013-12-20 08:04:07
If you study and work anything at all with Artdirection, psychology, the association people get from images you will know that the image will be associated as a negative one by most people. 
There is really no question about it. Its not about what you like. 
The main target for this kind of image is male teenager 13-17, who like games and science fiction. They think its cool. 
Most people in this world and even most 44+ and 18- which includes women have not even watched the Matrix movies.
For them this will associate bitcoin with something cold, which is negative.
You might like this and therefor disagree, and you can disagree as much as you like, it does not make it any more correct. Showing a physical bitcoin IS a positive image for 95% of the population. This is a negative image for 95% of the population its simply a fact.
@_date: 2013-12-07 09:37:20
When its easier, price will be 10 times higher. You are buying at a premium because its not very easy to get hold of yet. But really, its not that hard either.
@_date: 2013-12-19 10:31:52
King of Bitcoin
@_date: 2013-09-14 08:16:07
Bitcoin is digital cash and as far as I know noone withdraw cash from Mt.Gox. They withdraw digital dollars which is not cash. People can withdraw bitcoins just fine.
 
Just like they would had been able to buy things just fine at stores if the accepted bitcoins.
You probably mean that the old digital banking system do not work, they have froze some of their funds and make it hard for them to work the the old system.
@_date: 2013-12-09 09:12:49
Bitpay was up 5000% transactions on Bitcoin black friday 2013 vs 2012. Next year you will know how much its up.
@_date: 2013-04-27 10:49:20
Bitcoin is a international currency, a commodity and a payment system. Bitcoin is designed to allways increase in value.
Those others are only payment system for a local fiat money that is designed to allways decrease in value.
@_date: 2013-12-05 08:37:19
Also number and skill of the developers which is in big favour for Bitcoin and number of companies invested in the network.
Another factor is time of life.
Value of Bitcoin increase for every year it have survived because trust in the network increase.
@_date: 2013-12-05 10:12:07
Its crashing but its a longterm investment so it will recover, this is a shortterm panic that weeds out weak speculators. Which in the long run only makes the currency stronger.
@_date: 2013-12-23 14:17:54
But than you are really not selling things to get Bitcoins, you are selling things for fiat, using bitcoin as a transaction token for fiat. There is noone stoping you from selling things in bitcoin only. And let people know that you think that this should be worth 100.000 Satoshi.
@_date: 2013-12-09 22:47:29
Woow! Worlds first Mega Popstar that accepts Bitcoin.
That is huge news for Bitcoin. It gives Bitcoin credibility among every single got damn women in west.
Bitcoins just got some girlpower or more like milfpower.
@_date: 2013-12-24 13:12:45
Yes or people can lead themselves with direct democracy instead of giving away all their power over themselves to someone else who can get corrupted once in power.
@_date: 2013-12-11 21:48:55
Not really. Wow gold is a currency, a game currency. Airmiles is a currency. Its a currency not just a fiat currency. But it fills a new role...A internet currency, not something you will want to pay taxes or rent, but something you might keep a little of your money in.
@_date: 2013-11-15 08:23:19
Possible real life scenario.
What people have to realize is that Bitcoin as it is the solutions to two crimes thats hard to otherwise get away with. Kidnapping and extortion. 
2 years from now. Bitcoin become worth $10000. 
You (lots of people here) become a target for a organized crime group. 
They know you are involved in Bitcoin.
Someone kidnaps your wife or you or your child,  because this person thinks that you have lots of them. 
They demand ransom and there is no way to track the money or stop the criminals from using the money. 
They will get away with it.
With tainted coins, the coins would be tracked and might together with other evidence put the kidnappers in jail.
Bitcoin kidnappings become the new crime fashion.
If this happens Bitcoin will be outlawed or tainting coins will be forced by society on everyone. No matter what you or I think.
However, there are some things that might make it hard to get away with a kidnapping in a couple of years. 
That is all the cellphones/google glasses/ cameras/license plate readers/face detection cameras/satelite spying etc tracking everyones position. But that would probably not be the case for all countries. 
So we would see this type of crime in countries with less surveillance. 
And they would introduce coin tainting.
 
@_date: 2013-11-28 17:38:39
This settles it for me. 
bits is great, its perfect. 
Most people will prefere owning 100 000 bits than 0.1 Bitcoin. It sounds good, leaves room for growth etc. 
I all clients exchanges will update this as soons as possible to use it by default.
The mBTC and uBTC sucks for everyone who is not a computer science.
The milli is not as connected to Bitcoin as bit.
@_date: 2013-10-22 19:05:42
Most people on earth still do not own any bitcoins. Growth can go on for 20 years.
@_date: 2013-05-15 07:29:17
Its possible, but would be very hard as in trying to monopolize the internet. 
You can´t buy all the Bitcoins. They are not created yet. 10 million still left over the next 100 years.
People would just move to another cryptocurrency if Bitcoin was monopolized.
@_date: 2013-11-04 07:15:18
Good going, however just remember that every bitcoin that is sold, is sold to someone who will probably sell or spend it at a higher price. 
You should keep atleast one Btc...