@_author: lowsecurity
@_date: 2018-09-01 17:36:03
Yeah as if a country's futile attempts to sanction Bitcoin are really going to cause any kind of long term effects. So it's forbidden in one place, what's to stop people from transacting it in another place?
Obviously these EM's are so buried in strong dollar syndrome that they have no choice but to rapidly devalue or face default and the "helping hand" of the IMF, otherwise known as privatization. No one is going to hold onto their currency when the price of paper is rising 50% against it. They'll clearly look for more sustainable options, which unfortunately are more focused on dollar and gold right now just because people don't have enough education about Bitcoin to invest in it.
@_date: 2018-09-08 19:25:25
Oh and don't forget when banks decide to take notes out of circulation. Look at what India did with the demonetization of the 500 &amp; 1000 rupee bills last year that left millions with useless pieces of paper. They had nothing left to do with them because they didn't have bank accounts and the lineups were too long. Then the central bank turns around and prints new 500s and 5000s. 
Governments and banks can arbitrarily take your money. They can do it on a mass scale like India did, or they can just freeze individual accounts if they have reasons to believe you're a "terrorist". Just wait until they fully digitize it, then they'll have a little switch that can revoke your license to spend money.
@_date: 2018-09-05 14:16:45
It depends on your needs, and who accepts what. My landlord doesn't accept bitcoin yet, so I've gotta send it through localbitcoins. Until he recognizes that bitcoin is more useful than fiat, I've gotta do what he says. Same for the electrical and water companies, and most groceries, daily needs, etc. 
The problem that surrounds bitcoin is the mainstream media just loves heaping negative press on it. People think it's extremely risky but they don't have a clue yet. So the way I've started encouraging adoption is by accepting and offering payments to those who are willing.
@_date: 2018-09-10 18:45:04
Yeah but why only for high net worth investors? Why can't people buy a thousand or two if they want? I don't get what the purpose of restricting entry does for these kinds of funds. Of course, they're probably quite slow moving, like hedge funds, and take large amounts over vast periods of time.
But yes, this is a good signal in terms of the reliability and trustworthiness of Bitcoin as an asset. Now that it's openly being allowed to be invested in, more people will begin to see it as a real asset. Although it's just easier to go and get it yourself instead of getting involved in these convoluted funds.
@_date: 2018-09-04 05:07:12
Yeah they'll find their way to get into your money whatever it takes. I don't think that they have a way to track BTC trades yet, but once they regulate it more then they'll start asking exchanges to report. I'm pretty sure that most well established exchanges have records of all transactions and are willing to hand them over when asked.
The only way you can truly avoid taxes is by keeping it offline and cashing out P2P, like localbitcoins or bisq. I'm sure some sellers on localbitcoins report to local governments too though. They'll find a way eventually. If fiat doesn't exist, they'll need another way to make money.
@_date: 2018-09-07 06:15:21
Can you imagine an "instant democracy" where everything we do is instantly taxed? If we want to use a service, we immediately have tax deducted. On our little screens that follow us around everywhere we can vote for what we support or don't support regarding our surroundings. Then our money can go to that cause, but not be used on rubbish we don't like paying for.
It sure sounds ideal, but it probably wouldn't work that smoothly. There'd be some greasy-palmed bureaucrat at the top skimming the pot.
@_date: 2018-09-01 07:57:33
Oh but what about 10000k in 2k2x ?? My Uber driver told me that it was gonna skyrocket to the moon!!!
That's the pity of FOMO or relying on others for signals. Think for yourself before entering an investment of any kind.
Many people who have Bitcoin don't know a thing about fundamental or technical analysis, let alone what the price action means. Take your time to study it before dumping money fearlessly into it. Sure, it sounds like a nice idea, being the anarchist solution to fiat, but then these kinds of things happen...
@_date: 2018-09-11 15:44:54
Yeah, I figured that was the reason. They may be higher ranking financially, but risk management is the responsibility of the individual. I would think that it would just be a matter of signing a disclaimer saying "I know it's my fault if I put all of my wife's inheritance into Bitcoin and I won't blame my advisor".
This appears to me like the financial institutions are testing the waters to see if such investments are feasible in this manner. Before offering it to the general public they want to test it with the experienced. Either that or they know a great big pump is just around the corner and they want to get in early!
@_date: 2018-09-09 20:05:44
You could probably plot a similar graph and call it "utility of American toilet paper dollars relative to a loaf of bread". Or "trust of public in government tender". 
Funny that we can look back at it and see governments have been up to the same old tricks for 2000 years now. And we silly people still haven't learned. Or well, I guess we have just now with crypto. It took us 2000 years to find a solution.
@_date: 2018-09-07 20:47:23
That's the fractional reserve system in a nutshell. You put in money, they lend it out. The money in your balance is their credit to you, not your cash. They're not obligated to have more than 10% of the cash on hand from what you deposited. 
Some say that this is also why you should never use exchanges. The exchange will borrow your coins and then lend it out to customers who take shorts. I don't know if they do, but how else could they finance the shorts?
@_date: 2018-09-06 13:41:22
That's what I'm doing too. You collect it when you can, and hold onto it without any need for converting back. Spend the fiat that is needed for daily life, convert the rest and treat it like a savings account. That's what a lot of people are going to regret not doing when the US empire comes crashing down and the hyperinflated stock market surprisingly runs out of fuel. The Fed can only smudge numbers and pump money into job creation for so long until the gag is up. Once they run out of tricks and the Chinese stop buying bonds, everyone will wish they had bought bitcoin at 6k when it was cheap.