@_author: lozeau13
@_date: 2019-03-28 14:59:37
I HATE EVERYTHING ABOUT FACEBOOK 
@_date: 2019-03-17 22:31:07
Just a quick FYI the dollar has lost over 96 percent of its value since the inception of the fed in 1913 
@_date: 2019-02-16 05:31:28
I think gold and silver will be a great complimentary asset to bitcoin in the coming years. If you take a look at historical interest rates you fill see that in response to the 2008 financial crisis we dropped interest rates from around 5.5 to zero and kept them there for almost ten years. The effect interest rates play in the economy is that the fed funds rate is the basis for all other interest rates such as your car loan, student loans, your mortgage, etc. When we drop interest rates this is supposed to stir the economy up by boosting spending. For example: You might not take that loan to start a business if the interest rate you are paying is 30 percent, but you would be more likely too if they were closer to say 5 percent. I am just making up these numbers in order to illustrate my point. 
The problem is this gives the false illusion of "free money" and is a great way of making the poor feel rich. The wealth gap in America is at its highest since the 1930s. So while yes the stock market and asset prices have seen a massive bull run, it is a disproportionately small amount of people who are realizing this benefit. The average american in my opinion is actually suffering in the sense that we have taken on even larger amounts of debt than we did in 2008. The U.S. national debt sits at 22 trillion, we currently have historic levels of student loan debt, and also historic amounts of people who are 90 days or more late on their automobile loans. This tells us that rising asset prices have indeed not helped the average american, because if it did we would have decreased our levels of debt instead of increasing them.
In 2008 dropping interest rates to zero alone was not enough to save us. The federal reserve our central bank, who might I add is privately owned by shareholders, introduced a new form of economic policy they called quantitative easing.  I call it asset inflation. This is where they buy mostly U.S treasury bonds and also MBS's(mortgage backed securities), however keep in mind that when the fed  buys a bond they are doing so with an account balance of zero and are essentially creating new money from thin air by typing a few numbers into a computer. These bonds, MBS's and other securities that they "purchase" are what make up their asset sheet which has grown from around 0.8 trillion to over 4.5 trillion in the time period of 2008-2014 when they finally stopped. 
I believe the federal reserve did not save us, and instead they kept a bubble alive and it has become much nastier. Recently we have experienced turbulent times in the stock market and the fed has seemed to soften their stance of raising interest rates. If we can't raise rates past three percent without sending the market into a death spiral what will happen in the next recession when we can only take interest rates from 2.5 to 0? We will have to do a fourth round of quantitative easing that will probably be bigger than the first three rounds combined, and that boogie man named inflation will come out to play. 
Bonus Tips:
\-Take a look at the ten year vs two year treasury yield and look at the dates every time the gap closes (hint hint their was a recession) 
\-Central Banks are currently buying the most amount of gold they have since WWII.
&amp;