@_author: lsdeclips
@_date: 2017-12-04 05:24:27
No, it seems way worse. I’ve edited my post to add Google’s translation. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 03:29:45
Unfortunately, since BTC has been rising, the Japanese government is thinking about taxing all trades with Bitcoin and Alt coins. This is going to suck for Japanese citizens. 
Edit: adding Google Translate of the link. 
My Japanese is not good enough to translate but here is Google’s translation of the link:
9th question on national tax authorities, virtual currency income calculation (tax) 9 answer released
Written by Zakiyama (Yamazaki Daisuke)
On December 1, the National Tax Agency answered nine questions asked about how to calculate income earned in virtual currency.
As a general rule, for all virtual currencies as well as bit coins, income earned by selling or using is classified as miscellaneous income and a final return is required. Regarding income of 200,000 yen or less, declaration of tax payment is unnecessary, but considering the rise in the virtual currency this year, will most of you be involved? With regard to virtual currency, declaration separation taxation is not applied like stocks and FX, and tax rates of up to 55% (including inhabitant tax) are applied.
Sale of virtual currency
As expected regarding the sale of virtual currency, the difference between the amount of virtual currency acquired and the amount sold is income as expected. If you frequently repeat trading at exchanges etc., it is likely to be calculated from the average acquisition price of all trades.
Purchase of goods in virtual currency
Even when virtual currency is used at a store or the like, the difference between the amount of the virtual currency at the time of acquisition and the amount at the time of use is income. The rate at the time of use is unnecessary for calculation, but you can not calculate without saving the receipt.
Exchange of virtual currencies
When another virtual currency is purchased in the virtual currency, the difference from the market price obtained by converting the original virtual currency into yen and converting the other virtual currency into yen is income. When exchanging virtual currencies, it seems that the current market price of yen is likely to be needed, so I'm having trouble deciding how to do the calculation.
Acquisition price of virtual currency
It is said to be calculated using the moving average method or the total average method.
Obtaining new coins by branching virtual currency
As a judgment of the National Tax Agency, since there is a case that the market price does not exist in the branched coin, the value is judged as "0" unless it is sold or used. In case of using or selling, the acquisition price is "0", and all use is income.
Income classification concerning virtual currency
Individual use is classified into miscellaneous income in principle, but when it is used for settlement of project cost etc, it becomes business income. Also, if it is clear that you are making a living by buying and selling in virtual currency, you may be accepted as business income in some cases.
When classified as miscellaneous income it is not possible to total profit and loss with income other than miscellaneous income.
Margin trading
Overall taxation is applied. As the opinion of the National Tax Agency, at present margin trading of virtual currency is not applicable to any of "commodity futures", "financial commodity futures", and "covered warrants". Care must be exercised because overdue carryforward deductions like shares and FX do not apply.
When acquired by mining, income is the amount of income minus necessary expenses.
In general, although it is content within the assumption, in the case of the virtual currency, since it moves frequently between wallets and virtual currencies, there is also a problem that it is difficult to track by individuals.
In response to these problems, it will be a realistic solution to use Aerial Partners' virtual currency specialized tax service "Gurdian" which raised about 50 million yen the other day. Today, the company's service begins primary reception, and immediately the number of applications reaches 100 people and the reception is completed. We will start secondary reception soon.