@_author: lsdzeppelinn
@_date: 2018-11-24 16:34:06
Movies are surprisingly easy to make at an amateur level like this
@_date: 2018-11-25 01:48:58
I’m not saying amateur as in “badly made”, I mean the literal definition of amateur. These guys are making (good) content on youtube and making money off the views. It’s good stuff but they’re making this stuff as stepping stones for bigger careers. I bet they’re BARELY making any profit at all from their videos yet, which is fine. They’re talented and will most likely get bigger with every video they make. This doesn’t change the fact that this is a small potatoes production.
One location, one scene, 3 actors and a chicken. A wide establishing shot, 2 angles. A couple of props and very simple costumes. Pretty much any modern video camera, very minimal lighting and sound equipment and some editing software with some stock sound.
In terms of video and film production this is VERY EASY. WHICH IS OK, because the end result is funny.
No one is saying easy = bad
@_date: 2018-11-25 03:04:11
Uhh give me a month or so. I was script supervisor for a short film produced by a short film club at my university. We’re currently doing ADR for it and its gonna be edited soon after that. 
Im also in the process of writing a short film script myself right now and hope to direct it during the winter quarter. If that ends up getting produced Ill send you that too. 
These guys had a better camera and lenses than us, but we had a budget of $0 and all our equipment was borrowed, so we kind of just made do with what we had available to us.
Still our thing was like 11 minutes long, had 5 locations, 3 leads and like 20+ extras, so I feel safe in saying that it was more difficult to accomplish than this was. Difference is none of us got paid and these guys probably did. 
Which is ok. This video did everything it needed to do near perfectly. It’s quick and relevant and entertaining. 
I was not trying to knock the quality of this video at all, all I was trying to do was dispel the notion that what they did was super difficult. It wasn’t, and it didn’t need to be. This was a simple concept that was executed perfectly and has a great end result.
Im not saying easy = bad. Im saying that making movies at a low level isn’t difficult. Sure lack of a equipment and budget is always a bitch, but a good story is always a good story and a good concept is always a good concept. Thats why movies like Tangerine and Unsane can be shot on iPhones and be good enough to show in theaters.
@_date: 2018-11-25 01:18:22
a pretty good dslr w/ a good lens and some lighting and sound equipment is all you need for something like this
If they bought all that for this project then yeah maybe 20k, but whats most likely happened is that this production house already owned all of this equipment and uses it for a lot of their projects
Props and costumes in this are nothing too crazy
and this whole thing could be done in a day, maybe 2, of shooting. 
Sure you’re probably paying people for their work up front, but in low-level productions like this I don’t think anyones pay is making it to the thousands.
They have 1700 subs on youtube. If they were spending 20k on every project theyd have gone under by now.
No way this cost 20k