@_author: lsparrish
@_date: 2014-08-19 22:23:21
Usually, cryonics is only done on people who are clinically dead.  That is bad, however, if you were terminally ill you could choose to be clinically dead in an optimal manner by taking a lethal medication while lying in an ice bath.  This is legal in only three states (OR, WA, MT) and requires a doctor to give you only a few months to live.  It really is not intended for time travel but for having a way to end your life when you feel it is too painful and you are going to die anyway.
Your chances of waking up from cryonics are possibly very slim.  We don't really know at what point death becomes irreversible in principle.  However a cryonics patient cannot be thawed under current technology, as their cells would not be viable.  You would need to wait at least several decades, probably until a scanning mechanism is developed that can recover the data from your damaged cells and reconstruct your brain.
A better idea is to try and improve the technology and maybe invest in it.  What we need is faster cooling and/or more non-toxic cryoprotectants.  The amount of cryoprotectants needed to prevent ice formation is several moles per liter worth, unless you can find a way to cool much faster.
@_date: 2013-04-11 04:42:28
@_date: 2013-05-01 04:27:41
It's a kind of IQ test. If you are smart enough to know that there's more than one kind of hacker, that the word can be used in more than one way, and all that stuff, well then you get to be an early adopter and make lots of money. Congrats egghead, you earned it.
If all these complicated linguistic subtleties like "hackers that aren't bad guys" only serve to make your head spin... Um... Well... You can go ahead and, er, wait until *later*.
@_date: 2013-06-09 21:40:07
Not sure we actually disagree. I didn't say the earth wasn't "approximately" a sphere, or that nothing could be "correct" when the appropriate caveats are taken into consideration, only that wrong things are wrong to varying degrees.
"The earth is flat" is *not even approximately* true if you consider the earth as a whole. However, individual sections of land are indeed approximately flat, and the earth is made up entirely of such pieces. The statement that flat things added together make other flat things is also trivially correct. "The earth is flat" is something you could reasonably conclude if you were naively extrapolating from approximations that are actually reasonable and helpful on a smaller scale.
Also, note that the information that it is an approximation does not tell us everything we need to know about it to judge the extrapolation. Individual sections of land being approximately flat is consistent with some of them being concave and some convex in an alternating pattern that results in an approximately flat earth.
@_date: 2013-04-25 03:07:50
It would fill the economic niche of non-deflating currencies, e.g. allowing price stickiness without having to use fiat currency for reference.
@_date: 2013-04-25 03:50:02
Well, it is kind of counterintuitive because if I somehow suddenly removed 99% of the bitcoins from the world the remaining 1% would be 100 times as scarce/valuable.
@_date: 2013-04-25 03:28:55
It's not that hard. Bitcoin addresses are public keys, which means the wallet owner can sign things that are verifiably owned by the same person that owns the bitcoin address. So if you want to transfer the resulting newcoins to your newcoin address you would simply sign a message containing the new address and giving the transaction number documenting the bitcoins destroyed. It is trivial for the miners to verify that the person signing the message is also the person who signed the transaction destroying the coins.
@_date: 2013-04-25 02:12:13
I think maybe trading is the wrong idea for cryptocurrencies. Instead they should code in the ability to destroy so many bitcoins in exchange for the ability to mint so many dollarcoins or whatever. That way if the dollarcoin becomes more favored (by merchants e.g.) than bitcoin it will drive down the bitcoin supply instead of flooding the market with bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-10-02 23:06:04
Both yes and no, depending how you use it. Just like alt coins, colored coins can substitute for bitcoins, which can cause "inflation" or reduced demand. Say you want to store 1000 bitcoins worth of value, and there is a colored coin that trades for bitcoin at a rate of 1:1000 in favor of the colored coin. You could then just use one of that particular colored coin to represent all that value (assuming you trust the market for that coin to remain stable), so there would be less demand to hold bitcoin for value storage purposes.
On the other hand, it does tie up bitcoins doing things, which contributes to deflation, and it inflates the supply of whatever you are using them to represent. Say you take 1 bitcoin and split it into 1000 colored coins worth $1 each (and say bitcoins trade for $100 each by comparison). The bitcoin side of the marketplace would suddenly have 1 less bitcoin, and the dollar side of the marketplace would have 1000 more dollars. It's not that the bitcoin wouldn't be usable as money, but that you would be incentivized not to for as long as using it as dollars is higher value.
@_date: 2013-04-25 03:10:06
I could see speculators throwing a small amount in to see what happens. Obviously you would start with a testnet first, maybe run some roleplaying games or something before anyone puts their hard earned bitcoins in.
@_date: 2013-04-11 04:32:02
It's a long bet, not a scam. Also, why would pet cryonics indicate scamminess? I would think people would want to wake up alongside their pets.
@_date: 2013-05-01 05:16:08
Given the title containing "hackers" and "untraceable" I was expecting something dumber than I got. Not only does it point out that bitcoin itself is not anonymous and untraceable (though systems based on it could be), it also apparently uses "hacker" to mean someone who constructively hacks away at a problem. So kudos to the author, [Simone Foxman](
@_date: 2013-04-30 01:09:09
I've never used bitcoin tips for the 15-20% I typically leave when going out to eat, but now I am tempted to do so.
Bitcoin has been around for long enough, and in the media enough, that people should have at least heard of it by now. I can't muster sympathy for someone who sweeps a loaded bitcoin wallet into the trash. If they don't yet know it is real money they are either delusional or seriously out of the loop.
Collecting tips is a peculiar business model, which relies on social interactions and conventions to set the price as well as to enforce payment. Waitstaff behave according to social expectations, and customers behave socially in return, in the form of a purely voluntary donation that shows to what degree they appreciated the service. If they give a bitcoin wallet instead of a dollar, this continues the social contact in that waitstaff must then choose to either collect the coins or throw them in the trash.
If waitstaff does not respect the customer's nerdy enthusiasms enough to collect the coins that were donated, it is tempting to say, as a purely social matter, that they deserve to be stiffed for it, no less than for any other form of bad service. In not taking the time to understand the customer's interests, they are failing to operate within the social parameters demanded by their business model.
Bitcoin is very unlike Jesus Bucks and religious tracts (which have no cash value), or Best Buy gift cards (which can only be spent at a particular store). It does not need to be turned into cash right away, only collected within 30 days, something that can be done within seconds using an android phone app. As long as it is collected and not swept into the trash, the coins retain significant value over time, and may become worth a lot more if bitcoin attains widespread adoption. In certain respects it is better than a cash tip, assuming you don't have a pressing need to spend it right away.
How exactly is it better? Well, for starters it increases your awareness of an emerging technology that could make you very rich as soon as everyone else becomes equally aware. And it gives you a stake in it. A better comparison might be giving someone stock options instead of wages. It is also an incentive to save, which many people in low-end jobs would actually benefit from.
That said, it's probably best to tip more than 15% (25% or higher perhaps) to make up for the inconvenience and to reward the *excellent* service of going to the trouble to retrieve the coins / participate in something is, after all, a *non-standard* social activity at this point, storing and/or converting bitcoins.
Part of that tip could be fiat if you really want to minimize the chance of negative reactions, but I don't think that tipping in fiat should be considered mandatory, or that bitcoin tips should be required by mere politeness sake to be more than 15% or whatever is standard in your region. It's real money, and people that are too snobbish or stubborn to realize that do not automatically get to be right. Sooner or later, waitstaff will have to get used to some percentage of their tip money being in bitcoin form, and once they do adapt to it, chances are they will like it.
@_date: 2013-06-09 16:05:07


There are varying degrees of "wrong". The earth being flat is more wrong than the earth being a sphere, but both are wrong. Something close-to-right is an "approximation" -- it can be very useful, up until the point where it isn't.
Economics is riddled with rough approximations.
@_date: 2013-04-25 02:43:48
Can't you just sign a transaction sending it to a random number instead of a valid address? Or am I misunderstanding something? Does the network actually verify that the target address is a valid key of some kind before you send it?
(FTR I'm thinking totally decentralized here.)
@_date: 2013-05-01 03:18:40


I didn't say they did. But most people in the US (which is what this post is directed to) watch TV and/or use the internet to some degree. It's not all that likely that they missed out on the whole bitcoin thing. Especially not when they are in a situation where people routinely leave them on the table instead of normal money.
It's their *job* to accept tips. Not accepting bitcoins is called "not doing their job." It's not a bad thing for them not to get paid for this. Sure it sucks for the low-wage overworked person who can't find the time to cash them in, but that's a situation the bitcoin tipper *did not create* and *is not in fact promoting*. It's disingenuous to frame this as the bitcoin tipper ripping off the server, *particularly* if they tip more this way than they would otherwise.


Oh for crying out loud. Nobody is being oppressed in this situation. Certainly not by the tipper who chooses to donate above and beyond their normal rate in bitcoin form rather than dollars.
@_date: 2013-06-10 00:37:35
This kind of advice only works for (can be adequately evaluated by) people who are specialized enough in trading skills that they can beat the market in the short term, over and over. That isn't everybody. Some bitcoiners are more prone to buy and hold, because it is simple and relatively low-risk even if you have near-zero experience.
That does have opportunity costs, since beating the market by buying and selling at the right times would be a way to earn (maybe a lot) more bitcoins. However, the relative reduction in long-term risk for a newbie and the opportunity-cost of becoming an expert trader who must closely examine every market move, is worth accounting for.