@_author: ltorsini
@_date: 2015-04-22 00:23:44
Your welcome... now go contribute to the IndieGoGo campaign in thanks!
@_date: 2015-02-11 15:53:11
I'd be the delta between the 60c and 90c is them using the water to cool the buildings chillers.  They are likely picking up chiller load from the AC system and using that to supply domestic hot water load, this is a pretty standard practice of heat recovery.  I'd be very, very interested to hear that they are running their computer loop at 90c - that would be a big step in the right direction~
@_date: 2015-02-11 15:20:49
Too inefficient at this point.  close to 60% of the energy we use in our buildings is to make heat, its a little odd (and counterproductive) to try to turn it back into electricity.  We need far more heat energy than we need electric.  If we convert AC and refrigeration to heat driven systems that already exist today... we have a much, much smaller need for electricity.
@_date: 2015-02-12 05:42:05
Not needed, just think nuclear, utility scale PV and high efficiency combined cycle natural gas generation.   The world is headed toward electrification of natural gas loads for a reason.  
If you are really a glutton for punishment, look here:    
Google is your friend... you really want to look you will find it.
@_date: 2015-02-11 15:30:14
You have to run them hot, primary heat is what were shooting for, not waste heat.
@_date: 2015-02-13 23:47:27
I'm not going to argue facts about the energy efficiency industry and the adoption of technologies, I've worked in it for the last 15 years with fortune 100 companies and have first hand experience.
 PV first broke price parity in Texas, of all places, not CA or AZ!  I'm very familiar with the issues Germany, California and Spain.  The news is being pushed by the coal and NG electricity industries to try and force regulation, thats not happening.  What will happen is new technologies, like the one we are developing, that will make the largest loads in a building adaptive to grid condition.  If I can power the largest loads (heating/AC) in a house with heat, and supply them making computation and heat when the sun is shining and electricity is cheap and then coast through the evening hours by pulling stored thermal energy out of the system, that will have shifted the equation.  
The grid can supply far fewer hours generation resource and the effects of the PV generation curve are mitigated.  The same works with wind, which incidentally blows at night when the sun isn't shining!  Of course the low hanging fruit is the easiest to get, hence the term.  There are other technologies that are stepping into the generation space that are solving for the intermittent nature of renewables, these are far more interesting to investors than LEDs or CFLs.
As for your edit, I'm sure no pro chef would cook on a non wood burning hob in the pre gas days either, the economics and technology changed their minds.  Pro chefs are already cooking with induction ranges, as the technology gets better more will shift.
My industry has a way of dealing with folks like that - codes and standards.  When you cant buy a thing because it wont meet code you will change pretty quick.  Luddites be warned.
@_date: 2015-02-10 23:11:04
Hi guys, I thought I'd pop in and add some color.  The unit we built and the next we are building is meant to run much hotter than a typical computer.  It runs hot enough today to boil water off the GPUs.  With that kind of heat we can also supply air conditioning and refrigeration.  
We have had some interest from a couple researchers at the Fraunhof Institute that are doing high temperature computing today.  They are running ASIC at 250C - we could make steam with 250C so think about the application of your miners to the boiler of a building.
The system benefits from turning computation into a waste stream; we already have need for heat today, if we made that heat with computation then we would be getting the compute for free - from an energy perspective.  Amazon's cloud services likely has a current embedded energy cost of 20-40% of their hourly charge.  If you consider that we would be using energy that the building would have consumed as heat anyway, the energy costs should be close to free.  
@_date: 2015-02-12 05:20:40
I am indeed the guy!  You can find a link to the KS on the website:    
We're going to use a phase change thermal storage system, likely not a standard hot water heater.  We would use an instantaneous electric heater as back up or to top off the heat needed in heavy draw situations.  See the info on the KS page, it should answer some questions.
@_date: 2015-02-11 15:24:29
If they got to cut ~50% of the cost of their computation (electricity) out of the equation?  They will be doing this sooner than you think...
@_date: 2015-02-11 15:23:20
The cloud to heat guys are running at normal server temps, the best they can get is 110f.  Thats not enough to supply a hot water heater and really not enough to heat your house.  They are likely still running those existing systems and augmenting them with the server heat.  Not what we are doing and really not very efficient.  Run the computer hotter and you have usable primary heat, not waste heat.
@_date: 2015-02-12 05:15:52
Drop us your email and we'll reach out:
  
@_date: 2015-02-11 15:16:20
We're working with a national lab to combine our technology with theirs: 
We can even run a refrigerator with 230-250f heat
Converting heat back to electricity is doable (search for organic rankine cycle generation) but it is still pretty inefficient
@_date: 2015-02-11 15:29:32
We're working on it... want to help? 
@_date: 2015-02-11 15:30:48
Join the project and help us develop the tech.
@_date: 2015-02-12 05:13:09
Hi!  Great answers and questions!


**Actually, what happens to that light from the hard drive when it hits the wall?  What is it converted to?  The electricity (in a computer) is converted to heat directly, light which is then converted to heat on collision, sound which is converted to heat, or mechanical movement... which friction eventually converts to heat.  The only thing you could do (that I know of) that wouldn't convert that electricity into heat is to store it as potential energy - let me know if you can think of a way to do this with a computer?  The only thing that is a byproduct of that electricity consumption which is not converted to heat is the value of computation, there is a representation of energy in that I suppose.  Entropy will also eventually convert that to heat at some point as well though.
We obey the laws of thermodynamics as well, all energy will eventually work its way to heat.


** Were not talking about ordinary computing, we're talking about running computers very, very hot.  Watch the video, we're already boiling water across the GPUs in the first prototype.  Then follow this link so we don't need to discuss what temperatures chips will eventually run: 
Oh... multilayered lead capacitors (or similar tech) should be the answer to the next question?
**Saving money is not making money... anyone that has thought about saving money buying an old miner that wont keep ahead of the electric cost curve vs hash rate has some recognition of that.


**Right... I'm just not even sure what to do with that one.  Thanks for your opinion though!
@_date: 2015-02-11 15:14:04
A computer is 100% efficient at converting electricity to heat, gas heat does not have a waste stream of computation and has a carbon footprint much higher than electric heat generated onsite from renewable resources - there are studies that show even producing electricity at central station plants and using electricity as heat has carbon benefits over burning gas to heat water or space at your house.  
And tell me, when did you make $ from running your gas heater?
@_date: 2015-02-12 05:55:46
they are called SOI Chips.  Intel and a few research institutions are developing them.  
We have no desire to use exotic gases when water will work.
@_date: 2015-02-12 12:07:47


If that were the case then the efficiency industry would be far far larger than it is today.  Revenue and cost recovery are two separate things living on two separate sides of the accounting ledger.  Pfizer is far more apt to invest resource into a new drug than they are in saving money through efficiency.  I'm not saying its sensible - I'm just saying it is so.


I'm not sure I said it was more effective than renewable electricity already in place, I don't understand how that makes sense?  at any rate the point is, with progressive new construction codes, like California, we're pointing toward electrification of what are typically gas loads in advance of the distributed generation (PV/Wind) price parity event that happened in the US last year. At this point it is cheaper for utilities to site PV than it is to build coal, combined cycle natural gas or nuclear power plants.
This event signaled the eventual economic demise of gas fired generation and will quickly move those utility PV scale power plants (I think you are talking about) out into your neighborhoods and on your roof as prices continue to decline. This means your house will likely have some form of distributed generation in about the next 10 years if things continue in that direction. (they will)
So, after that, you will have no need for a gas heater or furnace and the carbon emissions because you will have been economically incented to change fuel source by cheap renewable energy, regardless of the amount coal (or hydro, nuclear, natural gas or even PV power) used to make it. This fuel switching is already happening in states where cheap generation is driving down the cost of electricity - some electric utilities are paying cash to their customers to switch from gas to electric appliances and heat.
@_date: 2015-02-12 11:49:02


Right, it is not.  But if you give a person 1/25th of a key to your car then they have to find 24 other pieces before the can start the car - that's what were talking about.


The largest super computer on the planet - folding at home - does this today.   There are some 100 plus distributed computing platforms at work today that distribute computation efficiently already, there is software already capable of parsing compute tasks and distributing them to separate nodes.  Once the distributed model takes hold you can be sure the algorithms will become more refined and better at parsing and distributing load.


We're not really building this for Google and Amazon, they already have a large, well defined  segment of the market.  We think its possible to participate in that market if you are focused on making heat first and see computation as the 'waste' stream from making that heat.  We already spend factors more of our energy resources making heat which means there is already an economic benefit to making it with computation.  If ~40% or their cost to compute is energy and were getting compute power as a byproduct of using energy we would have anyway then there should be plenty of overhead in the model for reduced cost or lower performance.


Please read up in the thread about the cross shipped maintenance model.  I don't want to repeat everything for you again in this response.


My point exactly.  More computing closer to the load is more efficient.  We are talking about a model that could build compute power into every home or business as part of their heating/cooling system. When we do this it reduces the need to transfer data across the planet to remote datacenters. I guess I'm not following what you are saying?


They are built to fit into a containment tub that bolts to the floor, the unit itself is sealed on the bottom so, when it is installed in the tub, the internals cant be accessed. When you remove it from the tub or try to forcefully enter, the drives automatically erase to eliminate all the data that might have been on the machine from a remote client. There is a resident drive that holds all your personal data that is not erased.
There is also a thermal cover that slips over the top of the unit so it is completely insulated and looses very little heat. All this adds up to a pretty secure unit.
when you consider that the machines themselves will have only bits of the information and that the sum total will be distributed across many nodes, it is vastly more secure than a server room. You would have to gain access to all the machines and then reconstruct the encrypted information from each node to gain access to the primary files.
anticipating your next response: It would be as vulnerable to DDOS as any server, we really cant solve for that and there is an entire industry that works on it specifically. I'd love to use Palo Alto Network's boxes on these but it is likely cost prohibitive.
Cloud to heat in Germany is already distributing data, Quarnot in France is distributing and crunching data from banks (yes banks) and performing graphics rendering. With the right security protocols and controls in place we're confident there wont be insurmountable issues but we wont know until we actually build them.  
Everything is impossible until its possible.  
@_date: 2015-02-11 15:25:05
Cloud to heat - only in Germany.
@_date: 2015-02-12 05:31:25
Hi there, lets go one at a time: 
Distributing the computation is actually much more secure since no one computer has all the data.  Think maidsafe?
We're not making servers, we're making heating appliances that compute so there is no maintenance.  We would cross ship modular units that a person could easily replace. 
Fiber is going in at an incredible rate, we would focus efforts on high speed networks and distribiuting the compute nearer to the load is far more efficient than sending it off to datacenters  near the arctic circle where they can dump heat to the atmosphere.  Talk about latency, did you know Amazon has a hard drive shipping service?   think again about latency.
We don't/wont need a server room.  We have no need for cooling equipment, the units are nodular and forceful entry proof.  We're not going to be using server racks.  Check out the KS page.
@_date: 2015-02-11 15:18:08
We're working on it, check the site.
@_date: 2015-02-12 05:32:53
can you include a link?  I'm really pretty happy to hear they are actually running their servers at these temps!  