@_author: lucas667
@_date: 2013-06-01 13:18:16
and having now looked at your site, i dont think you're doing anything "wrong" per se. But i think that plug-in is more designed with content creators in mind. But using other advertising, coinurl.com or something else, would be well within your "rights" as an aggregator.
@_date: 2013-06-14 14:27:28
"For example, the price of Bitcoins dropped recently. As a result, ASICM has gone up."
That's nonesense. That's how bonds work with interest rates, but ASIC Miner isn't a bond. With bonds, if yields fall, that makes old bonds with higher yield become worth more, hence the price of those bonds rises when rates fall. Just as when rates go up, that makes the value of old bonds worth less so they fall (why would someone buy an older bond that yields 4.5% for the same price they could buy a newly issued bond that yields 5%?)
Since ASCIMiner shares are transacted in Bitcoin, there shouldn't be any correlation to what the value of the bitcoin is - if bitcoin falls, ASIC Miner still has the same hash rate and will still produce the same yield in BTC terms. Now, if the shares of ASIC miner were transacted in dollars, and the value of the Bitcoin fell, then ASICminer shares would fall, too, as the dollar value of the yield in BTC would be lower...
The thing is, most people convert their BTC to USD. So when BTC's fall, even though the yield on ASICMiner should be the same in BTC terms, people might think that yield is less desirable from a USD perspective and sell down the ASICMiner shares further. Which would result in ASICMiner shares having a higher effective yield.
@_date: 2013-05-29 02:41:10
The weaklink wasn't that they used public DNS, it's that they moved money around. And they told the costa rican government they were complying with their AML laws, to the extent that they even created a fake website so that their host government could check transactions that LR knew to be fake. This wasn't about bitcoin, as much as Bitcoin users want it to be.
@_date: 2013-06-11 02:02:53
What, microsoft will not deal in bitcoin because a sale using it will be taxable just like any other sale? What's the big deal?
@_date: 2013-06-10 03:14:12
Which country are you in?!? $300 for a domestic wire? That can't be right.
@_date: 2013-06-10 02:59:31
Technical analysis is what many traders use to determine when they will open or close a position - he used the most common parlance avalable to him. There isn't a way to make it to simplify it anymore without him having to give a trading 101 course prior to broaching the topic he wanted to bring up.
@_date: 2013-06-14 14:20:06
Does Electrum host your wallet, giving them the ability to close up shop and abscond with your balance? Can't really tell by looking at their site... but they say they have different servers - if those servers are taken down, do you lose access?
@_date: 2013-06-06 12:10:25
Too many people are too ready to overlook the confirmation issue. It indeed poses a serious risk - much more so than a credit card transaction. At least with a credit card, if you get approval, you know the money was there in the first place, yes, someone could reverse it later, and there are routes of recourse. With BTC, to accept a transaction without any confirmations is essentially amounting to having to trust the person that their transaction will be good - and the whole point of bitcoin was to create a currency that didn't rely on trust of the person you're transacting with.
If double spending as a result of 0 confirmation transactions isn't an issue now, it's only because too few people accept BTC in face to face transactions. There are bad apples everywhere, and retailers begin accepting Bitcoin, those bad apples will come to the surface and then we'll be reading posts like "Help! A customer just filled up their tank and paid with Bitcoin, but once they left their transaction was rejected by the network, what do I do?"
And the inevitable responses "Why did you let customer leave without receiving a single confirmation?"
We really have to stop overlooking this issue just because it isn't one yet!
@_date: 2013-06-12 11:37:58
PONZI/SCAM ALERT
There are too many issues.
For starters, what they're doing is 100% illegal. Torbrokers users can be anonymous to Torbroker, but Torbroker can't be anonymous to their brokerage firm. They likely aren't telling their brokerage firm that they are, in fact, Torbroker though. But if their brokerage firm discovers what they're doing, I'd imagine all their securities could be confiscated.
Second, who is their brokerage firm? When signing up at a small brokerage firm, the first thing I want to know is who that firms clearing broker is - i.e., whose solvency do I have to worry about. We have no way of knowing, probably because TB doesn't want that brokerage firm reviewing accounts to determine which one of them is TB's.
Someone else asked about taxes. Big point - the brokerage firm is going to issue 1099's for capital gains, interest and dividends. No matter where Torbroker is, some country is going to come looking underlying account owner looking for the taxes owed. Unless they're going to withhold taxes from their customers trades, there's no way they can avoid acruing this liability.
Dividends and interest? Will they be converting these payments to BTC and returning them to the underlying owner? That's going to be a lot of work for themselves.
Given all this, I vote this is a scam. Their only option is to simply keep a set of books as if they were doing the actual trades, but pay people out with other peoples money. That could be a confidence building measure. But once they've ammased enough capital, being located on Tor, they can simply pull the plug and leave their users scratching their heads.
Unless you think its reasonable that a company or group of individuals are so committed to annonymous stock ownership that they're willing to pay the taxes on your gains for you, there's simply no way they could operate for any amount of time without accruing that liability. Or without setting off redflags from all the money coming into and out of their account - brokerage firms (and banks) notice this sort of thing.
Stay away. Stay far, far away. That's my only advice. 
To redditors further down on the page, one of who is saying "Well, it's probably just a CFD trading site - could be completely legit, could be a complete scam. One way to find out. I'm gonna try it with a small amount.", that's no way to find out - you can send them money, all they have to do is send you a "trade confirmation". Supposing they take in money from a few other clients, and your trade does really well, they'll most likely pay you out of their other clients money. 
That's the only way this can work. The more I type, the more confident I am that this is a scam, through and through. And this is just scratching the surface.
@_date: 2013-06-10 03:13:15
Transaction costs might be lower, but due to the irrersibility of Bitcoin transactions, one "fat fingered" error  (to borrow a term from the flash crash) could stand to cost someone a whole lot more than all the transaction costs they saved in the time it takes to hit the "enter key"
I'd also say that i don't necessarily view the fixed supply as being pro. Nor is it a absolutely a con. It's just the way the currency is structured. I can't help but think that in a few years, the fixed supply will likely be viewed as a determent. For absolute starters, and its been said a few times, but absent new coins being issued, what's going to motivate the glue that keeps the network together to keep it together? By that, I mean the miners.
We talk abstractly about them making their money capturing mining fees, but has anyone actually examined?
I'm very far off topic now, but just responding,,
@_date: 2013-06-14 14:34:28
it's maddening how so many people make such horrible investment decisions.
"Uh, oh, the stock that i REALLY liked for the long term at 90 per share has fallen, I better get out!" That's buying high and selling low, which is not going to make anyone money no matter how often they do it. 
If a stock was compelling at one price and you purchased and it falls, if anything, that should make the stock MORE compelling to purchase more of. 
I've only recently started tiptoeing into ASICminer shares. Still trying to get a grasp of how well the bitcoin world is set up for investments. But I'm expecting to be buying more and more as time goes by - definetly won't be put off by short term price moves, and in fact will welcome lower prices should they materialize... I've been having that problem with the regular stock market, love everything i own, but find it all too expensive to buy more of at current levels. So if a pullback in BTC land can get open up an opportunity, that's good by me...
@_date: 2013-06-27 11:34:40
But for smaller purchases, people might be satisfied after one or two confirmations in the first minute that the transaction is legit, rather than having to wait 10 or more minutes (I've seen some transactions take well over 10 minutes for their first confirm...)
I'd much rather get SOMETHING back from the network in a minute or two rather than have to wait 10 or 20 minutes, if we're talking about a transaction that's worth less than a bitcoin. For bigger transactions, yes, waiting longer would be in order, while the network generates more transactions. But 1 confirm after a minute, even if it's only 1/10 as valid as a current confirmation, is far safer than transfering goods or providing services without any confirmations whatsoever.
@_date: 2013-05-21 11:48:02
Bitcoin is far too volatile to ask the lay people to accept it for their wages. And there's not enough of use for people to buy - food, rent, etc. There's no reason someone will feel incentivited to want to be paid in BTC if all they're going to do is convert to dollars the moment they receive it.
The person who got paid in bitcoin last year when they were exchanging to dollars at the rate of 1 BTC for $5 would have seen a huge amount of appreciation, but more recently, the person who got paid in btc when they were worth $240 just saw the value of the money they didnt spend fall by 50% in a month (and saw it fall even more in the initial days after the peak).
@_date: 2013-06-11 02:25:36
A few issues.
First, where are these mass-produced ASIC chips that are flooding the market? The only ones I see are ASICminers chips that they're either using themselves or selling to miners at prices that are close to being uneconomical.  Avalon and Butterfly claim to have chips for sale, but whether the end buyers use them to produce keychain type devices a la ASICMiner or simply hoard them in order to recreate ASICMiners operation is a whole other story.
Likewise, you state:


















If you are having problems converting to one of those currencies, then certain the person that you buy from will have problems coverting as well, therefore the value of Bitcoin will drop regardless.
Additionally, you make that sound like that would be a "problem", but really, i think what the Bitcoin economy needs more of are vendors who accept Bitcoin, so that BTC's continue circulating. Right now now someome mines a coin, someone else buys it, exchanges it for something else from a vendor, who then immediately converts back to fiat. And that's a best case, so many more bitcoins are only used for trading and that's it. We need a much bigger, more vibrant economy for Bitcoin to turn into what it can. 
If the ending action of every transcation is converting back to fiat, then the value of Bitcoin is meaningless - it can be $300 per BTC or 300 BTC for $1, if someone only holds it for 20 seconds in order to essentially do a wire transfer, the value means nothing. To explain what i mean by vale meaning nothing, If I'm sending money to my mom, I don't care if i have to buy 10 BTC or 3000 BTC, I want x dollars to arrive. 
@_date: 2013-06-11 03:18:36
Except you didnt because no one will ever be able to verify they're out of circulation. We can assume that, but 50 years later (here's hoping!) someone might find the cache that we all assumed destroyed and put them back in circulation...
One issue of a currency with no one in charge.
Not an issue today with new coins being issued every 10 minutes, but one day it probably will be, when the not only are new coins not being issued anymore but some begin getting lost every year instead... 
@_date: 2013-06-10 02:53:50
He did introduce himself as a trader. I thought that dispelled any idea that he was a developer poking around in Bitcoins internals
@_date: 2013-06-11 02:42:01
Well, there go some coins from the blockchain that we'll never see again. I've wondered before if anyone has a guess as to how many coins are lost forever due to lost private keys, crashed hard drives with said keys, etc... This adds to the tally!
Unless any of you care to post coordinates so that might use them might be able to locate them? :)
@_date: 2013-06-01 13:06:13
Do you make an effort to let your readers know that you're just aggregating content from around the web? Or do they visit your site thinking that you created all of the content on your own? If it's the later, my vote would be that it's "morally" wrong whether you accept BTC donations or not. But if you're clear that you're an aggregator, people might want to tip you just for doing the service of gathering all those articles in one accessible place.
I've recently started a blog, also regarding Bitcoin, and while I try to come up with wholly original content, but each article I write generally refrences a few other articles from around the web - therefore my first step is generally to search out recent bitcoin news. That can be a challenge, having to scan through numerous sites and sets of search results for content to build off of. So my vote, without actually seeing it,  is that your site is providing a useful service. 
Just provide links back to the original content, or better yet, post a summary of the article, and a link to the entire story, so that you help drive traffic and readership to the original authors.
That's just my two satoshi's.
@_date: 2013-06-12 18:54:28
No, if i buy something, I make the purchase out of the "Satoshi" account rather than selling a "Bitcoin" item. If the purchase is against something that was used in mining (a GPU, for instance), then that gets booked against the asset account based on the BTC/USD exchange rate at the end of the day. Or, if i buy something personally, then I just consider that a "draw".
@_date: 2013-06-01 06:37:44
$1.5 Billion less the unknown number of bitcoins whose private keys have been lost, less the number of stolen bitcoins that are sitting in wallets but that would be refused entry into the blockchain if anyone ever tried to transfer them.
I'd love to know the true number of Bitcoins out there and "available" for transacting. But unfortunately, it's that information is impossible to obtain.
@_date: 2013-06-11 11:51:12
Yes, I've been trying localbitcoins and none of the sellers even bother writing back... they're all 0 feedback, though, so they might have signed up initially and never checked back in. But still, after hearing about it over and over, I thought I would try it out and was expecting to have completed a transaction within a few days.
@_date: 2013-06-12 12:00:27
Bitcoin-QT stores all of its data in a directory. In linux, it's /home/user/.bitcoin; in windows, its /Users/user/AppData/Roaming/Bitcoin/
Litecoin does the same, except its directories are called Litecoin.
I think what the OP is asking about a wallet that can read each of these directories (or store such directories itself), so that in one screen you can see all of your balances, then you can choose which currency you want to transact in, open that wallet and there you go.
So there's no reason such a program "can't" exist. But by the lack of interest in this tread, I assume that such a program doesn't exist. I wish it did, but I'm not the one to do it, being that I'm not a programmer. Even if i learned enough C to cobble Bitcoin-QT and Litecoin-QT together, I'd probably have introduced so many security holes that the community would simply laugh... But it would be worthwhile, I think, at least for those of us who think the world is big enough for more than one crypto-currency...
@_date: 2013-06-01 05:26:29
I'm in the process of opening/verifying an account at Mt.Gox right now actually. I'm wondering though, are orders placed with them generally all or nothing (AON)? That would mean that this order would sit out there until someone wanted to take the other side of the trade. Or does Gox fill orders incrementally?
If it's the first, I could see that as being a move to try to play around with the market, assuming that no one is actually going to cause you to fill that order. But if its the second, then they likely positioned themself as a "buyer of last resort", sitting there ready to scoop up bitcoins if they fell to the price they were offering.
@_date: 2013-06-07 11:49:22
Unfortunately, most people don't care. It's too abstract for them to understand, and even if they do, their reaction is "well, i don't have anything to hide, myself, so what's the big deal?"
Privacy isn't just for wrongdoers. But as long as the majority of the public thinks so, the people that aren't but who take steps to protect their privacy anyhow draw all sorts of extra suspicion. 