@_author: lucid-pasta
@_date: 2013-12-10 23:31:18
When I say that people reject thought because of contentment, I reinforce by clarifying that this specific feeling of content is temporary and that's why people tend to change what they choose to be entertained by. Also, there is an issue with the balance between thought and action but it's not as important since it is also temporary. When you say "My hope is to develop conversation techniques which are easily accepted by listeners and teach this idea of proper balance between thought, action, and growth." you are also advocating the importance of education. The difference of my goal from yours is that I don't want to necessarily teach "teach this idea of proper balance between thought, action, and growth." specifically, rather creating opportunities for willing students to get used to "thinking hard" on their own. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 23:49:41
"What is the amount you require now to give *everything* freely to others later." This would require literally everything. Physically, with the resources I require, I could give anything freely to anyone and everyone at all times. Mentally, I could monetarily support anyone to live how they please... and by fully supporting everyone, they are free to "completely dedicate yourself to that purpose in your mind".
@_date: 2013-11-30 21:41:44
Yes, what I am saying is that with the increased availability of information there are many more people reacting to speculation and responding with investment. Do you think that we'll start to see more behavior such as this? I've also always wondered... what's going to be that threshold for bitcoin users and investors? I'm certainly anxious because it seems as though there will come a day that bitcoin reaches a price that is  "just right" for cashing in. If that were to happen and prices were to drop significantly, I still feel as though that by that time it will be likely to survive due to the amount of companies and businesses still trading it. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 22:11:22
Yes, we're saying similar things. This is pretty cool. As a start, I will tell you what I think about the problems that you have listed. These things that are money and entertainment, which are actually impalpable ideas with adopted value and it's easy to forget that. This becomes an issue though. The majority of people are as you say "trapped" by the *contentment* that they feel as a result of something such as entertainment or money. I learned from a very young age how to manage my desires and there are a few things that I have come to understand: 
1. There are some people who are genuinely uninterested with exploration and the evaluation of self. I have known some that I implore so earnestly for to consider the importance of our subject. (It's still hard for me to accept today) 
2. There are some people who are the complete opposite. They crave a deeper understanding for everything that is and will be. Eventually, if we stay within the parameters of this category long enough, without being deceived by our own desires, we begin to formulate our own hypotheses about our place in this universe. We grasp a sense of unity. (I would like to hear your thoughts of that last claim because it is something I claim from experience and would like to hear your feedback) 
3. This category is by far the most important and it is why I posted on this thread to begin with; There are many people who are unfortunate enough to be convinced by the illusion of their desires. They do no wish to seek any more than they have grown to accept. This is the danger of ideas such as money and entertainment. These ideas make us content because they keep our mind busy and in most cases it's easy/fun to do. Many of the people in this category are those who have not had the privilege to become educated about the importance of meditation and evaluation. We live in a society of the deceived. They are born into it and know nothing more than what they've grown to understand. This is the negative that we have yet to make positive. 
My dream is to educate as many people as I can possibly influence throughout my life. I mean this on a much deeper level though. It is not very effective when you simply state all of these beliefs about desires and distractions. It must be something that is motivated within yourself. I hope to contribute enough within the fields of science, mathematics, and philosophy to influence for many years to come. When attempt to teach someone about what we have been talking about here today, I do so very delicately. There are too many people who go without the privileges that you and I have discovered through hours upon hours of thought. It's people like you and me that need to influence others to do the same. There is a peace that follows which satisfies much more than what our physical world has to offer us. Before I end this response, you yourself must keep in mind that the desire of an invented idea (money/entertainment) does not necessarily mean that we are lost or consumed by it. False desire *is* seductive and it can cause us to desert or forget about truth. I was attracted to this thread because you offer money. You pull me towards a dangerous idea that threatens the purpose of my true goals. However, I know that I can use money to bring myself closer to what I hope to accomplish in life. There's not a single day that I don't reassess my actions to remind myself why I continue work hard to gain an education. I am still inside my human body and right now the only way I can help as many people as possible is through sparking the inspiration to learn within others. I still play a video game every now and then. I work for my money so that I can try to live comfortably. These are not bad things as long as you know how to manage your desires within *yourself*. It's incredibly important to remember that. You have mentioned that all of this is a recent discovery for you and I tell you now to be very careful not undermine your own values. It's very easy to do over time. We all change a little bit every day passively. I have fallen back into the illusion of desire twice after my personal discovery and I believe that what I am doing now is the solution that works for me. Remind yourself everyday what your goals are. I hope that one day, you and I will make a difference to the minds of our future. I appreciate your time and please feel free to keep messaging me.
- Edits: formatting, spelling, etc...
@_date: 2013-12-09 22:29:39
I am currently typing about what "bigger issues" may exist. I just typed so much about that other thing that I went ahead and submitted it. It's a big enough wall of text as it is haha.
@_date: 2013-12-09 03:37:01
With true respect, I do not believe understand what I actually have in mind about self understanding. My personal goal is to learn as much as I can about the world throughout the time that I am alive and accumulate enough knowledge to contribute something useful. My quest for understanding seems similar to what you have claimed for yourself. I am so wonderfully mesmerized by the convoluted nature of mathematics, with laws seemingly perpetual but with behaviors so dynamic. You say that giving is more than the physical. Well I say that I work and learn to one day give for posterity. 
"Prefer knowledge to wealth, for the one is transitory, the other perpetual" -Socrates.
@_date: 2013-12-06 20:06:49
Why does our planet nurture us, though we accept her gifts with apathetic retort?
@_date: 2013-12-07 14:12:03
Selflessness is not to be proven to anyone. The motivation of a truly selfless act does not rely on the promises of material goods, but instead the will of the individual to share something pleasant. My point is simply that given a scenario in which there is no struggle for physical resources that are needed to survive, there are fewer things to divert our thoughts of self understanding. I tie back to the purpose of my first question here. 
@_date: 2013-11-30 21:55:50
I sure hope you're right :)  
It does appear to be going very well in the media. Hardly any flack really when you think about how people typically attempt to floor ideas with their spin on how they address it. Bitcoin has a cool advantage. There aren't enough people who know enough about it to give educated advice against it. I am even more interested to see how altcoins follow over time as the shadow of bitcoin starts to expand across the world.
@_date: 2013-12-09 00:27:13
I would like to request some further support to your claim "Self understanding is a selfish goal which does not include others" and temporarily refute it as well with my current understanding. To say that the self understanding is selfish is similar to the debate of whether or not altruism actually exists. To participate in a selfless act should not be relevant or susceptible to how selfish you have been in your past. To donate my time freely is by your words an act of selflessness, but this is a question of altruism. Are any of us at any level, truly altruistic? 
@_date: 2013-12-06 23:39:39
You claim to have found a deeper understanding of truth through nature and positivity. Did someone simply explain this to you? My question, really, is about what might unify us all physically; to motivate the search for understanding within oneself. Not just for me or you, but for everyone on our planet.
@_date: 2013-12-06 20:43:55
To be honest, I'd probably just give it to close family friend. She has done a lot for me and It's the first year she can't afford to buy her granddaughters some clothing like she typically does. I've thought about doing this recently and seeing this seems like a good opportunity to do just that.
@_date: 2013-12-06 20:19:43
How would people learn to understand our world in a society, from which, has no tolerance for the patience that tends to live within nature? Are we becoming increasingly ignorant to the dormant beauty that surrounds us?
@_date: 2013-12-09 14:04:12
I am pleased that there are others who share the appreciations that I do. I am not satisfied with our debate yet, though. There are many people who do not indulge any of their interest towards studying themselves and the meaning of truth. I am not suggesting that this is a requirement to be a good person; instead I propose that there are many underprivileged individuals who have been distracted from discovering their own self interests. I believe that establishing a better understanding of yourself is an important step towards performing in a positive and influential way. If you are to agree with this, you must also recognize the issue as well. There has been an astounding increase in technology and as a result there are so many, newly available, persisting distractions. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 20:33:55
Everything, but nothing you can give. Haha.