@_author: lucidelectron
@_date: 2015-09-12 16:27:27
Why is this being downvoted? This is the largest problem we need to get over to make bitcoin grow. Every single person reading that article without knowing how bitcoin works will say "oh so it wasn't so secure after all, just like I thought". And that's because the person who wrote the article probably doesn't even know how bitcoin works. The only thing they see is "bitcoin -&gt; hacked people -&gt; millons of dollar stolen -&gt; bitcoin insecure -&gt; will not buy bitcoin". 
@_date: 2015-09-12 20:26:06
You mean the majority of people is not needed to grow bitcoin? I have to disagree. People that don't know how bitcoin works will think that it has been "hacked", and that is the majority of people. It doesn't have anything to do with stupidity... 
@_date: 2015-09-25 17:14:55
Not right now, but there's a few changes that can be made to the protocol that partially solves that problem. Sadly I can't say more than that in this sub. Neither can I tell you where to look for more information about this. Long live Bitcoin Core! 
@_date: 2015-09-04 09:19:21
Average Joe's don't need to know what is going on. Nothing is really going on either, there's just discussion about different ways to handle the block size problem. Remember that nothing can change until the majority of the network agrees that it is a worthwhile change. From the outside it will probably look like nothing changed either. The drama is way overblown with clickbait articles making it seem worse than it is, just ignore it and use Bitcoin like normally. Everything will sort itself out in time, and most likely for the better. 
@_date: 2015-09-16 11:11:14
You seem confused about what is going on, so let me explain it to you real simple like:
Your original transaction had a low fee. A low fee means that miners are less likely to include your transaction in the block they mine (why would they, when other transactions will earn them more money for an equal amount of work?). This means that it will take a very long time for your transaction to be confirmed, as you have noticed. 
There is no way to "undo" your transaction and remove it from every node in the network. What you do instead is that you take the transaction you sent, modify it by increasing the fee, and then send it out again. Now there will be two transactions using the exact same input-addresses and output-addresses but different fees. The first one of these to get mined into a block will be valid, the other one will be discarded. The transaction with a higher fee is more likely to get mined into a block and when that happens your first transaction will be discarded by all nodes. 