@_author: luckcompany
@_date: 2018-02-22 03:41:57
Hello. I present to your attention a stunning site - a calendar of crypto events:  (
@_date: 2018-02-22 07:48:48
 — the best news of crypto coins!
@_date: 2018-02-21 23:56:45
According to Investopedia: What is 'Capitulation' Capitulation is when investors give up any previous gains in stock prices by selling equities, to get out of the market. Capitulation involves extremely high volume and sharp declines. It also usually involves panic selling. The term is a derived from a military term which refers to surrender.
BREAKING DOWN 'Capitulation' After capitulation selling, many traders think there are bargain buying opportunities. The belief is that everyone who wants to sell a stock for any reason, including forced selling due to margin calls, has already sold. The price should then, theoretically, reverse or bounce off the lows. In other words, some investors believe that capitulation is the sign of a bottom.
Investors can only identify capitulations after they have occurred. While traders often attempt to anticipate capitulation selling or buying, the reality is that capitulations are outcomes that result from the maximum psychological and financial pain that can be endured by investors before liquidating their positions. (To learn more, see: Profiting From Panic Selling.)
Using Technical Analysis to Identify Capitulations Capitulations often signal major turning points in the price action of underlying securities and financial instruments. Technical analysts can visually identify capitulation using candlestick charts. Hammer candles often form at the end of a selling frenzy when the lowest price is made, as capitulation sets in and signals a price bottom followed by a reversal bounce on heavy volume. Traders who wanted to sell their positions have done so as panic reached a climax. As fear starts to subside, greed may set in and reverse prices.
Read more: Capitulation Definition | Investopedia [ Follow us: Investopedia on Facebook
@_date: 2018-02-22 07:03:47
Every day we publish for you fresh and relevant topics in the world of crypto currency. Join us!  (