@_author: luckyhedgehog
@_date: 2017-10-23 18:13:25
Sure it can, if the company keeps growing and people are willing to buy there is no limit.
And what do you mean dividing a btc increases the price? If you mean it increases the availability of bitcoin in general, this increasing demand and value, you are being very disingenuous and misleading
@_date: 2017-10-23 17:15:39
Why would people buy stocks that appreciate so rapidly? If you believe the stock will be the next microsoft or amazon then it is worth the risk of investment
Eventually it will find it's equilibrium. If you believe that point is higher than it is now then you buy now. If you feel like it is a bubble then you sell now. Easy as that
@_date: 2017-10-23 12:37:26
Supply and demand. 21 million btc, billions of people on earth. The value of a single btc will go up as more people start using it. The current value is a fraction of what it could be as more people start using it
@_date: 2017-10-23 18:58:08
I get what you are saying about stock representing the value of a company as a whole does not increase the value of the company. I fail to see how that is different from bitcoin though. If you have 1 bitcoin, and divide it by 2, you have two parts that, together, equal a whole bitcoin. If you divide it again, you now have 4 parts that together == one bitcoin. YOu do not gain or lose value by dividing a bitcoin.
The valuation of that single bitcoin may change over time, but that is the same as a company's value as well. 
If a company is dividing their stock to create more shares it is likely to be because the value of the company is increasing.


I don't know what you are trying to accomplish with this statement. Yes, if the value of something goes up you can purchase more with the same quantity. What is your point?
If the price of stock goes up, you can trade it for more $$$ with the same quantity of stock.
@_date: 2017-10-23 18:17:33
Imagine being the first investor into a gold mine before gold was well established. You would have made a fortune
That is comparable to bitcoin if you believe it is not a flash in the pan fad
@_date: 2017-10-23 15:46:47
Stock in a company can be infinitely divided, yet the stock market drives our economy. That is not an argument against btc
@_date: 2017-10-23 15:17:07
If your factory only makes 5/year AND there is a huge demand for them guess what? The price goes up! 
Gold and Diamonds followed the same principle for thousands of years. It takes a huge amount of man power in specific locations to dig up small amounts of gold/diamonds, but the demand was really high so the price goes up. 
The only difference between traditional money and bitcoin is public perception of value. Every currency is subject to price fluctuations based on public perception, look at the huge price drop of the british pound after brexit if you don't believe me. People are used to government controling the price of money, and don't worry about the valuation of it. People are not used to a currency that is not controlled by a central authority, and overreact to market fluctuations. Once bitcoin has been around long enough that fluctuation will become more stable and consistent