@_author: lucky_refrigerator
@_date: 2018-09-08 19:08:41
Technology is a manifestation of nature in a different forms. Same as cities. We like to say that city life is unnatural, but in fact it is just a different interpretation of nature the way us humans define it. Some are ugly and grey, some are green and lush.
Bitcoin is another step further in that you can opt in and out, similar to the way you can choose where you live. If you want to find another option, that's your choice. But as long as you are using that system, it determines how you are obligated to use it.
@_date: 2018-09-13 15:56:20
Glad someone is posting stuff like this. No one seems to notice that all of these mainstream adoptions are actually bad news in the long run, mainly because 


Own the coin, don't speculate on it. Simple as that.
@_date: 2018-09-14 20:34:28
It's a quote from the article...
It's not about owning, it's about controlling. Stocks are not directly controlled by investors because they are easily manipulated through the actions of the company and the broader market context itself. Buybacks falsely inflate stocks, calculated mergers, takeovers, etc. can be used to inflate or deflate a price, stocks can be split, it goes on and on. The centralized nature of it allows the power to be in the hands of the few. Just like most altcoins as well. 
Of course it's going to happen, but that doesn't mean that we as coin owners have to abide by their rules. You keep your own coins, don't bother with middlemen or exchanges, and definitely not derivatives.
@_date: 2018-09-01 17:11:57
Yeah and another amazing statistic is how many of those coins are lost forever. I think it was something in the region of 4 million.
That just goes to show how many people are careless with their money. And it shows how the frantic rush to buy it left a lot of people wounded because they didn't want to take the time to consider how to properly deal with it. 
If we see another huge price burst like last winter, there will be more of this behavior. But it is kind of surprising still how low the market cap is and how few people know about it when there is so much hype about it.
@_date: 2018-09-03 06:58:05
Yeah and exchanges don't usually have that much on the books at any given time anyway. You'd have to paste everything together and then it'd all slip out. Hard to handle large orders like that anyway.
That's why we're still seeing irrational moves. The algos aren't "smart" enough yet to handle the jerks. There's still a relatively low market cap for Bitcoin anyway so it's not that hard for someone with really deep pockets to rock it in one direction if they really want to.
@_date: 2018-09-06 05:22:30
These numbers never last long... but it could just as well reverse and come back up as quickly as it went. The funny thing about Bitcoin is when it decides to start moving, it MOVES! The violent jerks make a lot of traders uneasy, but if you're not using leverage, it shouldn't be a problem. Just hold onto it and wait, it will come back up. No one wants it to go below 6k, that's the final line of defense. So stand strong and get your discounts when they come! 
@_date: 2018-09-07 20:18:40
Yeah look at the demographics of that country. When you've got more than 50% voting for Erdogan, I wouldn't imagine even 5% owning crypto. The people who vote for him don't care about the value of the lira against foreign currencies. They just want to see someone who takes no shit from the US (you can't blame them... in a way). 
This article is a good example of how smoky the crypto sphere has become. It's getting hard to see clearly because anyone can just publish a blog and make it look like an authority on the subject. Then it gets posted all over the internet and people actually believe it.
@_date: 2018-09-07 06:07:17
Haha yeah what a sample size eh. That's why I never believe headlines like this. I'm sure lots of people are planning to buy bitcoin, or probably already have as it dipped the other day, but how accurate is 72%? Maybe if you surveyed the hipsters hanging out at your local roastery that might be true, but I would probably assume that 72% of regular consumers don't even know how to buy bitcoin! They may have heard of it, but probably don't know what it is, or how to start buying it.