@_author: ludovicoworker
@_date: 2019-03-21 16:49:26
And by the way, under hyperinflation, even used cars become a store of value, specially when the supply of new cars is scarce.
If you want to know more, just translate this article: 
@_date: 2019-03-21 16:42:39
That reminds me of Brazil back in the late 80s and 90s. Having USD was illegal, but nearly everyone had paper dollars. However, they were very rarely used in daily transactions. Instead, people resorted to some reliable "doleiro" to exchange it for cruzeiro/cruzado/cruzeiro novo/cruzado novo/cruzeiro real, whatever the name of the currency of the day, for daily transactions.
Back then, banks were closed very often, mostly due to adjustments to new regulatory decrees and economic plans.
My opinion: waiting for the power to come back to exchange bitcoins is a minor inconvenience. Much minor than being robbed, having your home invaded by someone wanting paper dollars, facing a long bank holiday or wasting time looking for your acquainted doleiro.
Not to mention the remittances, something that was close to impossible for us Brazilians back in the day.
@_date: 2019-03-20 03:17:43
Let me tell you guys a bit of my personal experience. Don't take my words, though, just check the facts for yourselves. Though I was very young, understanding what was going on was a matter of survival.
I am a Brazilian who was a teenager when my country went through the hyperinflation of the 80s and 90s (from 1980 to 1994, Brazilian official inflation was never below 100% per year). We have had several currencies by that time: cruzeiro, cruzeiro novo, cruzado, cruzado novo, cruzeiro real, you name it. Every time they introduced a new currency, three zeroes were cut. The exception was when they converted cruzeiro real to real, when they turned CR$ 2750 into R$ 1 (not so unlike cutting five zeroes). Fortunately, when most people didn't believe the government anymore and Southern Brazil was nearly becoming another country, the final and more drastic cut was the solution to hyperinflation, after budgetary adjustments by the government.
Here go two links with the short history:
All kinds of weird things happened at that period. People rushed to everything that could retain some value, to the point that even used cars were considered investment. People rushed to buy paper dollars, then forbidden, but something that everyone had. Shortages and lines on supermarkets and gas stations were the norm.
The worst came with President Collor. Brazilians used to leave some money in the bank, that went through "correções monetárias" (monetary corrections) that helped to lessen the effects of inflation. Then government froze bank accounts and reduced the interest rates. Most people could not have access to their savings overnight and saw their balances dwindle: 
Needless to say, that's a trauma among Brazilians in their 40s or 50s. To the point that when Dilma crashed the economy making BRL go from nearly 1.50 to 1 USD to more than 4 to 1 USD, rumors of another banking freeze were hovering the social networks.
Here is the emotional part of the story: I knew bitcoin by then. It had crashed, but I liked it so much that I stashed some back in 2015, when Brazilian inflation was again above 10% per year. USD? Yeah, I was stashing most of my savings in it since 2013, but bitcoin looked like the real thing. I just imagined, what if we had bitcoin by the time of hyperinflation, how easier could be our life? How could Collor confiscate it? What if our country collapses (a fear shared by many Brazilians by then, and by seeing what happened to Venezuela and Argentina, a very realistic fear), isn't it so much easier to migrate if we just had some private keys? Well, I can only say that I (and you guys) were correct since 2015.
I don't care if cryptocurrencies are going to be used in the real economy or not. Even dollars were not used for daily transactions in hyperinflationary Brazil, being mostly limited to the black market. Having money that cannot be debased, confiscated, easily stolen... well, that's real protection. Let the next bull market come.
@_date: 2019-03-20 12:51:20
Even if it is down in your region, that's a minor inconvenience. 
How do you take gold or USD across a street barrier set up by thugs? What if you are carrying, say, rice, and they decide to take it from you? How can you be sure the dollar bill handed to you in the dark is not counterfeit? When your country is falling apart, there are much more serious inconveniences.
@_date: 2019-05-21 14:46:55
Brazil had hyperinflation for around 14 years (1980-1994). That affects how Brazilians deal with money even today.
In the early 90s, non-perishable food became a currency de facto. In the countryside, people resorted to soybean sacks as money, a custom that never faded, even during the best times of BRL. I know it's anedoctal evidence, but most folks I know don't trust the government and tell cautionary tales about people who used to hoard money.
We wrote an extensive post about this:
@_date: 2019-05-16 02:08:21
We did just that in Brazil back in the 80s. Even now, farmers still hodl soybean sacks.
@_date: 2019-05-04 01:35:24
The high fees and delayed transactions from back in 2017 are an inconvenience. However, other forms of money have even greater inconveniences themselves.
Plus, in Bitcoin's case, they can are are being worked out. I don't see much room for improvement in physical soybean or gold deals however. Even fiat is very inconvenient in large sums and across borders. And for remittances, there are altcoins that can be used if Bitcoin blockchain is too congested. That's the point of the text.
@_date: 2019-05-23 01:13:50
I don't think it's related to low income and high import taxes. As credit card interest rates are high (hundreds of % per year), people rush to pay their credit card debt asap. So, credit card debt is usually very low when compared to US or Europe.
However, paying all the debt asap can cause a cash flow problem. In order to counter that, purchases can be usually divided in 3, 4, 6 or 12 monthly installments on credit card. It's very common that such purchases carry no interest in relation to face value (it depends on the merchant), so it makes all sense to buy this way. I do it myself in all purchases I can (nearly all of them).
As long as the credit card invoice is paid on time, you can go on very low interest.
Did I manage to give you an answer?
@_date: 2019-05-21 03:29:42
That spend now culture will likely last long. I'm Brazilian and even in these tamed inflation days, people don't like to hold cash.
By the way, are Argentinians already stashing rice, sugar, cooking oil and other goods to barter, as a currency substitute?
@_date: 2019-05-12 16:45:25
Look at how Brazilians make deals using soybean sacks.
It's very cumbersome, but it works. And even though hyperinflation ended in 1994 and soybean is volatile, many rich farmers prefer soybean to BRL.
Source:  
@_date: 2019-05-04 02:47:32
As I mostly hold Bitcoin myself, me too.