@_author: luhkius
@_date: 2018-05-03 13:32:23
I'm a Commonwealth customer. They don't prevent the purchase of cryptocurrency if you use your own money.  
It's still possible to buy crypto using your debit card or via bank transfer.  
They just prevent you from paying using credit cards. Which I don't think is a problem, being that credit cards are basically the same as a loan.
@_date: 2019-03-27 01:17:51
Looks like nobody gives a fuck about the southern countries.
@_date: 2017-08-20 08:59:57
That's not entirely true. 
While I do kind of see your point and agree that network isolation is an important factor for network security, you're now focusing on network intrusion rather than device security.  
You can perform mitm attacks on most devices wireless or wired, it depends on your network setup.  
Exploiting devices via usb requires authentication from the device while unlocked (ios prompts if you trust the computer, android requires enabling ADB and then authorizing the computer).  
The only time you can exploit a device via usb without authorization is if your device has unpatched vulnerabilities that allow it (and these types of vulnerabilities are fairly rare).  
I would even argue that constantly-updated ios and android devices could be the strongest-secured devices on a network. 
Do you have any idea how many XP machines are still used today? Or how many networks have WPS enabled?  
Mobile devices aren't always the weakest link.
@_date: 2017-08-18 21:11:11
I'm curious as to why you say this.  
Knowing quite a bit about security, I've found android to be far worse than ios. 
Ios devices can be very weak if they aren't updated to the latest ios and the same goes for android.  
If you stay updated to the latest os at all times, which is hard with many android devices having to wait for their OEM to rollout the updates, you're generally secure on both devices. 
There's the occasional jailbreak on the latest ios version, but they are getting more rare as apple hardens their OS, and apple is quick to patch vulnerabilities in their software.  
I'm not saying anybody should buy an apple device (I personally hate the restrictions of an un-jailbroken device), but if you're going to make bold claims, back them up with evidence.  
If you want some examples, you can look at the times between jailbreak releases and ios updates patching said exploits. Then you can compare it to android exploits, and the time taken by various OEM's to patch their vulnerabilities.