@_author: luk64
@_date: 2017-12-14 17:03:32
Bitcoin is very volatile because it is in the early days of adoption. What I meant to say is that Bitcoin has the opportunity to become a solid store of value since it has very good characteristics for money like ensuring not only a supply that is limited but also very predictable in the way it is increased until all coins are mined. However it stills lacks confidence enough to ensure the side of the demand, which can only emerge with time and considerable market cap.
If you invest even 1% of your savings in Bitcoin you already using it as a store of value. And I never said to invest all your savings in Bitcoin (the same way nobody should invest all their savings in stocks from a startup). Nothing is risk free, that's why everyone should diversify their portfolio (I thought I didn't have to say that to investors). For instance, holding 5% to 10% of your savings in Bitcoin is not reckless. Your diversify you savings putting in very different kinds of investments to protect against different kinds of events that may happen while at the same time you invest a small portion of it in things that have higher risks but higher returns. Bitcoin right know should be considered a high-risk high-return asset and eventually in time - if it really gets a large enough market cap and confidence - it could become a solid store of value. But If people push for a block increase that ends up in centralization, we can't forget about that.
@_date: 2017-12-15 21:12:10
I have coins from before the fork but I already put more Bitcoins in the wallet after the fork. Can someone tell me how can I split my coins in this case? Can I just open my wallet in a bcash client and it will know which coins I had before the fork? I want to dump my bcash before Coinbase releases their bcash coins, but I don't want to risk losing my btcs.
@_date: 2017-12-14 15:34:21
People are not using Bitcoin right now to pay for things instantly on the internet, but as a store of value. I am sure this could be achieve in the future with LN for instance, but right now we are digital gold. It doesn't make sense risking losing decentralization just to offer a temporary solution like block increase (you can't match tx rate of a central server with just block increases). We have a myriad of instant payments systems right now but not much things that serve as a solid store of value (limited supply, controlled declined inflation, easy to transfer, easy to store, secure against government confiscations, no need to trust in central authority). Why would you put all that at risk just to have a short-term solution? The main priority of Bitcoin should be "Be your own bank". Second layer solutions will allow Visa tx rate for payments while stil maintaining decentralization.
@_date: 2017-12-14 18:01:35
Every investment is a speculation because nothing is certain, after all you are just making a "bet" that the price in the future of something it's going to be higher than the current price. Some investments have a small chance of failing while others have a much higher chance of that happening (like investing in a Startup company for instance).
Gold has a much more higher chance of at least retain it's price because not only is has a finite supply but it also has a high degree of confidence. But even so you simply can't say it will retain the same value 10 years from now as a lot of events could affect its price. Not only the demand for gold could change but also a lot of factors could affect the supply. More miners could enter the market, new gold mines could be discovered, technology in mining equipment could allow more gold to be extracted, some central bank could decide to sell their reserves for several different reasons, this are just some examples. Considering Bitcoin were to be adopted to be used just like gold, and it ends up acquiring the same level of confidence, at least you would have a much higher predictability from the supply side (as the rate of inflation it has until all coins are mined are adjusted and controlled by an algorithm).
There is also the problem of the difficulty to someone differentiate a real gold bar from a fake gold bar made out of tungsten, which not only breaks fungibility but also increases the supply (so even if you know your gold bars are the real deal, a lot of misinformed people end up buying them and you lose from the resulted inflation created).
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:22:01
I agree. That's why I think it's a good thing that more speculators and investors come each day, because for Bitcoin to have a chance to become a store of value and a replacement for fiat, the market needs first to have a lot more liquidity. If I have to guess I would say at least $100.000 per coin for the common citizen to start seeing Bitcoin as a viable investment. In this scenario not only people would start to invest in Bitcoin, but a lot of well known establishments would start accepting Bitcoin, which would make it not only a replacement for gold but also for fiat. Until there second layer payments must be ready anyway, so it would be a viable Visa replacement.
@_date: 2018-08-19 00:57:42
Why doesn't the police and the military rebell too? I imagined that their salary and stardard of living can't keep up with all the money printing that the goverment there is doing. It blows my mind how someone can shoot innocent civilians and even see their family starve just to enforce the will of a politician.
@_date: 2018-08-19 00:50:02
A more accurate phrase would be: "any fiat is bound to fail". 
@_date: 2018-08-11 15:30:10
I think some exchanges are already doing it after all in case of a run to withdrawn the BTCs they can always claim that they got hacked (it seems to be a trend these days). I question if all those exchanges that got hacked were simply insolvent due to fractional reserve practices.
@_date: 2017-08-03 23:58:27
Indeed. CPI doesn't always tell the inflation, as the new created currency could be going in other things that are not included in the index (like the housing market or even stocks).
@_date: 2017-08-04 14:10:08
That would create more incentives for people to save and less to enter in debt, which is a good thing for the economy. People should spend only in things they judge necessary, and not for fear of losing the value of their currency.
Sectors where the productivity is always significantly increasing, like the smartphone sector, are examples of a market with deflation of prices. Also, the whole Industrial Revolution in England was a period with deflation, and there was no economic apocalipse because of that.
@_date: 2017-08-10 00:29:55
So A bought 1 BTC yesterday at 3000 USD from someone who is already making a profit.
- A sells to B today at 3100 USD
- Then B sells to C today at 3200 USD
Who's made a loss?
Of course there are people who lose money in the bitcoin market, after all it has fluctuations, but it doesn't necessarily needs a loser for someone to profit.
@_date: 2017-08-10 09:55:29
If A buy again and sell again for even higher he would not lose. Considering the price is always increasing, he would only lose if he's shorting.
I'm not saying someone can't lose money with bitcoin, I'm just saying that the assertion that someone must lose for other to gain is incorrect as this is not the norm only a possibility.
@_date: 2017-08-09 23:52:22
But the seller could be already getting profit if he bought at a lower price, which would occur if the price is always rising (that's what MapRP explained). It's not a zero-sum game.
@_date: 2017-08-10 09:47:22
Considering bitcoin price is always increasing since it's creation (even with fluctuations), a person would not be very smart of selling for a smaller price instead of waiting for the price to go higher to sell.
@_date: 2017-11-05 12:10:30
If that happens, as long as there is demand for bitcoin transactions in the core chain, the price of fees would increase momentarily which would create more incentives to mine bitcoins. Not only new miners would appear but also any miner who decided to leave 2X and go back to the core chain would be making more profit from doing so. It's basically the same reason why cartels don't last long in a free market, because demand guide supply not the other way around.
Some miners are signaling now in an attempt to bring fear and convince users to switch to 2X, but if the users stay in the core chain they will have to make a decision based on what's more profitable for their business (the first miners to move back would be the ones who would profit the most, so it would be a race to see who would process the high fee transactions). If I was a miner I would be signaling to 2X right now in hope that other miners would go to 2X, so I could stay in the 1X chain gaining the profits of the high fees. I think that the majority of miners it's just bluffing, but even if they are not, the problem of small hash power it's probably not gonna last long since the economic incentives of the market will solve the issue. After all, would you rather have a business in a market with a high number of competitors and small number of customers or in a market with a small number of competitors and a high number of customers? That's basically the choice the miners will have after the fork. To mine a small value coin in a very competitive chain, or to mine a high value coin in a chain with less competition.
@_date: 2017-11-03 14:19:05
I don't think a correction strong as you say is going to happen. First, if no new users appears in bitcoin the price will only keep steady (unlike a ponzi scheme which depends uppon new entrants to pay the returns that are garanteed). Second, most investors in bitcoin are not taking credit from loans to invest but instead putting their own savings (so is not like the housing market which was fueled by cheap credit). So far bitcoin showed a behavior similar to gold in times of crisis (like in Brexit) perhaps because of the limited supply and the descentralized way (which makes it not dependable of central banks policy).
@_date: 2017-11-05 13:09:51
How do you know it's not because UASF/BIP148?
@_date: 2018-11-13 23:57:28
/btc is the subreddit that promotes BitcoinCash aka Bcash, which is a fork of the BitcoinCore project (therefore another cryptocurrency).
@_date: 2017-10-16 16:36:21
If the currency is better than the ones from the government than people would want to save their money in it (it's money on a screen that cannot be inflated ad infinitum like fiat currencies). It's very difficult to government to persecute every person who uses bitcoin (it's the same as torrent users) so people would probably still want to use it. It doesn't matter the law, the only thing that matters is if they can enforce the law. Besides, I don't think every single country in the world would ban bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-17 10:04:37
Or maybe it's because the government started printing money like crazy to pay it's own debt which created this hyperinflation that they are experiencing now. They also put price controls which basically made the supply of goods and services inviable with the inflation. On top of that they nationalize a lot of private companies. So basicaly, someone needs to be completely crazy to open a business in Venezuela or even to invest his capital there since the government is constantly trying to screw you over.
@_date: 2017-10-25 18:32:49
Just one thing I forgot to mention.
Is extremely recommended that you mantain your private keys during the fork with a paper wallet, a regular wallet (like Electrum) or a full node wallet (like Bitcoin Core). Here is a link explaining this 
Also this B2X fork does not implement strong replay protection so is recommended that you split you coins after the Segwit2X hardfork to avoid the risk of losing your funds. Here is a website explaining how to do it: 
@_date: 2017-10-16 16:24:51
Even if exchanges are banned, there would still be demand for bitcoins, so the centralized exchanges would be replaced for descentralized exchanges (which already exists but are not a main thing because the centralized ones works well for now).
@_date: 2017-10-25 10:23:58
If the adoption increases then of course the price is also going to increase. You can't expect to increase market cap without increasing the price. And a lot of people uses bitcoin as a store of value, just like people use gold to keep their savings protected from the inflation of fiat. Right now bitcoin is not used that much as a currency but it is mainly used as a store of value because of it's properties (limited supply,  resistance to goverment control, descentralization).
@_date: 2017-09-08 06:34:11
The central bank of Japan kept the interest rate in their country at extremely low levels (not to mention they have been helping firms who struggled). That kept ineficient business afloat whith money of the productive part of the economy, when they should have been bankrupt. These malinvestments should have been liquidated. This is what stagnated their economy, not the deflation of prices. If deflation is so bad for the economy, can you explain then how the entire Industrial Revolution in England ocurred in a period of deflation? And, how did the USA become the first economy while also in a period of deflation? Also, how is it possible that sectors in which prices are always decreasing like electronics are not collapsing? After all, people should have been avoiding buying smartphones since they can always buy a similar device next year at a lower price.
@_date: 2017-10-25 17:19:45
The price depends entirely on the market (if there are people willing to buy this new coin then it won't be worthless). I don't think it will be worthless (at least at the beginning) but also I don't think it will be the same value as bitcoin since I expect a much lower demand for it. Bitcoin Cash for instance is right now around $330 while Bitcoin is more than $5500. If you had bitcoins before the Bitcoin Cash (BCC) hardfork, then you have the same amount of BCC now as you had of BTC at that moment, so you can sell your BCCs for $330 each. The same thing is gonna happen with this new hardfork. 
@_date: 2017-10-25 16:35:46
Well if you already have bitcoins, after the fork you will "earn" the same amount of coins in the new network. So after the fork you could choose to sell your newly acquired B2X coins to trade for more BTC, or to just hold coins in both of the networks (just like what happened in the fork that Bcash was created). The blocksize increase is a very controversial topic. By one hand it allows cheaper transaction fees and also faster confirmations without having to implement second layer solutions (like Lightning Network) by the other hand it centralizes the network since it would be very costly for a common user to run a full node. In this scenario only big machines (probably big miners) would be running full nodes which would give them control over the network (bitcoin was created exactly to avoid the problem with centralization).
@_date: 2017-10-14 19:19:34
The market would still demand the better currency to hold their savings (the one that retains it's purchasing power along the time). All the countries in the world could ban bitcoin but it wouldn't stop people from acquiring it. The only thing that would change would probably be the end of centralized exchanges and the beginning of decentralized exchanges (since the demand for this exchances would increase significantly). The only way to stop bitcoin would be the gov to go totally Orwellian totalitarian level like monitoring the internet activity of every individual, something like requiring your social security number to logon in the internet and arrest you in case you accessed something related to crypto.
@_date: 2017-10-24 14:33:59
The miners will learn that in a free market demand rules.
@_date: 2017-10-25 16:23:44
No. The segwit was introduced in bitcoin through a softfork. What is called segwit2x is the step that several companies agreed upon (in a meeting known as NYA), and is basically a hard fork with the intention of doubling the current block size. The majority of users are agains't it because it will reduce the number of full nodes (since having a full node will be much more costly) therefore centralizing the network. As it will be a hardfork (that will happen in november), a new network will be created (just like bcash) so each user can choose which "coin" they are gonna use. Basically a new coin will be created. People who already have BTC will have the same amount of coins in each network. So if you have 3 BTC, after the fork you will also have 3 units of the coin in the other network (3 B2X). It's the same thing that happen with the hard fork that created Bitcoin Cash (BCC).
@_date: 2017-10-14 22:07:24
From what we've seen so far in the bitcoin market (Brexit, India ban of notes, Venezuela) the behavior it's similar to gold (but much more volatile). In times of economic problems the price of bitcoin would probably increase considerably as people would try to protect their savings in things that have little government interference. People would also probably use bitcoin as a way to move their money to safer places avoiding capital controls, which would also drive the prices up (this already happened when China investors moved their money out of the country).