@_author: lukacola
@_date: 2014-07-14 13:51:52
Is it reasonable to expect the same kind of speed, efficiency, and security that modern digital transactions have at those lower fees though? 
I just don't see bitcoin becoming a mainstream currency, definitely has its use, but not as a replacement for USD or whatever. 
@_date: 2014-11-05 04:45:43
6 years is new
@_date: 2014-06-15 02:11:29
... That's just such a weird statement.
Technology as a force. How is technology a force. 
@_date: 2014-09-02 14:07:37


Absolutely not.
Like anything, it doesn't fall purely on one side or the other.
Everyone is sovereign in name only because there is no formal power protecting their sovereignty, except in special cases such as the relationship between Japan and the US. 
In order to be sovereign other countries have to accept it, it's just that simple. There's usually a host of reasons to accept a country and reasons not to, but that's not so important in this discussion. 
Consider China and Tibet. What it eventually comes down to is whether or not Tibet's much larger neighbor agrees to let Tibet be sovereign. Regardless of whether or not Tibet has a totally functional military of its own, they can never match the strength of China. 
How strong an individual country is doesn't impact its sovereignty when  there are superpowers involved. 
But, like I said, sovereignty is always going to be nominal. There's no official status. If you're sovereign, it's because the world has agreed to it. Not because you performed some arbitrary actions. 
@_date: 2014-07-21 11:34:52
Wasn't hard to find
Not to mention in some video games where they tried to do currencies that were in limited amounts... It never worked. Successful games always have a considerable amount of money coming into it. Hell I remember how cheap some stuff was during GW2's first days, it was a great time to convert gold to gems. 
I know it's just a game but you can learn a lot from them too. 
@_date: 2014-08-02 05:06:23
... Cause Snapchat doesn't need mining equipment? That's a pretty easy answer. I mean that's like using dildos as a metric for how successful Apple is vs a sex shop. No shit Apple hasn't sold as many Dildos. 
Also Bitcoin barely even registers on the radar... Seriously, no numbers back your claims up. You gotta stop listening to this subreddit. 
I mean it's just forbes but at least they're working on more than good faith alone. 
I mean this is just kinda funny but look at the text example google gives. 
This guy puts the volatility of the coin into a pretty easy to understand thing. 
If current trends are anything to indicate it is a ludicrously poor option for a currency. One that can drop or rise by double digit numbers in less than a day is completely unfeasible. 
And I mean at the end of the day if Bitcoin even makes a blip on the government's radar they can kill it overnight. If you can't trade it for dollars anymore, people don't use it. 
It's just not smart to hold onto it that long. People's best bet is to sell while it's at a high price, like now. 
Bitcoin's an interesting thing. It has its uses, but it's just a niche. The technology is interesting and perhaps cryptocurrencies will take off, but it won't be bitcoin. It'll be whatever succeeds it, or whatever succeeds that. If ever. 
@_date: 2014-06-20 17:47:12
My comment was on the "People control the government" 
People make up the government, the current president can't even be considered born into the elite. 
Why the whole "People don't control the government" ?
My comment had nothing to do with democracy or monarchy, well, extremely vaguely sure. But it's hardly the point.
But sure, prove your superiority by making snide remarks and then immediately saying "This is too high thinking for you" when you get a response. That's always great to hear. 
@_date: 2014-07-23 19:03:31
Oh shiiit I remember you


Nice to see someone calling you out on your shit, people like you embarrass the name you're so damn crazy about
@_date: 2014-06-20 17:00:39
Right now a man born to an interracial couple raised by a single mother who grew up experimenting with drugs and made it through university on a scholarship is the most president of the most powerful country in the world.
Clearly the dynasty is real. 
@_date: 2014-06-15 03:03:22
Then why the hell do you use it in the context of a stupid "war" ?
Technology causes change sure, but not in a way that benefits one entity more than the other (well, the one with the most money really)
It's just plain wrong to make it a kind of "technology vs the government"
Also music ain't fuckin' free. The world didn't change. That's like the most insignificant thing to chalk up as a "victory." 
@_date: 2014-07-18 19:00:57
I'm at work and I can't view videos
If you understand it, please use your own words
@_date: 2014-08-02 15:41:00
Just as an FYI, when you try to make your point by sourcing things it's a really good idea *not* to use things that have a vested interest in promoting the coin.
@_date: 2014-07-21 14:52:50
If you're going to say these things you're going to have at least offer reasoning behind them
@_date: 2014-07-31 16:53:18
Yes, government sponsored virtually worthless tokens. 
Which doesn't make it worthless, because unless the country goes under you'll have something to enforce its value. 
@_date: 2014-09-06 05:54:25
And why can't they make friends with big bitcoin holders exactly...? 
@_date: 2014-09-09 21:07:32


Keep fighting the power son, you really know how to make an impact!
@_date: 2014-09-01 17:17:07


I'm not sure you understand what "sovereign" entails.
There's no official document you get from the leviathan of the new world order. Being sovereign basically means others respect you as such, like you become part of a club. 
@_date: 2014-09-27 19:55:27
It sounds more like they opened a checking instead of a savings account, that's not exactly going to last with $20. 
@_date: 2014-07-09 13:26:52


But if we evaluate the information as you say and come up with a different response than you we're "brainwashed"
@_date: 2014-06-27 17:04:08
And what happens to the people he never reaches to give them their money back?
Take a wild guess. 
Spoiler: He makes money, and gets to hold moral superiority! Wow! And the only thing you need is a buncha fools willing to take his word for it! 
@_date: 2014-07-23 18:57:55


This won't happen until USD is somehow no longer supported by the US government or for some bizarre reason all of the US' GDP decreases by 99%.
Neither of those things are gonna happen in our lifetimes, barring some extraordinary circumstances.
@_date: 2014-06-27 16:58:20
So what happens to the money belonging to people he never runs into again...?
I really don't think anyone should be celebrating this guy. If he steals 1200 btc and returns 1000, he's still making a considerable profit. And at the same time regarded as a kind of hero...
@_date: 2014-09-06 22:08:47
Wait... Seriously? That's your basis for that idea...?
It's a bit more complex than them just handing out money to people


Also this is so stupid. "I mean they do it now (according to my logic) but with bitcoins they won't because they just won't you know? Duh." 
@_date: 2014-07-21 14:33:27
Because it doesn't matter what the system is, the wealthy can always become more wealthy. Spending money to earn money is a thing and it's the reason they're wealthy.
Unless you set up a system that heavily punishes wealth, you will see the same problems everywhere.


Best we've come up with so far. I mean the theory is that whatever the market does is the best solution right? So, the market never really stops, and it's not like the market and government are mutually exclusive. 
It's not like the things we've tried in the past and that have failed are worth going back to. When people come up with something better that has proven effective it'll be used. Takes time of course. 
@_date: 2014-06-15 00:27:12


You couldn't possibly be more wrong
Unless you're using a VERY liberal definition of the word "affect" 
@_date: 2014-12-15 04:10:02
By the idea, not in practice.
If I buy all the land around you, and then post guards at the borders to protect my land, then offer you a gracious offer of selling you food and utilities at 20x the amount you were paying earlier, and you accept, was that really voluntary?
I mean, it was by the strict definition of the word. Your alternative was to die. And at no point did I act directly aggressively towards you.
Where do you draw the line? Or would my hypothetical buying of property which happens to inconvenience you be somehow construed as aggressive? And at what point is that the case? 
@_date: 2014-11-17 18:06:16
Then what? 
@_date: 2014-07-31 13:44:14
Lol, they don't own any European gallic tribes. 
I think what you're looking for is "gall" 
@_date: 2014-07-18 17:48:09
You know when you just ignore that the systems in place have been HUGELY successful and just focus on the bad it's a really shitty system
Like when I look at a car and see "This thing uses gas" and ignore everything else, I'm just baffled why anyone would ever buy a car! 
@_date: 2014-08-02 02:59:48
See that's why they make fun of you.
You just completely throw the accepted reality out of the window for your own. 
How do you expect to ever be taken seriously like that? "Oh these guys following a school of thought that has been developed for several centuries know nothing compared to the top minds in this subreddit!"
I mean come on. Be realistic here. 
It doesn't even make sense half the time. I mean a deflationary currency is pretty much proven to be non-functional. 
@_date: 2014-07-21 11:38:20
Yes but you kill investment in a deflationary economy, obviously necessities still need to occur but you have far less people investing into commodities, services, etc. on every level. Yes, commerce will still happen but on a level not even comparable to the kind of trade we see in a steady inflationary economy. Which is why stability is so important, most developed worlds aim for steady inflation, bitcoin can jump from deflation to a sudden significant drop which might be able to prompt a panic which can be the driving force behind a hyper inflation. Hence why I just don't think it has a shot as a currency in its current form. Among other reasons. 
Deflation gives incentives to hoarding which is just a bad thing. 
@_date: 2014-11-17 16:44:47


So... A centralized currency? 
@_date: 2014-07-18 17:48:54


So what's the value behind bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-06-15 00:23:46
Please don't do this
Saving up this kind of money from when you're young is guaranteed to pay off. $1520 could be your first car, it can help pay for college, and you're only 12. You can easily earn more in the meantime.
You may or may not earn more off coins... Chances are you won't. It's a gamble and, nothing against you, a 12 year old is probably not going to come out on top. I can practically guarantee it. 
@_date: 2014-09-09 03:27:57
This is some Austrian bullshit I ain't touching with a ten foot pole.
You take this nutty shit and leave the rest of the world out of it please. 
@_date: 2014-07-14 13:14:17
I thought the point was not to have fees. 
@_date: 2014-12-15 05:38:00
That sounds irresponsible... 
@_date: 2014-07-21 15:32:40
Or they'd just take their business elsewhere, which is what generally happens to a deflationary economy. 
@_date: 2014-07-21 17:50:36


I'm going to guess it's because otherwise it acts as a tax loophole, and obviously that's not really acceptable. Either they do this, tax it, or criminalize it. 


Then it can't perform as a currency. A currency requires widespready acceptance. 


You're gonna have to because I have no idea how this is supposed to work. You can't have one untaxed currency and a taxed currency in the same country, it makes no sense to do so. 
@_date: 2014-09-02 17:24:23


No, THAT is what you said.
@_date: 2014-07-21 04:27:58
Because a stagnant economy is bad for everyone.
It's not so much forced as it just becomes a bad idea to try and turn a profit by not spending money.
Saving money is actually awful for the economy. It's why the announcement of a recession is actually pretty much gonna guarantee the recession, people start saving as much as possible to prepare, when instead widespread spending would actually cause the economy to bounce back.
It's part of a flaw of an overarching problem of collective action.
It's like collecting baggage at an airport. Everyone stands right around the belt, waiting for their thing to come across. If it's crowded, this can make it awful difficult to actually collect your bag. If everyone stood a few feet away and just waited for your bag to show up and walk forward it'd be easy. But if you just wait behind and everyone's up front you'll never be able to find your bag. 
Keynesian economics actually goes pretty far into this concept, and it's what a lot of economists nowadays follow. It's why things like stimulus packages are handed out or why the trickle down theory never really work in practice. The rich are the biggest savers of money, and they won't spend just because they have a surplus. But the poor always have expenses to match, so if you give them money in the form of a stimulus package they'll go right out and spend it again. 
Get it?
@_date: 2014-08-02 03:05:30
Dude, Snapchat grew faster than Bitcoin. 
I think you're overselling it a little. 
@_date: 2014-08-01 14:28:22
It's a sub with 2,000 people in it, this one has 130,000
Why does it come up so much here? 
@_date: 2014-07-21 03:55:33
Hence why inflation is generally what an economy wants, rather than deflation. 
It's often observed in deflationary economies that people hold onto their money instead of spending. Which significantly hurts the economy. Keeping people from storing their money is in everyone's best interests, which is why, should bitcoin ever have a hope at being a currency, people should not be hoping for it to go higher. 
@_date: 2014-06-27 17:01:06
"A good cause"
And you know, pocketing whatever doesn't find its owner back.
Just white hat things
@_date: 2014-07-21 15:30:47


It's hardly "at all costs"
It just promotes growth, which is hardly a negative. I'm not sure why we're suddenly against economic growth. 
Also whether something is possible vs probable are two very different things. Growth is pretty important for a healthy economy, we know that, so why purposely avoid it? 


Performing under a wider range of conditions...? It's money, it performs under all conditions. I'm not sure what the gain is here. They're both going to reflect the nation in the same way, they might be valued differently but they're both in the same boat together. 
@_date: 2014-06-20 19:07:21
It's clear enough you aren't even willing to talk, you'd rather debate your imagined image of me that you're so much better than.
Your goal isn't to talk, it's to prove how right you are. And I'm not going to play that game. 
Leave your smug arrogance at home. I'm sure you're just gonna say "Oh he's avoiding the conversation, clearly he has no response" which you can pat yourself on the back with another time, right now, you're just being a dick and I'm not even going to begin to get into anything with that attitude hanging about. 
@_date: 2014-08-01 14:25:52


Creepy as shit
@_date: 2014-07-21 11:25:31
Eh? This is macroeconomics 101. 
I'm glad you got downvoted or else I'd have no hope for this sub. 
@_date: 2014-12-16 20:38:22


@_date: 2015-05-11 00:13:58
How do you keep people from organizing governments then? 


I don't think you've actually read it... Machiavelli does not encourage rulers to act immorally or in wicked ways, he discourages it greatly and frequently says how arbitrary and pointless cruelty can only lead to failure, and was actually one of the first to stress the importance of maintaining support from the people.
What you said is a popular interpretation for people who never actually read his work. His goal is not simply efficient rule, it's effective rule. Plato wanted efficiency. 
@_date: 2014-06-15 01:21:52
23 hours is 4 days?
Also who won the war...? 
Mate you're naive if you think ISPs don't know people are illegally downloading. There's no war, this is like when kids think they're getting away with watching porn when their father come back and see exactly what they've been up to and simply choose to ignore it.
And I promise you more people have government than internet. And it affects people a hell of a lot more than anything that happens on the internet. But I guess you'd have to know something outside of a sheltered lifestyle in order to realize that. 
@_date: 2014-09-01 17:41:45
What? 
@_date: 2014-10-12 20:33:32
"When all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail"
He's saying when you're this desperate, you'll take anything
@_date: 2014-08-01 14:31:07
"As a therapist I sometimes advise my patients to pursue open relationships"
"Does it ever work out?"
"No they usually delude themselves into thinking it will but it never does... But I think it could work for us!" 
I think I saw this on reddit yesterday, I felt like it was pretty appropriate. 
@_date: 2015-05-30 05:16:12
Man this thread should just be posted on @_date: 2014-07-21 13:56:21


When it comes to economics that's about as ideal as it gets. 
You have to understand that a huge majority of economics is at the mercy of human nature. Humans just make for shitty economies because as a group we make what are ultimately bad decisions for the group at large but beneficial to ourselves. We scare easily and that results in even worse decisions, so governments and the like do the best they can to soften the fall. Doesn't mean you're not gonna fall of course.
Basically economics reflects a nation's current attitude almost. It's very interesting how that is. 


Look, so long as someone has money to spend on ways to make more money (Which can be totally legit too) the rich will get richer. It's called investing and it's a great way to bolster one's income, if you do it right. Thing is, the middle class and poor don't really have spare money to invest. So they just don't have much of that option available. 
It takes some risks to earn money, the rich can afford those risks. That's the most important part of them earning money, not them "Rigging the system to get richer." 
@_date: 2014-07-21 14:05:28
No not exactly, the price won't drop overnight. Inflation happens very steadily and at a very small pace if things are working out right. It doesn't mean you necessarily lose money putting it in a bank, you just have no reason to hoard money as using it will net larger returns than saving it. Ideally money's value wouldn't change at all but that'd never be the case. 
Really it's just a problem with humans being humans. People get scared, and the economy reflects the overall feelings of a nation. It being BTC or USD won't really change that much. 
@_date: 2014-07-21 12:57:35
Alright, ignoring all the dramatization and completely misunderstanding of the principles outlined in macroeconomics 101...


Well you just said it yourself, growth. Economic growth is always sought after. 


It depends, as part of a collective action saving isn't good. If everyone had stable income and spent most of their money you could have a high "efficiency" economy. If goods and money just sit doing nothing, nothing's being accomplished. If you can keep them changing hands, people are getting the goods they need and businesses don't have to waste time and money with shit sitting in a warehouse. Makes everything hunky dory. 
Now it's not that economies can't survive people saving, and it totally make sense from an individual standpoint and saving money is very important. But if saving money were profitable, it'd be done so much that it'd have very negative impacts. 


It's the most followed economics of developed countries, tons and tons and tons of experts work under its principles. Considering you seem to have difficult grasping the why of it, I don't think you're in any position to criticize. 
@_date: 2015-05-11 15:57:31
... Who told you that?
It's part of the core curriculum in political theory courses. It's dead serious and has been instrumental in shaping modern political theory. 
@_date: 2015-05-11 01:53:33


Absolutely, the mere threat of violence could be more than enough to facilitate peace. 


Such a situation is not isolated at all and is quite common. The only reason this situation might be unusual is because one side has yet to completely wipe out the other, which is a bit more common.
Instituting something to deal with that and similar future issues seems pretty fair. Especially one that won't ignore the plight of the downtrodden and works for common welfare rather than the highest bidder. Hell, you could even incorporate the general community, get them involved in the decision making process to make sure their needs are properly represented. 


We know now that military intervention in Rwanda early on would've prevented genocide. All that was needed was the okay for sending in a few hundred more troops to deal with a dozen or so people. 
Now I'm not really advocating for the establishment of a leviathan, but if you don't like the concept of force used to keep people cooperative, you have to accept that there will be more conflict as well. 
The times of greatest conflicts is always when there is no hegemon and power is disputed. Unquestionable power means unquestionable authority, and unquestionable authority is the best thing for preventing conflict.
Not trying to say this is ideal. Absolute power is absolute, I'm sure you're aware of the drawbacks from this. If we have a leviathan, we won't have to worry about conflict, and we won't have to worry about rights either, it means being completely subject to the whim of the state. 
Neither extreme is a positive in my mind. 
@_date: 2014-07-21 13:42:35


You grossly underestimate investors! Yes I mean obviously there's bad investors out there, idiots will be idiots. But it's not as if they lose tons and tons of money in a day. It's a steady inflation, not a hyper inflation. You'd be right in the latter situation, not in the former. 
If you need any evidence look at wallstreet. They have investing down to a fucking science. 
Considering this notion continues on for a few paragraphs I'm gonna skip ahead a bit.


When resources are unallocated, they are not cheaper. They cost money accomplishing nothing. They are a sunk cost. A warehouse filled with 10 million dollars worth of butter isn't 10 million dollars, it's a warehouse filled with unsold butter that puts you in the red until you can get rid of it. 


I'm really not sure where the "more comfortably" idea comes from. A country that doesn't invest is going to inevitably less high tech and have far far far less innovation than a country that does. It sure as hell wouldn't work for America for instance. Investment drives the economy, investing is what drives progression. You can't, for instance, develop a big new car without companies willing to invest in the R&amp;D for it. 


Well yeah, because that sort of deflation applies to actual currencies. Bitcoin is a commodity at the moment. 


Well yeah, that's the ultimate problem with hoarding. Wealth is relative, if everyone's money increases in value you've not really made anyone wealthier. Your money can now buy more foreign goods, but makes exports worth less. I'm not too familiar with micro economics, but as I understand that's the gist of it. It reduces foreign spending in your goods (which you want) and only increases wealth on paper. 
It's definitely a complicated issue, but the general consensus among economists is that inflation good, deflation bad. At least if you have to choose one or the other. 
@_date: 2015-05-09 22:14:35
I'm not sure most people give enough of a shit about that.
Actually, I'm pretty sure a strong majority gives almost zero shits. 
@_date: 2014-08-01 23:31:55
I think they just kinda enjoy having a laugh at stuff like what you say...
I mean sure you can call it an interesting technology but when the majority of economists have little faith in its capabilities you gotta wonder don't you? 
@_date: 2015-05-11 01:09:54
Why would either side ever agree to pay the other? They both feel as if they were in the right, and I doubt they'd ever agree as to what the value of each person is. They'd also need some sort of mutual ground to allow for communication. 
So your answer is to let them continue as I understand it? 
Is that not amoral? Inaction is going to result in significant death and suffering. 
@_date: 2015-05-11 00:36:53
I don't think such an answer is sufficient. Try to address it in no uncertain terms. 


Right, cause how a person operates in an established and stable area is totally comparable to the anarchy that is international politics.
Let me ask a more direct question then.
How do you deal with disputes? Let's say the Hendersons and the Ackermans shoot each other on sight, knowing that the others will do the same. These two families have done so for decades, and those who knew what the original dispute started over are dead. Neither side seems to get an edge over the other, and both are mostly acting in order to protect themselves during their daily routines.
I can give you a pretty easy answer. But I'm curious as to what yours would be. 
And don't rephrase the issue. Address it directly, or say you would consider such a scenario acceptable and wouldn't want it changed. Whatever allows you to answer it.
I don't think it's really an unfair question. 
@_date: 2014-08-06 17:51:51
What bank...? Last time I opened an account they gave me $25. 
@_date: 2015-05-27 05:59:02
You could always go ahead and practice civil disobedience like they did if you think you have a point to make...
You know what that meant right? It meant being arrested, going forth, and knowing that would happen, and then above all, allowing it to happen.
Through that they showed the injustice in the system.
Do yo think you'd leave a similar impression? 
@_date: 2015-05-10 21:51:12
Right but there's a good chance that'll mean another country will come in and try to claim it as their own.
Taiwan's the quintessential example of this, they claim to be independent, China claims it's theirs, only a minority of the international community recognizes Taiwan as sovereign despite in many ways being so. 
@_date: 2015-05-11 02:04:53
Ignoring the past is condemning the future.
The fact that you dismissed everything I just said by saying "What we know doesn't matter, it *might* be different this time" is the height of ignorance. 
Then again, as you said, this is Not a lot of people here learn from mistakes. 
@_date: 2014-09-02 15:57:09
Well then the statement "Most will become nominally sovereign over time" is pretty silly, since that is already the case.
There's like, what, 200 states in the world? And a handful of superpowers? 
Oh and sorry for saying what is so blatantly obvious, but what you said wasn't necessarily true. It is not "de facto" dependent. Most countries aren't. But most countries are only nominally sovereign.
@_date: 2015-01-19 23:40:43
In dutch "Schuld" means "fault"
According to this it means debt, but I've never seen it used that way either
@_date: 2015-01-18 20:02:26


And how the two nations operate are vastly different... We're talking about juries and specific elements of US law, yet you want to bring german laws into it? That's nonsense. 


Not just the laws, but german government and its operation. In order to understand that on the same level I understand US government I'd need far more time than is available. 
Never used this word or even alluded to it.
I have not once said that because a law exists it is moral, justifiable, or whatever you wanna say. 
I have simply stated that if a majority wants something, they create a system that accomplishes that.
I'm not saying it's justified, morally correct, or whatever. I am specifically avoiding statements like that because it's a stupid discussion to have. It's like debating over color or taste. 
Literally all I have been saying is I don't care whether or not you think a law is just, unjust, or whatever. Jury nullification is not appropriate when there are perfectly good alternatives. And no, this is not Nazi Germany, this isn't 19th century America, this is 21st century America. This is the situation we're in. Why tailor the argument for the extreme? It's not relevant.  


... So let me get this straight.
You have a territory, right? And inside it you have 100 people. 20 people subscribe to rule A, 30 subscribe to rule B, 50 subscribe to rule C. And each of those groups have their own law enforcement, presumably. 
Now since this is the opposite of nations and they're all within the same territory, members of group A are intermingled with members of group C regularly and may even share the same home, yeah? 
Now, if a member of group A who feels murder is OK decides to kill a member of group C who does not subscribe to that, does group C take down the member of group A? Group A will do nothing about it, but group C just had a huge crime caused against them. Does that mean the local law goes after group A or doesn't? And what if it happens in group B's home? Who gets involved?
What if the person in question didn't have a clear group he belongs to? Does he get no protection under the law? Is he not responsible for any laws of other groups he breaks? 
Now in the context of nations this'd be an international incident and the territory that the murder occurred in would be the one where the law applies and is enforced. 
But you're saying the law does not apply to territory but instead to those who subscribe to it. So I imagine you'd have something like IDs that say what group you're a part of, yeah?
So if this happens in the scenario I'd laid out, how is that resolved? 
@_date: 2015-01-18 04:48:58


... I never said that. Nor do I see how it's relevant. I have repeatedly actually stated that if you feel the need to change a law, you should do so. Just through the proper channels instead of trying to take the easy and arguably immoral route. 
Honestly, if your only way to make a point is to put words in my mouth, why am I even talking? You clearly just want someone to echo your thoughts. 


Not for lack of trying. You keep saying vacuous things though and expect me to fill in the rest. And then it's my fault for not understanding your argument.
Makes sense.
I suppose you're never going to answer some of my questions? Cause clearly that's totally not me giving you the opportunity to better explain... 
If you cannot even do that, how can you believe this idea? If my beliefs were so weak, I wouldn't consider them beliefs. 
@_date: 2015-01-18 00:03:17
Why should I care what some law student rambles on about? 
I mean it doesn't even seem particularly well read or high brow. He immediately goes on about statism as if it's even relevant, makes broad assumptions right off the bat, and keeps talking about what people think and how academics have missed this and that and blah blah blah. And I mean the time he spends talking about statists this and that. 
Why should I pay any attention at all to the ideas one guy came up with that only exist because one echo chamber reinforces it? I mean it's not even published by a respected publisher. Instead he had to get people who already agreed with him before he said it to publish it. Hell, it's not even peer reviewed. So what gives it validity? 
Compare that with something like Hobbe's "Leviathan" and you wanna act like it's something significant? 
So let me guess, the argument basically comes down to "It's the government that's doing it, therefore it's wrong." 
If government has such a strong monopoly on law, it's not very good at preventing members of the public from changing it is it? 
So use your own words. Don't just parrot some no-name. Honestly.
@_date: 2015-01-18 04:03:15
"An idealist observes that rose petals smell nice and concludes they would work well in the soup."
Laws that you can choose not to follow are not laws at all... It's the same as a law unenforced.
And I have no idea how you figure you wouldn't need to move to another state. So what, can I just say "I want to live in a society that doesn't outlaw thievery, but I don't expect to have to move."
And isn't the risk of factions pretty damn significant? You know a great way to have something imposed on you is by leaving a power vacuum.
I mean. It just makes no sense at all. You're essentially talking about feudalism. Except where people just all agree to respect each other's decisions. A society built on good will is not sustainable, not even in the short term. 
And that still doesn't answer the question of why you can't just go through the normal legal processes. Considering how much you seem to avoid the jury nullification thing, you either didn't think it through at all, or just decided to use this opportunity to preach your ideology... 
@_date: 2015-01-17 16:51:24
Just because you don't agree with the law doesn't mean it's flawed. 
You might call it a victimless crime, but the law exists and is actively enforced and any debate around it is largely ideological. 
If you have a problem with a law, you go through the legislative processes. You don't attempt to bypass them with jury nullification, and you won't get it to work, because that's not the purpose of jury nullification. I mean how absurd would it be that they give the power to interpret a law to a handful of completely random unqualified individuals? 
That's just madness. 
@_date: 2015-01-18 17:26:13


Not exactly. It's a slow and difficult process, but that's precisely why you should go through it. If someone or something can seize power quickly, that's hardly a good thing, is it? It needs to be slow, so that people have time to see whether or not they really want something. 


They seceded through military force and civil uprising. It was a revolution. They didn't "simply nullify them" and then England left. Doesn't work that way. 
Totally irrelevant to the court room. Unless you plan to bring a gun next time and threaten to kill everyone else if they don't vote innocent... Because that's what it means to have a revolution. 


I think it's a bit ignorant to assume you or I would be as against these laws today as we are now. You know, when Huck Finn decides he's going to save the slave Jim he tells himself "Okay, so I'll go to hell" because as he understands it, he's aiding in the escape in the property of the woman who helped raise him. He's stealing from someone who has done a lot for him, and he knows that's wrong, at least he's been raised to think that way. But he still does it because he wants to help Jim. He's a very forward thinking individual in many ways. But even he thought what he was doing was wrong.
So of course it's easy for you to say how bad a person I am because I would likely not try a jury nullification in such a situation. 
Because I know, like the time period, I would likely think differently than I do now. I'd be raised under different . You would too. Course, I'm not defending the practice.
But even if I had problems with it, far be it from me to try to impose my ideals and completely subvert the lawmaking process in that situation. Just because I and some others might feel that way. That's not the role of the jury, very simple. 
If you ask me that's the immoral act. For a handful of people to decide what is and isn't right, and subvert the efforts of the majority. 
If you have a problem with a law, you do it through the system that was established precisely so that you can change the law. If you can't do that, you clearly don't have support to change it.
So why do you get to decide what's immoral and what isn't? 
I don't think I and six other people have that right just because we think we know better.
So why do you think you do? 
@_date: 2015-01-18 04:22:05
I am not seeing what part of this is relevant to jury nullification.
And seriously, why should I do your research for you? Shouldn't you be posting the relevant part so that I know exactly what you're talking about? The federalist papers are broad and the last one is the longest of them all.
I honestly get the impression that you don't actually know its contents. The word "nullification" doesn't appear a single time. It looks to me like he's focusing more on the issues of civil cases and their juries.
And I don't see how that's relevant. 
If I had to guess, you heard someone say something to this effect in the past, and since it fell in line with your views, you believed him. I mean I really don't expect anyone to read paper  of all of them for fun, it's not exactly light reading, and it's very easy to misunderstand because of how old the English is.
I don't think you've actually researched this. What makes it worse is that you're telling me to "educate myself" as if you expect even the educated to know all the federalist papers by memory. I honestly think you're kind of full of shit. But that would be par for the course in this thread...
@_date: 2015-01-18 04:44:27
You didn't answer the question. What part of federalist paper  refers to jury nullification...? 


Okay, so? 
That has nothing to do with your claim. 


"None are so empty as those who are full of themselves"
@_date: 2015-01-18 08:20:17


Seriously... For fuck's sake, quote me. Put your money where your mouth is. And stop putting words into mine. At least I don't misrepresent someone else's argument in order to make my own. That's just low. 


That's a human thing, not a democratic thing.
I bet you dress according to latest styles. I bet you speak as others expect you to. I'm sure you have tons of things imposed on you constantly that have nothing to do with government.
Look, just think for a minute... 
What is the world if not organized via polycentric law or whatever you wanna call it? Groups of people claiming their own little plots of land for themselves. 
So, let me ask. In your ideal society, what happens when there is dispute? Without a monopoly, there is competition. And this competition tends to manifest itself with conflict. Competition is good in a controlled environment. But if there's no final authority, what stops someone from seizing control? 
I want to hear this in your words. Because I can't ask a paper questions. And I can't discuss things with it. But I don't think you have any real intention of discussing these things you like so much. I don't think you even understand them that well. But this ideal lets you smoke pot without worrying so obviously it must be right, right? 


I dismissed it first and foremost because it's a flawed ideal at its core. The fact that he's a nobody and his paper wasn't considered important reinforced that idea. 


My echo chamber is quite large and regularly sees critique, research, and has a large and diverse portfolio of individuals working within it. And not once in my echo chamber have I heard these ideas once mentioned. Not in formal studies, not in casual speech, not in textbooks, not by professors or academics. My echo chamber discusses many ideas, even ones that do not see much success and are generally not broadly studied such as marxism as certain tenets of it are valuable to understand. Yet the ideas you push are exactly what we learn does not work.
There's a reason you're part of a minority ideology. It's not that you guys are somehow more capable. If anything it's the opposite. 
You consistently ignore and evade the facts. And act as if because your ideal has never even been partially realized that means you can't criticize it because it works on paper, rather than being able to see that it is precisely that lack of realization that makes it a worthless ideal. It is inherently flawed. It can't manifest. And if it would, it would collapse nearly instantly.
But I doubt you care to read anything from me. After all, I'm sure I'm just some statist whatever in your mind. No need to listen to my words. Why not just link me someone's else's thoughts you want to parrot and continue to not put any effort into your posts? It really proves your resolve you know? 
@_date: 2015-01-17 17:48:17


That's like asking if government declared picking one's nose illegal...
It's pointless to talk about because it won't. There's no precedence for it.
And again, it wouldn't be relevant what I'd do. That's not the purpose of a jury. When you're asked to be a juror the question is not "Do you agree with this law?" the question is "Do you think this person has violated this law?"
Your personal opinion of the law doesn't matter. And if it gets in the way of your decision, you're not really fit for jury. 
I think you're confusing what the role of a jury is. You're just supposed to be there to make sure everything is going as it should. A jury is just another check. A jury has no real power and it's not even really necessary. But it does ensure that proper trial proceedings are followed and that the decision is ultimately put into the hands of someone who does not have a conflict of interests...
If a jury member goes in trying to do something about a law, that is a conflict of interests, and they are not fit for jury duty. 


In all my US history, law, and political science classes, this is the first I've heard of it. Got anything at all to back up that claim? 
Jury nullification isn't even an actual power. There's a reason courts avoid it. You can't appeal an acquittal after all. 
@_date: 2015-01-18 18:32:26


That's not a possible scenario. So why even bother?
Man, this is just going in circles.
There's no point discussing morals and law with someone who can't separate the two. And on top of that, believes his morals to be immutable or unquestionable. 
@_date: 2015-01-18 20:07:07
A hypothetical only has value if it relates to the discussion in some way. Discussing overly imaginative "what ifs" doesn't really lead to anything. It's like, let's discuss law in a hypothetical martian society with no clear comparisons to our own! That's useful! 




I dunno, you live here. If you have such an ethical conflict with the laws here, why do you live here? 
I know why, who would want to leave? Life is pretty good here. And it doesn't sound like you want to put in the leg work to actually change the law, so I can only assume you have already bailed on your ethics.
So I dunno man, what's the purpose of having ethics if you're gonna bail on them when it stops being convenient? 
Because if you have a problem with the law, jury nullification isn't how you change the law. You just end up messing up one case. Hence why jury nullification should only be used in strange cases where the law doesn't really work.
If you disagree with the law, this is not the way to do it.
Very simple. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 16:47:15
Law and its interpretation is not up to you and a small group of people. 
You completely bypass a system that makes it intentionally difficult to change law and you do it with a handful of unqualified people.
And you think that's something that should be done on the regular?
That's completely absurd. The country isn't supposed to be run on laws you decide. And a good thing too.
Really, it sounds like you want the country to be something it's not. And I mean, have you really even thought it through? From a legal standpoint what you're talking about is juvenile and irresponsible. 
A jury isn't the time to practice your ideology. Hence why you'd be considered unfit to be a juror. What don't you get about that? 
@_date: 2015-01-18 18:45:33
Christ, first off, it wouldn't apply because Germany doesn't follow US law. I don't know German law so well, so I can't really speak to it. Most importantly, that has nothing to do with the matter at hand. 
But keep drawing false equivalencies. It speaks well for your argument when you need to take it to the extremes in order to find find fault in mine. I mean seriously, you're comparing the fact that it's illegal to sell drugs to the holocaust? Are you that fucking desperate to make a point? That's fucked up. 
And finally, legal =/= moral. Try to understand the two are separate. Even if laws are built off of morals, they are not the same. 


Sounds like nations to me. Care to explain the significant difference? Or are you gonna tell me you're not able to leave the US? 
You keep saying "you don't understand" and then making no effort to explain.
How can you claim to understand yourself if you can't answer simple questions? 


I can't even say the same thing to you because you don't even bother to defend your ideas. You don't even respond to questions regarding it. 
And really, logical inconsistencies? The only logical inconsistencies you've found has been through misinterpreting my words. I feel like it's almost intentional with how consistently you do it. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 21:38:23
That's an absurd assertion. A monopoly on laws?
Look, if you want to change a law, there are ways of doing that. 
Of course, if you can't get support for what you want to do then you're not gonna be able to do it. That's how it's supposed to be. 
You want to override the systems in place which are there in order to make it more difficult for unpopular laws to be passed. 
And you think that somehow puts you in the right? 
Yeah, okay. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 16:58:50
... I'm not sure which one of them you're referring to that is relevant here. 
I don't think you understand this subject honestly if you're saying that...
I mean, the founders of our country put law making into the hand of the legislature. Not a jury. Law interpretation is in the hands of the courts.
The system is absolutely not decide so that 7 people can decide they do or do not like a law. That is absolutely not the purpose of a jury. 
@_date: 2015-01-18 02:58:48
Okay, let's start with this. 
The crime in question, exactly? 
@_date: 2015-01-18 03:20:39
Untaxed income hurts the economy. Which is bad for everyone.
And drugs are generally illegal for various reasons. Health concerns, safety concerns, economic concerns... They're seen as enough of a problem that people feel a need to limit their use on a wide scale. 
Whether those reasons are good enough for you is irrelevant, your morals are not necessarily better than the morals of others. And I see no reason you can't go through the normal judicial processes to appeal the law. If you think your morals are self-evident, you should be able to get majority appeal, no? 
And don't try to tell me it's impossible. Look at Marijuana. With support, laws change. It's that simple. 
And wow, it's almost like the states get to decide their laws... It's almost like there isn't a monopoly is there? 
@_date: 2015-01-17 17:07:35
That's really irrelevant... The more you talk, the more I get the impression you don't have a clue. 
@_date: 2015-01-18 17:20:48
Do you remember the context of that discussion? He kept asking me if I would participate as a jury member in a case regarding a law that is now considered immoral.
I was repeating that right or wrong was irrelevant, because how I feel about a law has no bearing on my (hypothetical) stance as a jury member.
If I said law trumped morals, that wouldn't even make sense. Laws are built around morals. 
If you want to change a law and therefore say "these moral values and their enforcement needs to be change" you need to convince a majority because those are the ones who are going to have the most say when it comes to morals. The louder voice prevails after all. Like it or not, that's a fact of life. 
If you and 6 other people decide everyone else is wrong and you interpret the law differently as a result despite it not being your place to do so, you're essentially doing a power grab. If you ask me, that's immoral. You're basically saying "Screw what everyone else says, they're wrong, and if I can't convince them, I'll force it."
Even if you feel a law is wrong. Seizing counter-majoritarian power with zero accountability is not appropriate for society. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 08:01:23
Jury nullification is not something you should be going into a courtroom with that idea in mind... It means you're not actually concerned with the case, but instead are concerned with the law itself. That clearly means you do not have the intention of ruling within the case itself and instead will judge based on ideology, that makes you unfit to be a juror. 
Jury nullification is something that should be practiced if all else fails. 
I really don't see how it's at all appropriate in this situation. 
@_date: 2015-01-18 02:48:55


You mean like how nations form their own borders and laws...


And what about them is in conflict? Why are you saying that? Just because there's a law you don't agree with, you think it's immoral? That's a pretty big fallacy. 
@_date: 2015-05-10 21:57:10
A country is recognized as a country if it is recognized by other countries.
It is essentially a club membership.
Yes, it is circular in its reasoning, no there's no criteria for establishing a country. After awhile, a disputed area settles in some way, and people accept that. 
If you wanna dismiss all that, then that's your prerogative. It will have no bearing on the rest of the world though. 
The bottom line is you're trying to find logic in something that is inherently illogical. Unless you're willing to accept this, you're never going to be able to discuss it. 
@_date: 2015-05-10 21:46:30
So uh, how do you propose you keep criminals out if everyone who uses violence against others is one?
Look, this dilemma has been grappled with for thousands of years now. 
You might wanna try reading "The Prince" which is a very short book on the political theory surrounding the subject of might makes right. It's very clear and concise. So give it a shot. 
@_date: 2015-05-11 16:05:51
Isolated incidents...?
What about conflicts arising between two factions is isolated, it's entirely expected. Nothing isolated about them. You should really stop trying to change the facts and face things as they are. You seem to be really evasive when discussing things, never really looking at it directly and instead assuming something will happen to make things work in your argument's favor. 


A government doesn't need to use force under every circumstances, and under most it doesn't. If worse comes to worse, it has that option available though, which is completely crucial to stability.
That way you phrase it makes it sound like every government is fascist. 
A monopoly on violence is important however, monopolies stifle competition. It's in many ways a good thing when there aren't power struggles.
Just look to areas without a monopoly on violence, one in which the state's authority is in question, those are some of biggest sources of pointless killing and violence that exist.
You seem to be under the impression that without systemic violence there will be no violence. As if conflicts and their final resolution (violence) will cease to exist. 
Systemic violence is a favorable alternative to arbitrary and anarchic violence. The first one can be controlled and shaped in ways we might deem acceptable, the second is not, lack of control does not bring stability, and instability of course brings further conflict. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 18:43:03


Again, the question is not whether or not it's wrong or not. That's totally irrelevant. 


Laws aren't a question of what's right or wrong. What you might feel is wrong someone else might feel is right, and vice versa. If more people agree that something is worth punishing because they want to create disincentive for it, they make laws against that. They can also overturn those laws if enough people change their opinion on that subject. That's how our society operates. 


See above. 


Again, that's neither here nor there. Even if I disagreed with the law, the jury isn't the place for me to do it. 
Look, I know a lot of people conflate politics and law but they're two separate entities when it comes to a court and courts try to separate the two so that everyone gets equal treatment under the law. If you bring your ideologies into a court, you're not going to make a decision as a juror but rather as an activist. And that's not appropriate.
That's something you and others here need to understand. Law isn't about right or wrong or fair and unfair. It's supposed to be as impartial as possible. 
If you disagree with a law, talk to your representatives, campaign, work with your local government. Yes, it's difficult, it's supposed to be. That's why jury nullification is not a part of official proceedings. 7 random people are not enough to represent a nation, let alone a county. 


What would I call everything? I wouldn't have a single word for it. If I could sum up years of conflict, dissent, and political maneuvering in one word that word better have been created just to describe that. And I would certainly not call it nullification. That doesn't even make sense. 
@_date: 2015-05-11 00:50:27
That in no way answers the question. You are naming two things that you believe will take care of the issue, you don't describe at all what they would do.
I'm asking you what would need to be done to resolve the problem. Not who would do it. 
@_date: 2015-04-11 23:36:18
I don't know where you're quoting that from, but it should probably include the fact that the CPPA was struck down shortly after. 
@_date: 2015-04-11 22:53:47
Not in the US
CP is illegal *precisely* because it requires the abuse of children to be made
That is the driving element behind relevant supreme court decisions
@_date: 2015-04-12 15:06:40


Which is why CP is illegal... To make it, it requires the abuse of a child.
This is a large driver behind the relevant supreme court decisions, they don't give a shit how uncomfortable people are with it, but the existence of it violates other laws, therefore it is illegal.
@_date: 2015-03-13 20:43:32


That's an incredibly anti-intellectual statement... Like, mind-mindbogglingly ignorant thing to say. But I guess if you don't believe me, that's reason enough for me to walk away as if I'm automatically in the right. 
@_date: 2015-03-04 15:52:09
Bitcoin doesn't exist in a vacuum, you can't just brush off a criticism by saying "Oh it was something other than bitcoin's fault" when the way bitcoin work does nothing to prevent it. 
@_date: 2015-03-30 04:36:24
What you quoted repeatedly says "United states court" which is a pretty different body from senators. 
What does this have to do with senators?
@_date: 2015-03-13 20:34:50
That's not the same as not being able to file, on top of that, there's options for those who can't get their parent's tax information you know? 
Unless your parents outright refuse to give their information or something similar (which then seems odd to blame anyone but them) you shouldn't have a problem. 
@_date: 2015-02-21 19:56:48


What do you think the purpose of courts and juries are? 
@_date: 2015-02-01 02:29:24
1980 was $3.10
@_date: 2015-02-11 19:19:06
I'm sure the people accused of bombing the boston marathon will feel happy after hearing this information. 
@_date: 2015-02-15 06:48:18
The fact this got upvoted at all is hilarious... 
@_date: 2015-03-04 06:51:45
Maybe it's because they never got an argument back that wasn't some dumb shit about trolling...? 
@_date: 2015-02-01 02:15:24
I'm guessing you also make more than $3 an hour now too. 
@_date: 2015-03-13 17:03:10


What are you talking about? College students do this constantly. 