@_author: lukelc
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:43:35
TBH, yeah, but not because of the dips per se. My BTC is in a pretty good place since I bought a while back and have only dipped my toes here and there since. I don't necessarily intend to pull out of it anytime soon. But the more time goes on, the more I doubt Bitcoin in particular is the future of crypto, so I'm not as enthusiastic about putting any more stock in it. I'd rather wait, see where my existing BTC goes, and see what crypto ends up superseding it.
@_date: 2017-12-07 20:25:50
A tax expert can correct me if I'm wrong here, but in this case it's not capital gains since you're making a regular transaction. Tax would be payed on the car itself during the purchase process instead.
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:59:18
Umm, you do realize this is being added in response to allegations of insider trading? Coinbase/GDAX has essentially just placed a new rule on their own heads to make it quite clear they don't support the practice, and insider trading is breaking their own TOS.
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:06:33
Well, what's irrelevant is the currency, as long as it has an equivalent value in USD. You could buy a car in Indian rupees if the dealer accepted that and it would only make one tax event. The value in USD of the currency exchanged at the time would be recorded and treated as USD for tax purposes. Unless I'm mistaken, the same is true for Bitcoin.
Now, you *could* sell your Bitcoin for USD and then use that to buy a car. In that case you *would* have to both report capital gains and pay your sales tax, because it's two separate transactions and two separate tax events.
@_date: 2017-12-20 22:31:12
"Company A is untrustworthy, therefore Company B is trustworthy."
I'm not opposed to Gemini in principle, but this type of logic makes me want to stay as far away from it as possible.
@_date: 2017-12-01 00:03:14
Their service has said Bitcoin buying transactions aren't available all day. Not sure if an official explanation has been given yet.
@_date: 2017-12-12 19:31:38
Too soon. Further abstracting Bitcoin is just one more obstacle to comprehending it for the general public. Keep it literal for now.
@_date: 2018-10-02 05:44:13
No disrespect to Berners-Lee or the Solid project, but I've got a feeling the hill to climb is higher than he's anticipating. No one "cares" that he created the worldwide web. No one is waiting for his "second coming" like the articles make it sound. The internet is bigger than him. It's not his creation anymore. That's not a criticism, that's just the reality of the *billions* of average internet users who give away their personal data because it's the most convenient thing for them. The internet of today is the internet chosen "by the people," like it or not. And they won't choose for it to be any other way unless it is equally as convenient and compelling as the alternative.
Solid makes a proposal that requires users to *care* about their personal data first, then go out of their way to take action to protect it. And if setting up and using a Solid pod isn't *the* most user-friendly thing on the planet, the majority won't bother. In fact, I'd wager the whole thing seems incredibly abstract to most people out there.
Obviously it's early days, but for a project of such ambitions I would expect a much better start. The reason HTTP was such a success is in the name: it's a protocol. Solid is just a service competing against other services, and both the Inrupt and Solid websites are, frankly, terrible at promoting and explaining that service. All the big tech corporations are under no threat so long as they can comfortably choose to simply not support Solid without losing customers. And let's face it: it's going to be a very long time before anyone gives up their Google account.
@_date: 2019-08-11 04:21:40
Expanding education to a younger age group and increasing teacher salaries within the current institutions. Unless the institution itself is reformed (or as I'd prefer, rebuilt) the schools themselves will find ways to turn that into higher tuition for more years squeezed out of each kid. The alternative of vocational training (which I'm 100% behind, by the way) is not enough incentive to sway mainstream perception of college degrees when there's a vested interest in keeping degrees a perceived necessity. Add UBI and schools will find a way to justify eating that with their fees too.
@_date: 2019-08-10 22:45:23
IMO the income problem is caused by the education system. We have a system that says "get educated to make money", and also, "make money to get educated." The current patch to this broken system is debt, another broken system. UBI would merely replace debt (for those who use it wisely) without solving the deeper problem, and would likely cause problems of its own for those who don't use it wisely.
The thing that no president would do is completely remodel the education system from daycare to university so that money goes directly to teachers rather than institutions. If that change was made, the economy would be radically different in two generations. The competition among teachers would favor good teachers, the cost of education would decrease dramatically, and people would get good educations that produce good jobs.
Any attempt to work around the broken education system at the heart of the country's financial problems is just, well, working around the problem.
@_date: 2019-08-11 04:09:36
For sure, historically, there are multiple causes. But on a personal, average Joe level, the education system is at the root of many problems in Western society right now.
@_date: 2019-08-10 23:55:58
By pumping more money into the institutions. His analysis of the symptoms is spot-on, and I couldn't agree more on the point of focusing high school on life skills. But making education into an even bigger money machine would overshadow any good the rest of his policies would do.
@_date: 2018-06-30 16:13:01
This is fine.
@_date: 2019-02-06 15:50:12
This is all extremely standard for the time. Also less mainstream than computer usage is today, but chances are if you were a computer user in the first place these instructions would have made total sense.
@_date: 2018-04-13 03:12:21
Yeah, Woz is the best part of Apple, but there is a term for that type of fallacy and it's called "argument from authority." I don't think he necessarily intended it that way, but it certainly comes across like that.