@_author: lukifer
@_date: 2018-01-05 22:30:07
Cryptocoins are such a new category of asset, no prior concept really maps cleanly. One might as well ask what kind of boat the Saturn V is. Blockchains are:
- A peer-to-peer bank (but not really)
- An economic community (but not really)
- A distributed government (but not really)
- A networked operating system (but not really)
- A cloud software infrastructure (but not really)
- A reliable [history book]( (but not really)
It's not exactly true that coins are backed by nothing; they're backed by a worldwide network of hardware, software, and developers. But it's true that the network is deeply unproven in real-world economics (at least proportionally to its market cap), and its value could evaporate at any moment.
Crypto is about as absurd of a long-shot investment as the average tech startup with no revenue and no business model. Whether that qualifies as a pyramid scheme depends on who you ask. :)
@_date: 2017-12-01 16:08:43
This is already true for fiat, in terms of opportunity cost (stock market, mutual funds, etc). And theoretically, the incentive to hoard is equal between the seller and the buyer, and therefore baked into the price. A deflationary currency is no different than a reliable stock that has a consistent increase in value, and people buy and sell those all the time.
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:06:53
Not necessarily. That investment may be used for zero-sum leverage (rent-seeking, market manipulation) rather than non-zero-sum wealth creation.
But the micro-economic effect is the same, regardless of whether or not an investment results in macro-economic growth. Spending BTC0.01 on groceries is no different than selling a $100 stock to buy groceries, or spending $100 in fiat which otherwise could have been spent on the BTC *or* the stock. (Transaction overhead notwithstanding.)
@_date: 2014-03-18 18:58:46
I strongly recommend the book by the author of this piece: [Debt: The First 5000 Years]( which explores the historical and anthropological roots of money and debt, and their relation to war, slavery and the state.
@_date: 2014-09-11 03:14:31
I haven't reviewed the API policies for Apple Pay, but now that they're no longer blocking BTC wallet apps, I wonder about the possibilities of paying with crypto, and the merchant seamlessly receiving fiat via NFC, with some arbitrary payment processor converting them in between.
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:22:57
This is legit. Details: 
The short version is that asteroids are easy to stop if we see them early, and a catastrophic asteroid impact is a "when", not an if. Ed Lu's telescopes have real potential to preserve the long-term survival of the human race.
@_date: 2014-12-28 20:41:38


Comparisons are frequently made to the early days of the internet. But there is no one thing that brought the internet to prominence among regular people. Here's a non-comprehensive list of independent developments that took internet from a nerd fringe twenty years ago to the ubiquity we enjoy today:
- Moore's Law and component commoditization bringing home PCs down to $500-1000
- Massive public and private investment in fiber backbone and last-mile cable/DSL broadband
- Free and open software infrastructure, both on the OS stack (Linux, Apache) and application stack (MySQL, PHP, Python, Ruby, Java, plus a galaxy of libraries and frameworks)
- Years of "standards wars" to converge web standards to something that kinda-sorta-almost offers a common platform for all devices
- A steady push of educational resources to teach computing skills and concepts to both kids and adults, which continues even today
- "Killer apps" that made the internet actually useful to regular folk: Google, eBay, YouTube, etc.
No single one of these was the magic bullet. It tooks decades of work, both intentionally planned and unintentionally emergent. The crypto-economy is likely to follow a similar path, and I wouldn't expect regular folk to start paying any attention to it whatsoever for at least another decade (barring external sociopolitical factors like a massive fiat currency collapse).
@_date: 2014-02-18 20:29:31
If I'm understanding, I think the idea is that you can buy gift cards which are immediately redeemable through your phone, and in the exact amount for a single purchase ($124.68). This means you can effectively shop in supported brick-and-mortar stores using BitCoins, even though you have to jump through some hoops. I for one think that's kinda neat.
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:37:35
The possibilities are quite simple:
1. It wasn't actually a cold wallet.
2. Humans practiced bad accounting practices with transferring between hot and cold wallets, probably through inaccurate data from faulty software, and no one bothered to verify the numbers against the actual blockchain.
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:29:32
In fairness: many also questioned how sloppy-looking the Snowden docs were, and they turned out to be real. It's possible that the leaked document is just that poorly written.
@_date: 2014-11-05 19:19:40
"Power resides where men believe it resides." 
All political power is backed by belief, whether in people, systems, states, gods, or money.
@_date: 2014-02-21 01:59:50
Hypothetically, they could switch to another SHA256 coin, like PeerCoin.
@_date: 2014-03-01 03:04:42
1. There is a practical example where deflation hasn't mattered: technology purchases. The purchasing power of the dollar for electronics goes up drastically every year, yet people still buy new computers when they want/need them.
2. The seller's incentive to acquire is mathematically equal to the buyer's incentive to hoard. If the seller acquires your coins, they will realize its appreciation instead of you. Between that and low transaction fees, I expect many sellers will offer BTC discounts; eventually a mutually agreeable price will be found.
The problem isn't deflation; it's *wild, unpredictable* deflation. If Bitcoins ever find a stable equilibrium of value and appreciate predictably (which will take years, if not decades, assuming it happens at all), buyers and sellers will happily use it in volume.
@_date: 2014-03-01 00:57:20
Blockchain.info is great for a hot wallet, but the only secure way to keep a wallet from being confiscated is a paper wallet (ideally in a safe, with a secure offsite backup in case of fire).
@_date: 2014-02-16 05:03:12
It would be a lot easier if there were a way to withdraw portions from a paper wallet, rather than sweeping the whole thing. The computer or web service can then just be a small hot wallet, treated like cash, with any savings securely on paper, funds shifting between the two as needed.
@_date: 2014-03-06 04:31:14
I can vouch for a good experience with these guys. I sold them $100 of rares recently, payment in BTC came through a few days later.
@_date: 2014-02-28 23:48:04
The Rai stones are fascinating. They are purely symbolic embodiments of an oral history, like a face-to-face block chain.
@_date: 2014-12-18 00:56:47
In addition to m-of-n, this is partially solvable by audited cold wallet practices and explicit end-user liability/insurance, denominated in dollars up to a certain amount.
It may not solve the trust issue for those burned by Gox, but the good/bad news is that most potential users have no idea what Gox is, and the hurdle is getting them to trust Bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2014-03-14 03:55:43
The proposal is purely a matter of default nomenclature. Nothing in the blockchain or the protocol would be changed by this; only a default setting in the reference wallet, and (in theory) an associated change in the culture of users. The value of a Bitcoin would not change.
Remember, most people don't even know that Bitcoins are divisible. This change would be a good way to educate them, and create a usability story much more like the fiat units they're used to.
@_date: 2014-03-07 04:24:33
Oversimplification of complexity isn't the problem with your worldview; oversimplification of complexity is the only problem that has ever existed.
@_date: 2014-02-27 07:54:01
teraflop has an [interesting proposal]( on Hacker News: miners staging a 51% attack on the blockchain to restore funds lost to their original owners, if MtGox were to open their books and an honest account history could be agreed upon.
At the end of the day, what the miners say goes, and they have the same incentive to bolster public trust as they do bolster the consistency/integrity of the blockchain. Whether a "51% bailout" is the best way to bolster public confidence long-term is highly debatable.
@_date: 2014-11-03 03:41:18
"Statist" is seldom used except as a pejorative; very few supporters of democratic nation-states adopt the term themselves. Moreover, you equate such support with slavery, yet a slave cannot:
- speak freely without fear of punishment
- move freely, including leaving for a new country / master
- pursue self-directed occuptions and hobbies
- own property, including deadly weapons
There is an exception, in the form of the "criminal justice" system; anyone trapped in that nightmare, rightly or wrongly, is effectively enslaved in the classic sense of the word. However, claiming this actively applies to every citizen of a state is disingenuous.
I too support the voluntarist ideal, but it's something best created through practical problem-solving, not black-and-white ideological thinking.
@_date: 2014-12-16 03:03:44
My beef is bigger with eBay than PayPal, but I've talked to enough people with PP horror stories to know they have downsides.
Also, I hate how much of a cut they take, just to make money change hands. I feel the same way about credit cards: 3% off every transaction? Bullshit. We can do better. Trade should be a distributed community protocol, not privatized and concentrated by default.
@_date: 2014-09-11 14:58:58
Trek afficianados know that, at least internally within the Federation, there is no money in the Star Trek universe. Like much within Star Trek, I know this makes no sense.
The one exception was the "frontier" of Deep Space 9, where even Federation crew would sometimes trade using [Gold-Pressed Latinum]( :)
@_date: 2014-04-20 20:49:15
The best way to explain it to a complete layperson is to call them the "locking key" and the "unlocking key", and then explain which is public, and which is private. (Most people won't care about the mathematical underpinnings.)
Great vid, though.
@_date: 2014-09-04 18:59:15
My favorite rebuttal to this is when Bruce Schneier asks interviewers their salary. Not a single one ever wants to answer.
@_date: 2014-02-19 20:28:49
Every time I hear Bitcoin introduced to a non-geek, their first question is about who runs it, what prevents its creator from printing more money, and becoming suspicious when learning about the Satoshi mystery. Most people smell a scam, assuming that some person or agency is "behind" it.
Imparting the idea of Bitcoin as an open protocol without secrets or ownership is really tough to people who have no concept of Github. Patiently educating everyday people on this fact is exceptionally important for the trust and adoption of the Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2014-03-19 01:19:47
That's precisely the point: both of those models are correct, within their specific context and use case. It is empirically indisputable, despite the fact that they are incompatible.
"All statements are true in some sense, false in some sense, and meaningless in some sense."
@_date: 2014-02-20 20:26:50
I do think trusted institutions will be built eventually. But right now, today, the expectation should be set amongst non-nerds that Bitcoins are risky, because they are. Keeping your cash in a mattress means you are at risk if your house burns down; keeping coins on your computer is risky if you encounter malware (and guess which of the two is more likely).
If the right expectations are set about Bitcoin's current "wild west" nature, people will either take precautions (paper wallets, etc) and/or only invest small amounts, meaning the risks of feeling burned are much lower.
@_date: 2014-02-28 13:19:46


You've clearly never heard of [Steve Wozniak]( or [Richard Stallman](
The fact is, we still don't know the details of what happened. If you don't think people can be this stupid, you don't know people. We shouldn't ignore the real likelihood of theft, but the fact is that right now we don't know.
@_date: 2014-02-19 21:10:11
I like to subscribe to the theory that creators are merely exit nodes for the distributed processes of the collective unconscious. While their talents deserve to be honored, art belongs more to the culture that receives it than the history of its origins. Exhibit A: Star Wars and George Lucas.
(Also, whatever you do, don't ever read any opinion pieces by Orson Scott Card.)
@_date: 2014-03-01 03:14:49
Of course cold storage can leak, if humans engage in bad accounting or poor key management. It would require a staggering level of negligence and incompetence, but history is replete with examples of just that.
@_date: 2014-04-02 20:50:58
I understood Stallman's ethos a lot better when I discovered that half the motivation behind FOSS is the ability to reliably control one's privacy.
That said, and with all due respect to the man's impressive body of work, as an advocate he is overzealous and divisive. Getting him involved in Bitcoin is more likely than not to harm the perception and legitimacy of crypto-asset protocols.
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:15:39
Compare the current crisis to tech stocks and the dot-com bubble. While Bitcoin is still a young and risky emerging market, its technology fundamentals are just as sound as the internet's, and like the internet itself, Bitcoin will eventually stabilize and offer consistent value as institutions, ecosystems, and software continue to be ironed out.
**tl;dr: Mt. Gox = Pets.com**
@_date: 2014-03-01 06:57:40
Sooner or later, the crypto-libertarians are going to wake up and realize they accidentally created a new type of democratic state.
Sure, this one doesn't use violence and levy taxes. And instead of one human, one vote, it's one ASIC, one vote. But nonetheless, the power lies in the hands of the miners, not the developers or the idealists.
Currently, those goals overlap, and the miners are voting to preserve the integrity of the blockchain at all costs, both for financial benefit and the cultural mindset held by most Bitcoin early adopters. But as usage becomes more mainstream (particularly in countries that are far more disgruntled with their fiat currency than the U.S.), those incentives may swing. If the miners decide that the trust-value of the currency is threatened by a major theft, or lack of regulation, or the deflation policy, **they will vote to change it**.
If that results in a hard fork, so be it: The 49% will hem and haw, but at the end of the day they'll either buy into the new system to preserve the value of their coins, or stubbornly cling to the fork as a new blockchain, and "the market will decide" between Newcoins, Oldcoins, or Fiat.
I don't think that's inherently desirable or undesirable, but I see the issue arising as being a when, not an if. And if technological or social solutions to the "private property" problem described by OP are not solved extremely well, most people in semi-functioning nation-states will continue to trust fiat after the first time they get hacked (or goxxed).
@_date: 2014-12-22 23:17:12


Why wouldn't it be?
Most serious anarchist-socialists are not driven by some pure ideology of EVERYONE EXACTLY EQUAL ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS, but rather by eliminating poverty, defending human rights, universal access to health care and education, protecting the shared wealth of ecology, etc. It's more of a shift in culture and consciousness than any formal system, and in that vein could absolutely be compatible with currency and markets. (For instance, the community-driven side of [FOSS]( including Bitcoin itself, is a great example of anarchist socialism in action, taking place entirely through voluntary ad-hoc assocations.)
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:50:23
Very interesting, I'll have to try this out on a small purchase.
For reference, this service is at [joinsnapcard.com]( not [snapcard.com]( The latter seems to be unrelated.
@_date: 2014-12-23 12:56:06


I agree that violently seizing private property is an act of aggression, and at minimum requires a very high bar of justification, no different than a so-called "just war". However, I dispute the notion that defense of private property is never an aggressive act.
For one example, take intellectual property law. If I remix an artist's song, or copy a patented software feature, I have not engaged in a violent act; however, the owner of that intellectual property may then leverage the state's monopoly on violence to stop me.


But this is the issue: laws are not applied consistently or universally, due to the coercive pressure of capital itself. (The word *privilege* means "private law".) Whatever might be on the books, in practice, the protections of property rights scales directly, and exponentionally, to how much property one owns (and one's ability to afford a lawyer, if not a senator). The state as we know it exists precisely because it is a collusion with the extremely wealthy to maintain their private control of vast resources. The fact that the middle class gains some mild protections for their homes, cars, etc, is merely a pleasant side effect (and as shown by civil asset forfeiture and SLAPP suits, it's also revokable at any time).


I agree that the "big stick" model of redistribution is impractical, inhumane and destructive. At the same time, unquestioned acceptance of all entrenched property rights carries a deep tax on progress, freedom, and even the market. Here's a highly relevant example that is still being fought today: taxi medallions in New York, vs. the market disruption represented by Uber/Lyft/etc.
A medallion currently has a value of about a million dollars, having been traded for years on a secondary market created by an artificial government monopoly. Whether one favors regulation or not, clearly these medallions are artificially scarce and reduce the efficiency of taxi services in New York. However, these medallions also represent the nest egg and/or livelihood of many people; wouldn't eliminating such an unjust, counter-productive system also destroy the private property these people purchased in good faith? (Similar conundrums exist with overly broad patent portfolios, public or private decisions that affect property values, etc.)
So while I don't think property rights should be eliminated, I don't think we should consider them intrinsically sacrosanct, either. In a perfect world, progressive taxation could be used to re-balance wealth in a gradual, peaceful way; however, given the problems of regulatory capture, cronyism and perverse incentives, there are plenty of reasons to oppose this, at least in our current political climate.
Here's one thing that I'm sure we can do, though, without writing a law, levying a tax, or firing a gun. And that's to change the culture of capitalism in our heads. I don't mean eliminating markets or profit: I mean eliminating the celebration of greed and selfishness as a virtue. In my perfect world, every entrepreneur would see their business as a socially responsible member of the community, or even as a charity with a sustainable revenue model (which necessarily includes paying one's self a living wage). And we would all stop purchasing from corporations (most of which are legally mandated to act as sociopaths), instead voluntarily supporting human-run businesses with solid values, good employee relationships, and honest, transparent practices.
Of course, there are also methods of wealth redistribution that don't require the state or violence: boycotts, competetive non-profits, social ostracization, tax protests, voluntary charitable contributions, divestment, collective bargaining, local currencies, alternative communities, and lots more that haven't been thought of. But perhaps that's a discussion for another day. :)
@_date: 2014-02-19 20:22:40
Ironically enough, the author of Accelerando [hates Bitcoin with a fiery passion](
EDIT: Fixed link, thank you.
@_date: 2014-03-13 02:39:38
Check out [purse.io]( which lets you buy something for someone else on Amazon in exchange for BTC. You have to keep an eye on it, though, orders go fast.
If an [ATM]( isn't operating near you, the best options for buying small amounts directly are [LocalBitcoins]( (with face-to-face cash), or [Coinbase]( (connecting your bank account).
If nothing else, you could probably work something out using [escrow]( on and putting cash in an envelope (which is risky, but *not* illegal as many people assume). :P
@_date: 2014-02-16 08:03:43
Too true. Probably reasonable to drop a millibit in the barista tip jar, though. :)
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:52:54
While it would be tough to be worse than existing insurance companies, it would be very interesting to see how a democratic health insurance company would function in practice, whether adjudicated by proof-of-stake, or "one human one vote".
Some no-brainers would still work well, like cost-saving preventative care and life-saving emergency surgery. But what about elective surgeries or experimental procedures? Each expenditure would be subject to the scrutiny of stakeholders, for better or worse. Would we see discrimination based on age or lifestyle ("distributed death panels"), denying certain procedures to the old, the obese, or the addicted? In general, stakeholders would have a motivation to both conserve the pool of resources, yet also ensure that their own procedures will be voted for when/if it becomes their turn.
I think there is great promise to the concept, and I would happily join such a pool over corporate health insurance, but neither do I think it would be a panacea for the fundamental problem of health risk management and the tragedy of the commons.
@_date: 2014-09-11 18:39:11
I guess I've outed myself as a TNG guy. ;) Kirk also says in The Voyage Home that they don't use money, but perhaps he was referring to paper money, or simply implying that money plays a much less significant role in their society.
If I had to infer, I think the Federation would probably still use currencies for large-scale interstellar trade and resource allocation, and while citizens can use and acquire currency as individuals, they are portrayed as not desiring to do so, as their needs are met without it. (I'm reminded of how many people now don't have their own music, because they rely on cloud streaming, which I find bonkers.)
@_date: 2014-03-05 23:18:37
Being able to laugh at yourself and your community is a valuable social skill. Many Bitcoiners can be enthusiastic bordering on zealous when they talk about it (I know I've been guilty at times).
@_date: 2014-04-28 20:13:30


...and I've just tipped over the edge of never taking that guy seriously ever again.
@_date: 2014-02-18 05:13:57
1. being such in essence or effect though not formally recognized or admitted &lt;a virtual dictator&gt;
2. of, relating to, or using virtual memory
3. of, relating to, or being a hypothetical particle whose existence is inferred from indirect evidence &lt;virtual photons&gt;
4. being on or simulated on a computer or computer network &lt;print or virtual books&gt; &lt;a virtual keyboard&gt;:
a. occurring or existing primarily online &lt;a virtual library&gt; &lt;virtual shopping&gt;
b. of, relating to, or existing within a virtual reality &lt;a virtual world&gt; &lt;a virtual tour&gt;
While  don't necessarily apply,  clearly does. But just because something is electronic and ethereal doesn't mean it has less value than its tangible equivalent, any more than Brittanica has more value than Wikipedia.
@_date: 2014-12-15 20:04:10
I'm sad that I can't actually buy and sell with this site. I've failed twice now on compiling my own copy of OpenBazaar on Mac. (I'm sure it's doable, but I have more pressing things to do with my time than resolve dependency issues.)
Still, I'm glad this site exists, and hope it keeps building out. Down with ePayPalBay! :)
@_date: 2014-03-18 18:55:42
Quantum mechanics and Newtonian mechanics are contradictory as well. Reality is under no obligation to conform to patterns and narratives that are convenient for human beings.
@_date: 2014-03-01 00:43:03
Don't buy anything you can't afford to lose... but basically, yes.
@_date: 2014-11-01 12:31:50
Pejorative labels are conversation-enders and thought-killers.
@_date: 2014-03-16 23:36:50
FYI, I've gotten multiple payouts from betsofbitco.in (last in January), so not a scam up until this point, although they have taken a month or two to resolve. I don't think any decisions ever took 3 months (for n ~= 5).
I've stopped making BTC long bets, based on that nervous waiting period. There's an additional implicit meta-bet that the betting site won't get hacked, isn't fractional reserve, etc. Hopefully we'll see multi-sig/on-blockchain long bet systems in the near future. ;)
@_date: 2014-02-08 17:18:08
Justified != Helpful.
@_date: 2014-03-02 09:53:06
If the new shareholders voted to open up the books, the code, and some/all of the data, perhaps there is the slimmest possibility of recovering the coins. Many eyes, and all that.
@_date: 2014-03-01 06:45:02
This is a great piece by someone who actually understands Bitcoin, and its strengths and weaknesses.
The fact is, most people are secure with the dollars in their wallets because they know than call the cops (and they know the crooks know this too). It doesn't eliminate crime completely, but it creates enough veneer of safety that people are confident in their financial assets, doubly so when they're in a bank. Often this trust backfires, but it works well enough for Joe Blow that confidence remains high.
Now think about Joe *securing his own computer*. Ask him to keep his coins at a bank wherein there is no legal recourse in the case of robbery or ineptitude. Perhaps you ask him to hold on to paper wallets: "Why all the hassle? I thought this thing was digital," he asks, going back to credit cards and cash.
These problems of securing ownership are potentially solvable, through blends of software, social consensus, reputation, and yes, possibly even laws. But waving one's hands and saying "it's technically more secure, people are just using it wrong" is going to do the opposite of creating trust in the blockchain's trustless model, and Bitcoin's viability as a currency.
@_date: 2014-12-22 23:49:03


There are two problems with this model:
- **Voluntary:** When there are extreme disparities in resources, calling relationships voluntary is questionable. Someone in poverty can "choose" to work for 10 cents per day, or "choose" to pay $1000/pill for life-saving medication. Where there is no leverage, there is no agency; where there is no agency, there is no will.
- **Minimal violence:** Existing capital and property relationships are maintained via the threat of force. Violence is not eliminated, and instead becomes a tool of the wealthy, applied selectively. (Poor Charlie Shrem sits in prison, while the big bankers faced no consequences.)
That said, I'm not going to claim Chomsky's solutions are necessarily realistic. However, there is a wider spectrum of potential community and social systems than what we have become accustomed to, and it is this history from which Chomsky draws. I recommend David Graeber's [Debt: The First 5,000 Years]( for exploring the history of money and its relationship to war, slavery and the state, and the multitude of primitive currency-less societal systems for managing responsibilities and resources (spoiler: it wasn't barter).
While I have no illusions about the possibility or desirability of reverting to pre-industrial, small-scale social systems, I don't think we should be content with prioritzing the rights of capital as an end unto itself, and I am confident in our ability to create superior and more equitable post-state social structures.
@_date: 2014-03-07 04:27:12
Power *tends to* corrupt. *Absolute* power corrupts absolutely.
@_date: 2014-09-18 19:20:26
Apple is no longer blocking Bitcoin apps; depending on the exact API rules surrounding Apple Pay, there might be a third party opportunity here: pay with crypto, swipe phone, merchant receives USD from a "credit card", and with a payment processor converting in between.
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:29:08
You learned an important lesson about crypto-currency: if coins aren't physically in your possession (encrypted file, brain or paper), they are not yours.
@_date: 2014-02-28 22:59:23
It's the programmer (and the logic), not the language. PHP does just fine for Facebook, Wikipedia, etc.
(That said, a good programmer understands the trade-offs of different tools, and when real money is on the line, writing a production SSH service in PHP is a profoundly terrible idea.)
@_date: 2014-11-22 09:45:13
"Bitcoin IS like tulips. Scarce, durable, fungible, divisible, un-forgeable tulips that can be instantly teleported to anyone, anywhere."
@_date: 2014-02-16 04:58:27
I've been thinking about the possibility of "Bitcoin coupons", with instructions and an expiration date, to be left as physical tips instead of (or in addition to) cash. Hold on to a copy, and take back any that aren't claimed within a year.
@_date: 2014-02-21 01:03:56
Well said. And thanks. :)
@_date: 2014-03-06 00:08:42
Of course not. But most people don't like being proselytized to. You know, like I'm doing now, by futilely trying to convince you that some dumb video is funny. :P
If you disagree, and passion is the only metric for conversation, allow me to spend the next five hours convincing you of the evils of white flour and refined sugar. ;)
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:40:43
Not all, but the first PRISM documents were some very corny PowerPoints:
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:41:07
In both cases, they end up getting paid in dollars via BitPay. There is very little reason for them to stop taking BTC payments.
Now, if BitPay shuts down or starts acting shady, then it could be time to worry.
@_date: 2014-03-14 22:02:11
I think it'll be less confusing the second time; ostensibly, many more people will have been using millis by the time it happens, and they will have grown accustomed to the divisibility. Mexico managed to survive a change between "old pesos" and "new pesos" (...relatively speaking).
That said, I'm not intrinsically opposed to jumping directly to micros.
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:00:32
I'd recommend liquidating for assets rather than dollars: gift cards on eGifter and Gyft, or stuff that you want or can resell from Overstock or TigerDirect.
Personally, I'm holding, and probably buying a little more. :)
@_date: 2014-12-19 20:27:59
They're not using their own blockchain, so there's no Proof of ______ system of any kind.
Also, it's incredibly entertaining to watch people debate whether or not colored coins *are* altcoins. "Altcoin" is an ad-hoc neologism, barely two years old. Reddit notes are a crypto-asset, and not intended as a general-purpose unit of trade or account (even though it could be used that way hypothetically, just like anything else scarce). The word "coin" is barely applicable at all, except in describing the implementation.
@_date: 2014-03-01 01:30:50
Also, the [network effect](
Merit is necessary but not sufficient for success; when a network effect is in play, success tends to create more success intrinsically. (It's one of the reasons that many people continued to use Gox even knowing how terrible it was.)
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:25:34
Coinbase is the most reliable online exchange, and you can buy in tiny amounts, even just a couple dollars.
LocalBitcoins.com is also a very reliable option when using in-person cash and escrow, although it's harder to find people willing to do small amounts.
As always, don't risk what you can't afford to lose. Bitcoin is still young and will probably be volatile for years.
@_date: 2014-12-22 21:31:02


Rightly or wrongly, pre-existing property rights are a social construct enforced by violence.
@_date: 2014-03-14 19:04:22
Thanks! :D
@_date: 2014-03-07 05:09:39
I'm no fan of governments, but they're preferable to feudalism; let's keep a little perspective. We can (and should) do better, but it could be a lot worse.
@_date: 2014-03-05 22:36:51
(In case you're not trolling) The humor is the level of obsession: that he won't shut up about it, and is indifferent to the fact that the people he's educating don't care in the least.
See every other Shit ____ Say video, they tend to follow the same template. Example: 
@_date: 2014-03-14 17:51:59
They can alternately be pronounced "m-bits" and "u-bits". :)
@_date: 2014-03-14 17:50:14
I don't see why the change needs to be permanent. If the day comes when 1 millibit equals $500, the default nomenclature can change again.
@_date: 2017-02-17 18:34:38
None of the emperors are wearing any clothes.
@_date: 2017-02-13 21:18:29
I've got access to the same sum of accumulated human knowledge that you do. :)
"Fascism" is in this case a short-hand for the broader sociopolitical phenomenon of authoritarianism, which can take many forms, and there is a [documented correlation]( between authoritarian values and support for Trump.
@_date: 2017-02-13 21:39:26


Maybe. I'd almost prefer this. My fear is that he actually believes a great deal of what he says. For instance, his handling of the "3-5 million illegal voters" claim is sloppy and unfocused if it's a strategic chess move, but easily explained if he's trying to rationalize a narcissistic belief that he won the popular vote.


Yes, could be. But a skilled sociopath is very intelligent, and aware enough of the feelings of others in order to manipulate them. I haven't seen that level of sophistication from Trump; his actions have seemed more like an impulsive, ego-sensitive bully. It could be that that's the impression he wants to give, for political posturing with his base, but it seems real to me.
@_date: 2014-03-14 03:49:50
The importance of this for wider adoption cannot be underestimated. Psychology matters.
I can't count the number of people I've talked to who don't think it's worth it to buy "only" a fraction of a coin. (Nevermind that nobody would think in terms of "only" a fraction of a pound of gold.) However, the word *coin* is embedded right in the word, implying that "one Bitcoin" is the proper unit of exchange, since that's how coins normally function. Most don't even know they're divisible.
On a practical basis, valuing things at prices like 0.0054 BTC is cumbersome and unsatisfying as opposed to 5.4 mBTC or 5400 µBTC. The latter two options make it feel more like a foreign currency, instead of some bizarre computery thing.
I think millibits is the better option, as it puts the value in the ballpark of the dollar, but either micro- or milli- would be preferable to full BTC.
Those who think "people should just pick the unit they prefer" will miss the point: most people don't realize it's an option in the first place. Establishing norms for pricing is important to the overall financial ecosystem that Bitcoin needs if it's going to thrive.
@_date: 2015-05-13 08:33:42
I recommend looking into the ideas of [Jaron Lanier]( Among other things, money is an information technology.
@_date: 2017-02-14 15:48:59
America was founded on the humanist first principles of the Enlightenment. Without these sacred moral truths, America does not exist. Here's what I put first:


@_date: 2017-02-14 05:06:06
Yeah, the human psyche (nay, soul) is a complicated thing, and I'm happy to give him the benefit of the doubt, while maintaining my best-guess personal opinion based on available data.
But if my suspicion is correct: at what point would we say that the Emperor has no clothes? It's not unprecedented: Nixon's paranoia had consequences (luckily it could have been far worse), and there is evidence that Reagan was suffering from Alzheimer's during the last year of his Presidency.
We're not talking about a private citizen. We're talking about someone who is asking for an incredible amount of trust from We The People, and commanding the most powerful military in the world.
@_date: 2017-02-13 22:05:58
The internet backbone is still highly centralized right now. :) Hopefully we see more end-to-end distributed mesh networking gain traction in our lifetimes.
There is a risk that a fully open, "good parts globalism" ecosystem like the Internet can actually create more consolidation, centralization, and homogeneity. I read [an interesting piece]( recently on the relationship between bio-diversity and borders; perhaps the emergent borders created by social media bubbles has advantages for social diversity?
Either way, the degeneration of science and "facts" in our discourse is continuing unabated, and there is no group that does not have political/financial incentive to distort or cherry-pick facts, if not just spin straight-up bullshit. We can fantasize that the Internet means everyone does their own fact-checking of sources, and self-education on science and history, but the reality hasn't been working out that way.
@_date: 2017-02-13 17:43:25
[Our whining is protest. Their protest is whining.](
@_date: 2014-03-01 20:32:15
Did you not see the BTC discount I mentioned? If you could get an item for 1% of its price in BTC, you'd absolutely take advantage of it. The merchant counters your offer with 99% of the price, you counter with offering 2%, and so on. Somewhere, there is a middle point that is mutually agreeable. Essentially, the accrual in value of BTC becomes part of its purchasing power. (Again, this pricing dynamic becomes a little easier if the deflation rate stabilizes.)
Inversely, if dollars were *drastically* inflationary, exchanges would still take place, it would just raise prices to compensate for the loss in value while the dollars are held.
I'm aware the technology example is not the strict definition of deflation. I'm just looking at the micro-economic case in that one specific domain: just because your dollar will go much farther next year, and even farther the year after that, does not mean that you will hold your dollars forever. If the value is compelling enough today, and the price is right, a purchase will happen.
@_date: 2017-02-13 18:03:28


I agree. Note that I said "mild", and "possibly". I'm basing this on numerous (but unconfirmed) [leaks coming from the White House]( reports of short attention span, not reading any memos with more than 9 bullet points, spending most of the day watching cable news, etc. There also appears to be little evidence that Trump has ever read a book cover-to-cover; you can't prove a counter-factual, but if it's accurate, it may be a sign of a learning disability, and/or dyslexia.
As for [NPD]( his behavior throughout his life is [consistent with the symptoms]( One could argue that the wealthy and the politically powerful tend to self-select for NPD, but even so, he appears to have it particularly strongly.
I will readily admit that early-stage dementia is a wild and unsubstantiated guess on my part, based on his father's struggle in his later years, and Trump's general patterns of irritability and off-the-cuff logical leaps ("Obama is literally the founder of ISIS", etc).
So again: *maybe* mild mental illness. I'm not saying this to talk trash, but in an attempt to honestly assess and explain the character and temperament of the leader of the free world, who has exhibited more unusual behavior than any president in recent memory (even including Nixon and LBJ).
@_date: 2017-02-14 02:05:49
 :)


I guess I'm a pretty staunch individualist, for better or worse. To quote Groucho Marx: "I would never want to be a member of a club that would have me as a member."
@_date: 2017-02-13 18:46:12


Fair enough. Most personality disorders are imbalances of otherwise healthy or socially advantageous behaviors.
I'm of the opinion that his level of narcissism is actively dangerous in his position; it all comes down to whether you believe that claims like "I alone can fix it" are something he actually believes, or just skillful politicking. While I won't deny his political/media savvy, I think part of what makes him so skillful is that he actually believes most of what he's saying (at least, enough to convince himself in the moment, which comes through to his audience as genuine conviction).
I readily concede that I could be wrong. We're all reading tea leaves from insufficient data.


I didn't choose that link to be authoritative; it was the first single-page amalgam I could find of things I've been reading from multiple sources. But at any rate, I'm not making a definitive claim, merely stating what I find to be plausible concerns that deserve scrutiny.
@_date: 2017-02-14 01:26:22


As I commented elsewhere in this thread, narcissism is different than sociopathy, though one person can certainly have both.
I agree that Trump places a high value on loyalty, but I'm not convinced that's a good thing. Loyalty networks were the social patterns of kings and feudal lords; our democratic republic is built not on personal loyalty, but on the rule of law. Hence, why our service members swear an oath to the Constitution, and not to the President personally. An executive that hires for loyalty and fires for disloyalty (like the Assistant AG) is not something we should be happy about.


I'm just some guy, who is within his rights to think things, right or wrong. :) As I linked above, there are some psychologists who agree, at least regarding NPD.
It's my best guess that 5-10 years from now, with the benefit of hindsight, my armchair assessment will be fairly uncontroversial, the way it's now uncontroversial to say "Nixon suffered from paranoia". I say it not to disparage his worth as a person, but to assess his fitness for one of the toughest, most complicated jobs in the world.
@_date: 2017-02-13 21:06:57
Read what I said again: *if* they were instigating a slow burn in the direction of authoritarian nationalism (the [boiling frog]( scenario), they would be making the moves they're making now.
They might not be making those moves, and it simply looks that way; or, the process might be halted before it actually tips into something quasi-fascist. Hence, the current administration is *not* fascist. But those who oppose authoritarianism and extreme nationalism have plenty of reasonable cause for concern, based both on concrete actions, and the more subtle political posturing (tone, narrative, etc).


I'm much more concerned with Bannon and Miller. I suspect (admittedly from insufficient data) that Trump signs whatever is put in front of him with only minimal scrutiny.
@_date: 2017-02-13 21:28:42
"When fascism comes to America, it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross." - Sinclair Lewis
Regardless, "fascism" as it was known historically in Europe known is not what we're at risk of. It would be something new: a new modern form of authoritarianism/hyper-nationalism that the world hasn't seen before, just like modern Russia is a new kind of strongman state, modern China is a new kind of communist state, etc. We can learn from historical precedents while still being aware that history is merely a list of surprises, and that the future is going to be drastically different from what we have known.
@_date: 2017-02-14 03:25:50
Yeah, that makes sense. In all seriousness, I'm more of a tribal voluntarist, participating in multiple overlapping subcultures; among them I'm a patriotic American, in that the first principles of the Constitution aligns closely with my moral value system.
@_date: 2017-02-17 08:22:21
Does something need to be profound to be worth acting upon? Or does it just need to pass a cost/benefit/risk analysis?
@_date: 2017-02-14 04:27:25
@_date: 2014-03-01 07:13:00
The obvious answer is that if returns are good enough, it won't matter. But we all know most investment looks a lot like gambling, and returns are seldom certain.
Another point is that, in theory, Bitcoin's deflation will eventually be much smaller than now. That's hard to predict.
But I actually think it's the investment model itself that's faulty. Historically, investment has been the purview of "accredited investors", a small number of the wealthy, often centralized further into investment pools or banks. Because large amounts are at stake, and decided by a very small number of people, the overhead in an investment transaction is huge, including attempts to mitigate risk and guarantee ROI (at least in aggregate across all investments).
But with crypto-assets, instead of seeking investment from small numbers of wealthy, you can seek them from your customers, your community, or just plain everybody. This can be a kickstarter model, with pre-orders and rewards, or it could be a micro-investment in a blockchain-based crypto-stock. It could even be based as much on community investment rather than profit: here's ten bucks towards building a pizza place down the street, because I want there to be a new pizza place down the street.
When the individual transaction amount is small, no individual will lose sleep over a "bad investment" or a poor ROI. I think most Bitcoin investing will be some form of crowd-funding.
(Also, I don't think it's reasonable to expect fiat to go away just because Bitcoin thrives. Banks will probably keep making loans in dollars. The world gets by with 180 currencies; it will do just fine with 181.)
@_date: 2014-03-01 22:47:29
Maher's wrong about a lot of things, frequently making snap judgments about complex issues, and once he's decided, he stubbornly and irrationally sticks to his guns. He also presents himself as a smug prick.
However, I enjoy his show because he brings on interesting folks, including people he deeply disagrees with. And Maher deserves mad respect for being willing to say  taboo things (religion is a mental illness, aerial bombardment is more cowardly than suicide bombing, etc).
@_date: 2017-02-13 17:21:13
The current administration is not currently an openly fascist one.
But if they *did* intend to move the country into an American flavor of nationalism/fascism, boiling-frog-style, they'd be making moves consistent with what we've seen: demonizing the press, delegitimizing the judiciary, invoking internal and external threats to justify all policy, etc.
The one saving grace is that Trump himself is a mere entertainer, possibly suffering from mild mental illness (NPD, learning disability, *maybe* early stage dementia). But his staff and his most fervent supporters can still do unbelievable amounts of damage, even if POTUS is playing checkers in a 3D chess world.
Are Trump's opponents over-reacting? It's certainly possible. But when you've got a weird growth you think might be cancer, you don't play wait-and-see, you get that shit looked at. And there is no cancer worse than authoritarianism.
@_date: 2014-09-11 18:52:23
It's *pseduonymous*, like eBay, where you can see the transaction was by "coolguy123", but you don't automatically know who that is.
However, "coolguy123" is actually a big string of gibberish, and if you want, you can create a new identity for every transaction.
@_date: 2017-02-13 21:23:28
Moderate nationalism is a reasonable political position. The fear is of taking that nationalism too far: nativism, racism, scapegoating, dehumanization, wars of aggression, suppression of political dissent. It's naive to think it can't happen here: all humans are capable of becoming monsters in the wrong social ecosystem.
@_date: 2015-01-06 20:44:24
Don't let anyone ever tell you that democracy is futile or voting is a waste of time. For all the infinite flaws of our current incarnation, We the People can still push back. VA will get its turn soon enough!
@_date: 2014-12-22 21:34:24


There is a massive difference between statist and non-statist socialism.
@_date: 2015-01-02 17:24:26
Conspiracy  Co-opting the word conspiracy.
"People of the same trade seldom meet together, even for merriment and diversion, but the conversation ends in a conspiracy against the public, or in some contrivance to raise prices." - Adam Smith
@_date: 2015-01-02 17:20:42
Good. Bitcoin's value as a currency and store of value is proportional to its stability. Slow and steady growth benefits the ecosystem.
@_date: 2015-01-22 17:09:05
There's no intrinsic economic value or incentive placed on activity that [harms our shared Terran ecosystem](
It doesn't mean that government (as we know it) is the solution either; but raw economic forces (and the [labor theory of value]( have no answer to the [tragedy of the commons]( of climate change, ocean toxification, or any of the other myriad ways that we destabilize our own habitat for a quick buck.
@_date: 2014-02-12 19:19:37
"Every time you resolve a conflict without calling the police, you're practicing anarchy." - David Graeber
@_date: 2014-02-20 19:55:40
Devil's Advocate: while centralized means a single point of failure, an authority can also have your back when something goes wrong. While PayPal hardly bats a thousand (the world's most hated payment company!), they at least do the bare minimum support so that most users stick with them. Whereas the first time someone loses money permanently on Bitcoin, whether due to Gox, malware, or just stupidity, because there's no one to appeal to, they're likely to get such a bad aftertaste that they abandon Bitcoin forever.
Don't get me wrong, I think crypto-assets are a big deal and a world changer. But we should be realistic about the challenges to adoption. I think it makes more sense to thrive alongside fiat and existing banking systems (for all their deep, myriad problems), rather than pursue a quixotic quest to permanently displace them.
@_date: 2014-02-14 01:24:13
"Bitcoin IS like tulips. Scarce, durable, fungible, divisible, un-forgeable tulips that can be instantly teleported to anyone, anywhere." - [
@_date: 2017-02-13 20:46:17
Sociopathy is different than narcissism. A sociopath can be self-aware enough to make rational decisions, even around their own deficiencies; an individual with extreme narcissism blocks out information that conflicts with their self-image. (You could say everybody does this to some extent, but we're talking about extremes of the spectrum.)


I'd argue that's unwise even for CEO's. But they at least have limited domains of responsibility: maximizing shareholder value, producing more widgets, PR, employee morale, etc. They are generally less concerned with the price of tea in China, and are not responsible for the literal safety of hundreds of millions of people.
Presidents, on the other hand, have to be concerned with a multitude of second- and third-order effects, and how their decisions affect whole industries, international relationships and treaties, the machinery of governance, political capital, all sorts of things. Obviously a great deal has to be condensed and out-sourced; no one human can learn and know everything. But if the President's available information digest has been cut from numerous pages to a handful of sentences, that should be cause for deep concern, as it implies a leader that makes decisions with inadequate awareness of context and the broader world.
@_date: 2017-02-13 18:29:42
That's completely fine. What you do then is patiently dismantle each alleged falsehood, one at a time, using facts and data, and win the war of public opinion by being more accurate yourself. There's no need to assume ill will on the part of reporters and news orgs; "they're wrong" is perfectly fine, rather than "they're lying". I cannot recall an American president ever accusing the press *as a whole* of being intentionally deceptive, even if they had cause. That's the kind of thing we expect from third-world dictators, not Americans who value the freedom of speech.
Note than Steve Bannon is on record that the media is the ["opposition party"](
@_date: 2017-02-14 04:41:21
I never said sociopath. I said [narcissist]( which is a very specific thing. And personality disorders are a spectrum; they're not all-encompassing or binary, and they can often be high-functioning.
These are the [symptoms]( according to the DSM-V (not a perfect diagnostic system, but whatever):
- Grandiosity with expectations of superior treatment from others
- Fixated on fantasies of power, success, intelligence, attractiveness, etc.
- Self-perception of being unique, superior and associated with high-status people and institutions
- Needing constant admiration from others
- Sense of entitlement to special treatment and to obedience from others
- Exploitative of others to achieve personal gain
- Unwilling to empathize with others' feelings, wishes, or needs
- Intensely envious of others and the belief that others are equally envious of them
- Pompous and arrogant demeanor
Now here are a few things he's said:
- "I alone can fix it."
- "I could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn't lose voters."
- "I know more about ISIS than the generals do."
- "You know when you're a star they let you do it. You can do anything."
There are a ton more, but you have eyes and ears. :P
Ironically, if he were a full-blown sociopath, he'd probably be smart enough not to say those things directly (or at least, to sell it more effectively to the 75% of the country that didn't vote for him).
Maybe he's just performing for the camera. I concede the possibility. But what if he's not? Reading between the lines, I find the latter far more plausible: that he's made a lifelong habit of believing his own bullshit, of doubling-down on his own confidence games so hard that he brings other people along for the ride.
I guess time will tell.
@_date: 2017-03-24 20:33:29
Who defines what is an "attack"? In the brick-and-mortar world, it's not unheard of to engage in hyper-competitive practices, such as selling at low or negative margins to gain marketshare, or opening shop across the street. It might even be with the explicit intent of strong-arming the competitor out of business.
The entrenched player will see this as an attack; the entrant will see it as fair-play competition. Given that no physical violence or theft of private property has taken place: who decides what behavior is fair or appropriate in an open marketplace?
@_date: 2017-03-19 01:36:10
Suggested new terminology to reduce confusion:
left -&gt; "mutationist"
right -&gt; "preservationist"
Crypto-currencies are a mutation of currencies and markets; fiat and banks (which let's be real, most of us still use by necessity) preserve the mechanisms that got us to where we are now.
@_date: 2017-03-23 06:53:02
Fair enough. If that's true, banks and other centralized entities are going will eventually own the e-currency space and Bitcoin will stay relegated to the edge. The lesson of Facebook and Google is that humans care more about convenience and competence than freedom and privacy.
@_date: 2017-03-09 00:46:18
We got a player-hater here.
@_date: 2017-03-20 03:07:12
Good summary, well done.
@_date: 2017-03-22 22:55:15
A blockchain that doesn't support 1 million coffee cups will be outcompeted by one that does.
@_date: 2017-03-18 20:12:30
@_date: 2017-01-19 21:06:56


I agree with your statement, though I've never seen this claim. :)
@_date: 2017-01-19 17:58:47
I support the voluntarist ideal; but, it has been amusing watching crypto an-caps build out distributed platforms like Bitcoin under the belief that technology would obviate politics, when in fact they were just inventing a new form of politics. The human animal is a political animal, and it likely always will be.
@_date: 2015-04-21 19:30:46
You're not wrong, Walter, you're just an asshole.
(Also: something something [Metcalfe's Law](
@_date: 2015-04-15 00:57:56
The role of mining in the bitcoin ecosystem cannot be understimated. Electricity isn't free, nor is hardware or cooling, and someone pays for it in the fiat economy, whether it's the miner or investors. This creates a consistent negative price pressure that has to be met by buyers to keep the price stable.
It's worth considering the possibility that public enthusiasm for crypto-money as anything but an arbitrary investment vehicle follows a pattern of diminishing returns (if you're the sort of person who would be interested in Bitcoin, odds that are high that you already know about it and own as much as you're able/willing to purchase). If this is true, a Proof-of-Work or other cheap mechanism to authenticate the network may end up out-competing BTC.
@_date: 2015-11-21 08:40:15
@_date: 2017-05-26 17:52:42
One of the things that's interesting about the BitCoin ecosystem/experiment is that it is a decentralized market test of whether decentralized solutions can out-compete centralized alternatives. By its very nature, decentralization has to be voluntary. Whatever one's *a priori* opinions on the topic, the market (including miners, developers, holders, and investors) are where the rubber meets the road, and we're all finding out the results of the experiment together.
@_date: 2017-05-26 16:37:36
Even in the scenario where other coins out-compete BTC itself, I think BTC will always have some desirability (and therefore stability) as a store of value, considering all the hardware, software, and social infrastructure built around it specifically. The only scenario where it straight-up goes to zero is complete ecological and civilizational collapse, to the point where no one has electricity anymore. :P
@_date: 2015-03-20 17:30:31
Caveat: humans with bitcoin to spend is a much smaller market than humans with dollars to spend. (Compare to selling an app on Windows Phone or Firefox OS to the App Store or Google Play.)
@_date: 2017-05-26 17:21:56
In the classic 90's Netrunner game, the money was called "bits", which makes for a nice bit of retro-active head-canon. :)
Are "Gibsons" off the table?
@_date: 2015-02-26 19:08:18
It actually isn't, it appears to require Apache auth *in addition* to the normal WordPress auth. For a content site, that's a reasonable level of security.
@_date: 2015-02-26 04:50:41
@_date: 2017-05-26 16:43:53


The high transaction fees, slow transaction time, and sub-par buying experience is already doing that quite effectively. :P
I'm basically using it like digital gold, as a store of value. Hoping the scaling issues are solved in the near future. :)
@_date: 2017-06-29 19:34:01
I began to understand money a whole new way, when it dawned that even paper money is a distributed network and database. (The currency is centralized, but market behaviors and transactions are largely distributed.)
Through this lens, it becomes immediately apparent what makes fiat so woefully inadequate in the Networked Age: information is destroyed at every hop, there's no API or contract functionality, most transactions require mediators, and obviously the moral hazards (putting it mildly) implicit to the individuals who make decisions on monetary policy. (At best, their "Proof of Stake" provided some disincentive not to reduce the value of their own holdings by tanking the entire system; unless, of course, they [hold it hostage]( instead.)
The dollar is the DOS of money: it's better than nothing at all. It managed to facilitate massive wealth creation through innovation and trade despite its shortcomings. But we now have the technology, and even the will, to re-imagine how we solve the coordination problems of trade, labor, investment, ownership, responsibility, even law and democracy. It's a very exciting time.
(For what it's worth, I agree that the Eternal Growth model is inherently unsustainable, and that at some point, steady-state equilibrium becomes necessary, at least within particular contexts or domains.)
@_date: 2017-06-29 19:40:18
If you're trading an asset that appreciates in value, that appreciation is priced into the transaction, because the seller has the same incentive to hold it as you do.
At any rate, I think it's a moot point, because the crypto-currency space as a whole is going to keep inflating forever, both as new coins continue to enter the market, and as some subset of those coins are inflationary.
@_date: 2017-06-21 20:53:51
I've had good results with Purse, but I've stopped out of nervousness that people will use stolen cards to buy stuff, and I'll have to have unpleasant conversations with the 5-0. :P
@_date: 2015-02-04 19:11:33
I haven't looked at the numbers, but I think the massive mining ops are a major problem. The hardware and electricity incur real costs, paid in fiat, creating an ongoing negative price pressure as they sell mined coins to pay for them. Without a steady stream of enough new buyers, the price will tend to drop over time.
Not doomin' and gloomin', I'm still bullish on crypto-assets. Just observing the facts on the ground, which is that we have a glut of huge mining ops, and electricity isn't free (or even payable with unconverted BTC).