@_author: lum_fao
@_date: 2019-08-28 18:24:18
Lol grease
@_date: 2019-06-06 21:07:04
Casual assbrainery
@_date: 2019-02-17 18:23:30
Now you are sounding a little dumb. You continue to make assumptions about met without knowing anything about me.
I know what das Kapital is. 
But just for clarification: Are you sure that i am wrong that the communist systems in many countries inspired by Marxs works threw them into misery?
@_date: 2019-02-17 17:58:06
Karl Marx is a man who wrote a completely unscientific book about economics and threw millions of people in misery with it. Am i  wrong about that?
@_date: 2019-02-17 15:34:26
I would rather call it a penalty than "opportunity cost" if it is imposed by human beings instead of natural law. 
So in essence what you are trying to say is that you and your economic theory are knowing better than me when i should spend my honestly earned money for the greater good? That reminds me on Karl Marx.
I rather think if the individual is free and successful the whole society is.
@_date: 2019-02-17 15:26:43
Of course corporate, consumer and government spending can(!) create economic growth. But the question is, is it sustainable? If i as a consumer or corporate change my plan for the future and i make several short term purchases instead of a bigger long term investment like expanding my production or buying a house because my money i have saved is devalued, then my wealth isn't increased and the whole economy isn't either. The problem with Keynesian theories is always that it favors the short term benefits over the long term effects. 
Of course studies will always tell that government, etc. spending is making the overall economy grow but it damages the economy in the long run if it's artificial and until you would see the negative effects there is always the next govt. spending. (The result is what the left always call the turbo capitalism in which for every problem there is just created more debt and the stock markets are being flood by all the pension funds.) In general the economy isn't an area on which studies are particularly meaningful because the enormous numbers of variables always allow different interpretations. 
Regarding your baker example: the mistake lies in the assumption that everybody has to spend their money as fast as possible to keep the economy grow/healthy. This assumptions are the same Mr. Silvio Gesell had. But this is not true. Everybody has to spend their money exactly when they want to spend it not when you or Keynes want it to be spent. Even if the baker had chosen to keep his money. 1) at some points the money will be spent and maybe this would have been a much wiser investment. 2) even if the money never gets spent it has an effect: all the money held increases the value of the money which is circulating. 
Money holding vs. money spending is what determines the value of money. It's an essential part of the free market. If the future is uncertain people tend to hold on to their money which makes goods cheaper.
Economic growth is also not only a bigger GDP. A bigger GDP means nothing as it is calculated because it adds credit-financed govt. spending. At least in my country.
The reality is the economy only grows when there are unused resources put to usage or resources are used more efficiently. 
Sorry for my mediocre english im not a native speaker.
@_date: 2019-02-17 13:03:05
And forcing people to buy things they actually don't need now is a sound monetary concept? You sound like Keynes with his broken window theory. The mysterious multiplyer. So if we are all wasting our money to buy piles of chewing gum is the economy then saved? Think about the implications a little bit before you are posting debunked theories.
@_date: 2019-04-09 14:28:04
Wise words