@_author: luoussin
@_date: 2014-03-30 14:33:48
Have you set up a mail daemon on that IP, or a DNS server?  ie, are you using your home server as your e-mail server?  If not, you probably have some malware that is doing so.
Was someone playing games while you ran this test?  If not, you almost certainly have malware since the bandwidth is quite high.  Really, it looks like someone is using your computer(s) as a mail server and/or a DNS server.  I'm surprised your ISP allows you to have open SMTP ports.
The only connection to Bitcoin I can see is that one of the parties involved in the (possible) malware might be using bitnodes.io as a server.  People can pay for servers there anonymously using Bitcoin, but other than that, I can see no connection to Bitcoin.  No one appears to be mining or anything on your computer.
The hosting company behind getaddr.bitnodes.io also runs a crawler that enumerates Bitcoin nodes around the world for statistical purposes[1].  However, since you are not running a Bitcoin node on 8333 or any other port, they should not be pinging you at all (I hope!).
If you e-mail bitnodes, I'm guessing they would be helpful since it's not in their interest to have malware hosted on their clients' servers.  The contact info should be on their site.
My uneducated guess is that you are part of some kind of botnet, and that your computers are being used to send spam around the world.  But I'm a developer, not a security expert or malware analyst.  So I can't say for 100%.
If I were you, I'd make sure you're blocking 24, 465 on your router.  In fact, block all ports other than the ones you're not using.  You should be able to do that relatively easily using your router configuration software.  Once you've done that, try to figure out what malware (if any) is running on your computer.
In my past experience, the best solution for a Windows computer running with malware is a complete reinstallation, including reformatting the boot sector.  Beyond that, I'm afraid I'm not of much help since I haven't used Windows in quite a while.
1. See charts at: 
@_date: 2014-10-16 02:40:51
I wish I could agree with you 100%, but I can present a recent counterexample: Moolah.  As we see on the front page, it turns out that Moolah is (allegedly) a veteran scammer, and has probably absconded with everyone's money.
I was part of the Dogecoin community when Moolah came in, and I watched as he not only subsumed the community will, but convinced the community to chase out and censor any critics of his fraudulent activities, including several respected community members and *one of the community's founders*.  As someone who was working on a (legitimate) alternative to Moolah's services, it was a very disappointing thing to watch happen.  (it's also when I left Dogecoin permanently, which was a good thing in retrospect)
Whether the community was seduced by Moolah's charm and their greed or convinced by an army of his ringers is still not clear to me.   Probably both.
But it is clear that it takes a strong, alert community to resist this kind of experienced scammer.  Luckily, has grown to be such a community, but it's been a rocky path for all of us.
I'm not all bad news, though.  I do think there's probably a decent tech solution to this.  It's been pretty cool to watch how  leveraged GPG, Bitcoin signatures, Gribble, and an ad hoc web registration system to combat fraud very effectively.  If something could build a system to generalize this type of system to non-tech folks...