@_author: lurkerabove15
@_date: 2015-01-27 14:08:06
Yes of course child labor is terrible. Great job making your point about the evils of unchecked capitalism. Any more profound ideas to share?
Sorry but ethics can't be legislated. It is our responsibility as individuals to make those choices and this issue is at the very heart of the entire matter. The drug war is a sham and just as many crimes are committed by the state in its name. You can blame capitalism, or communism, or whateverism, but a weak, ignorant, and unempowered society of any political structure  can allow terrible things to happen. So it seems obvious to me that the silk road was an attempt by a free thinking and empowered individual to disregard powerful government influence  and allow individuals to exercise their own eithics, which while arguably not perfect, could be seen as a positive thing.
But maybe you're the type of person that disagrees and thinks that people should obey every law, no matter how abusive, badly written, or unethical. Maybe your grandparents owned slaves too.
Do you equate laws with ethics?
@_date: 2015-01-22 01:10:33
How about we donate all this money to his defense and ask them to provide us with a copy of the transcript, which they no doubt already have. I'm sure his parents would be happy to facilitate this if anyone can get in touch with them. What do you guys think?
@_date: 2015-01-22 01:38:21
I suppose if you looked at it from a purely market-driven perspective, you would only be purchasing the transcript from the party which would be willing to give you the best deal ;)  
  
1.20/per page /= good deal, but I'm sure that FreeRoss.org would happily accept whatever you could come up with on a daily basis. Just a thought, should you consider continuing this crowdfunding campaign.
@_date: 2015-01-22 01:13:29
What about donating all this money to Ross's defense fund and in exchange asking for a copy of the transcript, which the defense already has. Contacting his parents to get this going might expedite things. This way, we're not giving our money to the govt, Ross gets a better defense, and we get transcript copies, even if we don't meet the goal.
@_date: 2015-01-22 01:50:47
You're probably right. I sent FreeRoss.org a message pertaining to this idea. If they do happen to get in touch with you, give them my best!