@_author: lurkerwhocommented
@_date: 2016-06-15 01:26:26
The code was modified and rebased, but I believe that the diffs are the same, so there is effectively no difference.
I think the real reason is that
1. There were no requests for ACKs until just now.
2. The code changes are very complex and take a while to review.
If this is true, then I really wish that the ACK process started with the original non rebased code.
@_date: 2016-06-15 01:14:56
I think he means an identical-looking diff.  Guaranteeing the diff is the same is a little *tedious*, but not really *difficult*.  I assume was just explaining this to Gavin since most devs will assume that a rebase is just moving the base of a branch whereas this rebase was also changing the history of the branch.  This is probably what he means by calling it a "special effort", not that it was a difficult effort.
For anyone reading that's not a dev that knows git: Many devs do this all the time since it helps create a cleaner history of code changes.  I personally do this all the time, but it can be very time consuming in my experience.
@_date: 2016-06-15 02:04:05
It does help people understand scale, I'll give you that.
Plus BTC and the Marvel movies are both amazing. ;)
@_date: 2016-06-15 02:16:25
Since they're both bit by bit identical, it doesn't actually matter which version was reviewed other than the rebased version will be easier to understand by reviewers.  The history of changes was cleaned up, but the end result is the same.  If a reviewer just uses a squashed commit view to review, then there is no benefit whatsoever.  An ACK for one is just as valid as an ACK for the other.
The code has a high complexity, so it is almost certainly the biggest reason for the lack of ACKs.  It will take a significant amount of time to review critical code like this.
@_date: 2016-06-15 01:43:55
I can at least understand comparing a market cap of a currency to a market cap of a company, such as western union.  But is there really a point to compare it to the gross profit of a company?
Why not just compare it to some other arbitrary thing that involves $10.7Bln?
I'm not saying that what you're saying isn't true.  I'm just saying the usefulness of the information is questionable.
@_date: 2016-06-15 02:28:02
The segwit was published a couple of months ago and they are currently having a code review.  As far as I know, the step after that will be deployment.  I agree that it has taken way too long (with respect to the market sentiment), but code reviews are important for critical infrastructure.  In my opinion, what would have been more ideal is for the entire segwit process to start earlier so that the entire timeline would shift.
I don't blame them for how slow and careful they are when it comes to the process of releasing code.  I DO criticize them for not deploying *any* solution faster.  This could have been achieved by:
1. Starting development of segwit earlier and deploying it earlier.
2. Or using another scaling option (2MB hard fork or *anything* really).
Both of these are scaling options and were needed yesterday.  I don't actually care which is used and I would have supported either of them *as long as they were deployed to the network Jan 2016*.
The biggest issue I have with Core is not their solution, but their timeline.  The network is a *living entity* which means that time is critical.