@_author: lurkerdrop
@_date: 2014-01-19 05:45:50
This is something I've been thinking about a lot, and I sort of agree. I think coinholders' time spent should be based on their skills, eg programmers work to make it mainstream and straightforward to use as possible, entrepreneurs make it as visible as possible, designers create helpful infographics, etc. Everyone puts in money to make it more interesting for corporations and puts in their time helping those around them get involved in the ecosystem. This way very little time is spent "selling" Bitcoin to people, and way more time is spent improving the infrastructure and showing interested parties how to use it. People have a right to disagree, but it's wasteful to do anything but prove them wrong by making Bitcoin successful.
@_date: 2014-02-05 05:35:52
that's pretty cool...maybe that is the best way to go about it? I was trying to make the point twigs is making. I really think we should try to brainstorm ways that would make btc as accessible as possible in addition to meetups so that you don't need to directly know someone in the cryptocurrency sphere to get involved. Maybe that means funding the creation of videos like the intro video or something. I also just think this sort of thinking/brainstorming is a good addition to this subreddit :)
@_date: 2014-01-24 16:16:29
He seems like he may be qualified, but even the most qualified person can be wrong. He gives 0 reasons why his position is correct, other than a vague relation to the housing crisis, which was mostly caused by the Fed's ridiculously low interest rates, which in turn created an environment of excessive leverage (borrowing) and investment. It was houses, but it honestly could have been any commodity that created this issue--if gold prices were going up a little and suddenly everyone poured money into it, that's a bubble. The underlying value remained the same, but the price went up. Bubble.
Bitcoin is an asset unlike any we have seen before, and is certainly not mature like houses. If tomorrow, clothing suddenly shoots up in price, that's a bubble. However, if a start up based on a brand new technology shoots up in price, that's because the present gains in infrastructure and adoption have convinced people it's a smaller risk and a greater future reward than when it was really just a dream a few years ago. People just are not used to being invested this early in a company's life cycle, and so are surprised at the volatility and huge price increases based on actual value changes. 
And please don't trust anyone who says "no question about it"... there are always questions to be asked.
@_date: 2014-02-05 04:58:51
I completely agree--the two are fundamentally different. I look at Bitcoin as a payment company, and though that's not 100% accurate, you can use similar models to think about it and other companies (eg barriers to entry, as you've said). 
In a serious payment company start up, you need news and engineering talks/debates, but you also need serious hustle getting the product to people. I just want to make sure that we don't get arrogant in the face of our successes and just passively wait for BTC to be successful, since it still may all go away tomorrow. 
In other words, I don't think BTC should be not serious, just that we need to seriously focus on Acquisition if we want to make it big. We should actually start discussing how we want to accomplish that in this subreddit, I think. I for one would be down to come up with a list of major points we want to accomplish (eg PR campaigns or wallet creation drives) and then execute on those. I really think bitcoin is going to change the world, but it just needs our help to push it there.
@_date: 2014-05-02 14:58:17
I saw this in r/dogecoin when I was spying on them for ideas :) 
They take a bunch of currencies, including BTC and Doge. Sounds like a good cause too!
@_date: 2014-02-05 05:12:04
Fair, but this dogecoin comparison was just a helpful demonstration of how we could be in my opinion. I'm looking way past dogecoin, and to fiat. Just because we are at parity with a random cryptocurrency doesn't mean we shouldn't do way better, since our real competition is for the users of fiat
@_date: 2014-02-05 05:20:58
not sure if you're trying to be ironic so I don't know how to respond haha
@_date: 2014-02-05 05:03:15
I've seen a lot of both here, but my point can be taken beyond the subreddit. I think the issue bitcoin faces isn't that it's too serious (and that's actually the  thing in it's favor...I can't imagine a VC investing in a meme), but that we need to go out of our way to find the new users and educate the interested ones. I've seen tipping too of course, but I've seen many many people both in the subreddit and out of it disparaged for not knowing about the currency. I think a little kindness can go a long way, and I just want to make sure we don't rest on our laurels just because BTC has been so successful especially in the past year.
@_date: 2014-02-05 05:10:09
Doge will definitely not replace bitcoin...it is a meme, as you've said. Memes come and go. I just want to work to make sure bitcoin is understood and accepted by as many people as possible that are interested in it, but just don't know about it/understand it. 
Bitcoin has not won the real battle, which is mainstream adoption. It's the best cryptocurrency, which, to use a completely random analogy, is like being the best white rapper when only Vanilla Ice was around. I want BTC to be Eminem :)
@_date: 2014-11-13 00:49:55
great point, awesome idea! 
1000 bits @_date: 2014-02-05 05:06:01
See, I don't think that's true. I think we can make that happen, or it won't happen. There's a slow momentum that's been building which is very exciting, but it will be a long time before BTC is mainstream, let alone the dominant currency, especially if each of us aren't working towards that goal. As I've said in that thread, I'd love to nail down exactly what we should be doing to make that happen if anyone's interested
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:05:19
Haha I think what mr. quake was implying is that mathematically, BTC was just as much of a threat before as now since you could have sent starbucks .001 of a bitcoin before. 
It is NOT on par with the dollar...the market cap of BTC (Price * number of coins) is in the billions, while the GDP of the US alone is in the trillions. Still a ways to go 
@_date: 2013-11-27 23:37:19
haha no problem!