@_author: lurker1
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:23:36
I have this guy tagged as Genesis Mining shill. Redditor for 2 mos. Stay clear of Genesis, it's one of the bad ones, up to some shady stuff right now.
@_date: 2017-07-26 23:22:20
Too many things still don't add up.
* They say that mining was not affected and that they have all money owed (excepted hacked funds) but when they do start making payments they will "release them gradually"? They left users without funds for nearly a week, but they are only able to give it back a little bit at a time?
* They're saying there was a security incident and had to take payments offline to be extra cautious, yet still happily *accepted* payments and new customer data during the same period -- WITHOUT notifying said customers
* They lie about what their contract states about refunds (canned response contradicts contract terms)
Something is still very much off IMHO. Could it be they need a flow of new customers to make up the accumulated missed payments, so they kept that flow coming?
@_date: 2017-07-30 06:30:57
I've said it before, but here we go again -- Marco Streng is a serial liar. He exaggerates to the extreme. He's the kid in 1st grade who says he has a pet elephant at home, but in reality just has a big dog that lost its hair.
My favorite lie is that the datacenter is in some secret location given that they list the flipping address on their website as their "operational" address. So, it is hardly a secret facility, it's the Mjölnir data center that Advania built for BitFury. Genesis uses a small portion of it (i.e., accounts for less than 15% of the current electrical usage of the facility). 
You can see the construction of the facility here: 
More info about the facility 
There likely was no 747 rented. Maybe a private charter jet? A [747 could hold 285,763 lbs max]( Based on [cards shown in the videos on their site for the Enigma farm](
), you're looking at a maximum of 124,245 video cards (weight, not volume is the limiting factor, even in retail packaging).
Their data center has [6 GPUs X 20 servers per rack X 33 racks per row X 2 rows]( for a total of 7920 GPUs. If the rows are double sided (they claim they are, though that is also false), we're looking at a maximum of 15,840 GPUs for the whole farm. So if they bought and shipped the WHOLE farm at once, you're looking at using 12.7% of a 747 -- i.e., maybe it happened that they rented a plane for shipping, but no way was it an entire 747 just for this purpose.
The fun part is that [in this video]( you can clearly see that it is NOT double-sided on each row, and best of all Marco lies about how many would be in that row ("over 10,000" -- a lie even if it was double-sided).
Here's [another video]( of him going on about how secretive the site is. He ain't fooling anybody. Here he's showing the video of the ORIGINAL layout of the Enigma farm from last year. It has since been rebuilt into the individual boxes loaded with 6 cards each for easier maintenance. Before it was a huge long continuous row of cards that was sort of difficult to figure out which motherboard each card went with on the row below. Now the boxes are self-contained and can be pulled at-will. He even stumbles over his words to correct his lie at around 2m 28s (so that's um, our mining... *one of our* mining facilities).
@_date: 2017-07-31 02:06:18
The video of construction demonstartes BitFury uses 8.5 MW. I had a colleague contact Advania directly and inquire about current usage. When asked by a colleague, they had indicated there was 10MW in use, and that they are far from the electrical capacity (although tight on space). They are still leasing more spots in the facility. [You can contact them using the form at the bottom of this page and ask any questions you'd like](
10 MW - 8.5 MW = 1.5 MW which is the most that would be in use by Genesis, if there were no other tenants. Unfortunately for Genesis, [there are other tenants too]( I just granted them the entire remainder of 1.5 MW to give a max.
It's consistent with the 7920 GPUs they operate there (see previous math with video proof). Multiply it out, and you'll get 1.06 MW for the GPUs alone (conservatively 135 W usage per GPU to beef up their power utilization). Add to that motherboard/USB overhead, switches, and cooling, and it could start to approach slightly higher numbers -- which are impressive as-is, but no more than 15%.
You might also try reaching out to [this guy]( directly for interview purposes if you're also a journalist. And media for querying BitFury who would be able to speak towards their own usage at that facility.
I also contacted other tenants at the facility, but none wanted to be interviewed, and/or were willing to confirm or deny whether or not they had equipment in the facility and/or how much power utilization they drew.
@_date: 2017-07-30 06:07:02
The contract terms do provide for a pro-rated refund when the customer terminates the contract for good cause. [You're not alone]( in receiving that canned response, however.
@_date: 2017-07-14 03:35:33
Already reported. SEC seems to hint there might be an investigation on-going, and links to information about cloud mining ponzi scams.
Terrifyingly they hadn't connected the dots between the Logos Fund and Genesis Mining when I spoke to them last. I had to connect that dot for them.
@_date: 2017-07-30 07:22:35
Exit scam
@_date: 2017-07-30 07:00:08
With regards to how the company is setup, it gets worse.
They had KPMG set up a front for their company in Iceland where they have an operational address at the Mjölnir data center, but KPMG acts as their main address there.
Their actual operation runs out of Hong Kong, but their bank accounts are in Taiwan. The contract is written in English, with German phrases sprinkled in that override the adjacent English terms. The contract also states that any disputes must be resolved through the local courts in Munich.
So how would a court in Munich compel a company in Hong Kong to release funds from a bank in Taiwan? Even if you were able to (from whatever country you're in) bring a suit in Munich, the courts there would be powerless to actually force the company to pay any damages.
@_date: 2017-07-30 04:15:49
In this case, not FUD. [You can watch the Genesis-Mining sh*tstorm here live](
They're not paying their customers with Ethereum contracts (among other alts). Only 6 customers were paid Ether during last payment cycle. Genesis promised 2 payments per day to catch up with past due payments.
They're still quite behind on BTC payments at this time as well.