@_author: lurker4lyfe6969
@_date: 2017-12-19 12:08:55
That better be a shelter dog 
@_date: 2019-10-09 13:37:28
Tibet and Xinjiang? What war is being waged there? The places you mentioned are all in China. Let’s not forget these are smear campaigns perpetrated by the west against China in a similar fashion to those it does in places like Latin America. 
And when you say international, NATO affiliated countries aren’t the whole world. This issue takes a largely political dimension than a real concern for Human Rights. Let’s not forget America support and props up the brutal monarchy of the Saudis who’ve waged a brutal campaign against its own citizens and those of Yemen. Can you explain how the US gets away from committing various forms of murder all over the world, the Afghan farmers being one of the latest, and it’s been reported that they’ve caused more civilian deaths than the Taliban, how are they not being dragged into the Human Rights court for these atrocities? 
It seems the double standard reveals certain privileges possessed by those who’s got control of the media
@_date: 2019-10-09 15:01:41
Nice talk. Have a nice day. 
I’ve had my fill of misrepresentation, oversimplifications, and insincere virtue signaling as well.
@_date: 2019-10-09 12:23:08
Hur hur hur
@_date: 2019-10-09 14:21:15
Economic outflow restrictions? What does that have to do with anything, why do you keep moving the goal post whenever your preconceived notions get debunked?
America is engaging in trade wars and economic bullying. Why does it matter if China tries to protect itself from capital flight? Will you stop with the double standard? And what does religious freedom have to do with anything? I guess you wouldn’t know this because you seem to only be concerned with virtue signaling rather than a genuine effort to know a country. 
The country is more pluralistic than America who has long genocided those who weren’t compatible with the Anglo-Protestant or whatever flavor of Christianity everyone is practicing. I don’t even know where you get the balls to say that when China has 20 million Muslims in their country. Do you think America would tolerate millions of Muslims in their country?
You live in a country that use to have a lot of native Americans, now these people are all but extinct and living in reservations, I don’t need to take bullshit from people who think this is how you treat those different
First, you broke every treaty you had with them, stole their lands, then filled it with African slaves to work the field, and then genocided them when they fought back then stuck em in reservations. But that shit is always hush hush around here. No reparations, just constant boot stomping to the neck. I mean they’re happy with their casinos right?n
Here’s a vlog about a guy that travels all over China you tell me who’s got more diversity 
Maybe seeing this would make you a little more cultured and rid you of that colonial mind set
@_date: 2019-10-09 13:11:06
How is it whataboutism? Seems to me you’re trying to rationalize your way out of facts that doesn’t fit your preconceived ideas. How is what the US does equivalent to a country that doesn’t engage in unilateral use of hard power?
Let’s lay down the facts, US is engaged in multiple wars, China has zero can’t get any simpler than that. You should like this since ya’ll lover oversimplifications
@_date: 2019-10-09 13:50:39
It’s because your government is engaging in projection and media manipulation. I’m sorry but if you say you can’t trust your government, then how come you trust them about what they say about China? This is a country that has attempted to colonize China in the past, an imperialist country that hasn’t stopped expanding its influence since after World War II. 
It’s hard to believe you understand the situation  when you parrot every propaganda coming from your fake news media
Xinjiang isn’t being ethnically cleansed. 
You wanna see what ethnically cleansed look like?
Look at the Middle East and the Muslim graveyard it has become. That’s not China’s doing
@_date: 2019-10-09 13:21:44
How is it communist dictatorship? People are free to engage in any and every entrepreneurial endeavor they choose, if anything most complain about the lack of regulations. I don’t think I’ve heard that one before other than from people who have no idea what they’re talking about. 
So you’re basically saying Free Market economics is being beaten by top down centralized command and control economics. Dude get your story straight
Edit: even India have seen the folly of mindlessly espousing western economic ideas such as “Free markets” as it often is just a neoliberal agenda perpetrated on undeveloped markets that promotes its dominance. America hates China because it was too smart to fall for that malarkey
@_date: 2018-03-10 19:58:05
Apparently it goes great with tomatoes. Are we still talking about block chains? 