@_author: lux-capacitor
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:11:34
First, this guide is great, much appreciated!
Thing is, the argument department is reading way too into things lately... 
I'm not with/against Coinbase, but development takes time - usually longer than estimated. Look at the AWS devs who mistakenly purged ALL US-East servers and brought 1/3 the US internet businesses down because of a forgotten flag in terminal cmd... would you rather they take time to do it well, or suddenly have one of the largest wallet systems crash and burn overnight? THAT would fuck with the price WAY more..
Their site front-end COULDN'T handle the spike in concurrent user sessions even when they announced it, is that "intentional" too? Displaying your ISP network Load Balancer error msgs? They clearly have technical debt they're quietly trying to deal with.. saying that shitshow of errors is intentional is nonsense.. they blocked buying AND selling of bcash on it probably because they have some fucked up part of it still.. (yes I know you can on gdax... but thinking they are literally the same server architecture is downright stupid, gdax came after if i'm not mistaken, maybe theres some tech debt in there thats fucking them sideways).
Sure, several places have implemented it "in a day" - but they probably aren't nearly as big as Coinbase. 1 mil vs 100 mil users is a HUGE difference in infrastructure concerns. If you have not directly worked on architecture with 100+ million users (let alone 500+ million), please stop screaming because the amount of technical debt that you combat as you grow that big that fast is astronomical... 
I'm not saying it wasn't playing into the bcash hands in some fashion, but dev work is fucking hard sometimes when you can't just start fresh with each new feature addition and you gain a million users or more a week if not a day... saying its all evil manipulation is just ignorant to how programming works sometimes..sure some is political bullshit, but its also part simply evolving an IN-PLACE SYSTEM with ZERO DOWNTIME..
Some devs think they know fucking everything and its so blindly arrogant. Yes, you probably made some amazing things in your career and scaled to the moon, but theres 5509420384 ways to build a web architecture and 239742934729374 ways it can fuck you into oblivion. If you are even remotely decent a dev to work with, you know not everything is done perfect.. and you work with challenges as you come. Aside from money I'd like to think its part of the reason people become developers on this shit.
