@_author: luxitup
@_date: 2017-06-10 20:56:26


Just because you Americans are used to getting it up the ass with bank fees and a shitty bank system in general doesn't mean that others have it the same way.
I pay absolutely nothing for using my card. I pay nothing to transfer money and it's all electronic, and it's all intra-day regardless of if it's inside my bank or to another bank. The fee for the merchant when I use my card is 0.03 usd.
@_date: 2017-06-10 22:08:58


@_date: 2017-06-11 07:47:42
Debet is how we spell it in Norway. I'm sorry for any confusion I must've caused. Though I have to say that I'm fairly pleased it's the only error you found considering English is not my native language. Also, who the fuck judges someone on wether they're stupid or not based on a single word and how it's spelt?
What side are you talking about? The bank is in it to make money, but as long as their cut is sufficiently low the merchants are willing to use them because they already have a system that works both online and offline and it's secure. The banks are fronting the costs for infrastructure and merchants are paying them back little by little. The people processing Bitcoin transactions are also doing it for the money.
No I don't think they gave me a Visa-enabled card as a charity. I rarely use the Visa side of the card though as when I go abroad I use a credit card. They gave me a card so that I'll spend more money easily but I have to buy food and clothes regardless of if it's done by card or cash. Cards just make it easier, more convenient for everyone, and more secure.
@_date: 2017-06-10 22:28:09
We don't use cash here. Because we're not reamed in the ass with bank fees. We use debet cards for everything running on our own network with Visa/MasterCard as fallback.
Noone cares about ATM fees because almost noone uses cash. In 2011 (6 years ago) only 6% of transferred monetary value during purchases was done with cash.
So please, how am I making myself looking stupid? I'm the one who knows how my own damn country operates.
@_date: 2017-06-10 22:17:58
Banks came together early on and developed a system called BankAxess. Our debet cards use that system when inside Norway but there's also Visa or Mastercard on the same card so they work seamlessly when abroad.
Third world countries in Africa are mainly using apps and texts to pay for things. And there's no reason not to. Fees can be even lower, the simplicity is unbeatable.  
We have an app in Norway too called Vipps that allows anyone to send money to anyone just from the phone number. They have a database with card details (for sending) and bank account numbers (for receiving) and if I need to send my friend money for a beer or something I just do it there. It's instant. They've also opened up the option for merchants to get paid through the app which is really smart for small one-off merchants like a bake sale, yard sale etc when it's too expensive or inconvenient to get a full card terminal.  
At my local football club that app is used to pay in the kiosk. Much faster than cards.