@_author: lxlqlxl
@_date: 2016-04-04 08:14:55
The raw data would be insane. I'd do it.... and probably will if ever available. I would just prefer the processed bit.. After they got done with OCR. 
@_date: 2016-04-04 08:20:48
That assumes that the person leaking it isn't an "arbitrary party". Also having this amount of access suggests they are not. Also you can't know if they encrypted or not. Once you have access to the data, you have a key so to speak to get the data. Do you think the data Snowden got was unencrypted? Think of encryption like you locking your car, and you have shit in your car. You open your car for someone, they come in, and take your shit. It doesn't mean the car was never locked. 
Now what I think you meant is better data protection schemes in general. Meaning limited access to data, and using hardware/software to detect when people are siphoning off large amounts of data. As well as "randomly" picking out people accessing the system, and the data they are accessing and determining whether they should be accessing that data or not. 
Not to mention better roles setup to where only a few people have access to all of the data. If it doesn't involve you... no access. 
@_date: 2016-04-04 20:29:40
That kind of thing would work in some scenarios but not all. When you are dealing with people who use data lockers, then yeah, you can use that kind of system. But if you are say a bank, and put customers data in a file, you can't necessarily give that customer access to that file. Certain things in it could be linked for other services but it's not something they should have access to. Now should everyone in the company be able to access it via a shared drive? No, not at all. But should the system admin? In most cases yes. 
@_date: 2014-01-12 01:32:38
The risk of this is, selling out too low thinking it will go even lower. If you sell at the bottom you can't really get back in, and make any money. Think about it like this, if you sold at the peak or pretty high back in april, and bought back in, at the lowest point, that's great you timed the market perfectly. However, Let's say you bought in at the lowest point, or very well near it, thinking it would surely go lower than that I believe it got down to around 50 at that point, and fast forward almost a year and 50 is nowhere in sight, and unless something drastic happens it won't hit 50 again. 
Also you don't know when it's going to really start dropping/going up there is a lot of false starts and stops. 
@_date: 2014-03-31 02:03:16
Seriously? How long have you been in this sub?, or have had any knowledge of bitcoin, and exchanges?
Bitstamp is an exchange like gox used to be. 
@_date: 2014-03-10 05:15:34
The only way that the banks will support it, or "a" bank maybe a few banks would be if they come up with the solution themselves and have full control over it (centralization), and likely all of the transactions hidden away from the average person. 
If a "new", and arguably "more secure" thing came along, it would not displace bitcoin, or other alt coins. 
@_date: 2014-01-14 19:29:55
It doesn't matter what the evidence is, most people who are religious will continue to be so. God himself could come down and tell all the rich people they are going to hell--if god existed that is, and they would label him the anti-christ or some shit. Humans are prone to delusion especially of a religious nature. 
Now as for the second part, I covered that. If one day everyday people get access to the kind hardware/software that would be capable of analyzing and interpreting that massive amount of data that we have today, do you think that a government would just stop developing? A government entity will always have access to quicker better faster technology. Right now the average citizen is easily 20/30 years behind technologically speaking, if not more. So if we all collectively kept parts of the data for around 30 years, we could one day piece it together, and really analyze it--which is not plausible. 
Your main assumption points to a belief that one day government capacity and or NSA capacity will reach equilibrium with the average citizen. I would be willing to bet everything that I have, that will never be the case, or at least within our lifetimes. The amount of data that they have is a shit tone more than they themselves can analyze accurately. The best that they can do or should be able to do unless they are far ahead of what we know to be possible is to simply search through the data. Say they wanted to know what you did in relation to what they could capture, they simply enter your name. Even a very minor search like that would take a bit to search through depending on how they have it configured and how efficient their database is. 
Data transfer speed--I assume you mean HDD throughput, ten years ago was around 45MB/s HDD capacity maxed out to around 120GB each on the higher end. With speed the raptor could hit around 130MB/s. Now 10 years later HDD capacity is at roughly 4TB which is roughly 34 times greater in capacity. Hard drive throughput is roughly 400MB/s depending on if you have an SSD or not, but for the sake of making it more skewed to your favor let’s say the fastest SSD with the highest capacity mechanical hard drive. So let’s just say 500MB/s Even if you use the 45MB/s figure that’s only roughly 11 times greater. So using those figures if the trend holds true and we get a lot of advancement like we did in the previous decade which I doubt that would put throughput at 5.5GB/s and hard drive size at 136TB. In order to even hold all of the data that the NSA can hold in that Utah data center, that would be an increase of 3,145,728 times. Rather than… 34 if you have it all on one hard drive, even if you go insane and say every computer will have 10 hard drives, that’s still 314,572.8. That would be a huge fucking leap in technology. Just to give you an idea of how huge of a fucking leap, even if you put the average computer in ten years at 5.5GB/s it would take roughly 76,000 years to just read 12EB of data. 
The reason that the NSA can read/access the data quickly is due to the total amount of servers that is accessing that total combined data. When you have many access points all being able to access fairly quickly the read/write speed increases. 
With that said, unless aliens come down or we have a huge leap in advancement that puts everyone on an equal playing field so many fucking levels above where we are now, it’s just not going to happen. Again will the average human reach these kinds of capacities and speeds necessary to access it one day? Sure if we live that long, but for at the very least 30 years we will not. And who is really going to want to hold onto that much of shit for 30 years to one day be able to really access it. It would have to be spread out in chunks with many people only holding onto a very small chunk of the data, and hoping that none of the chunks turn up missing and or not shared across the network. Even if you put the chunks at 4TB each which by today’s standards for the average home user would be fucking insane, would need roughly 3.2 million unique chunks, and that would need to be maintained for at least 30 years. Sure over time, the amount of unique chunks could shrink but that would have to be one hell of an effort to try to maintain the integrity of the data along with bringing everyone together to do such a thing, so again 10 years? That’s laughable, seriously. 
If we one day get this kind of capacity, do you honestly think that governments will not advance at all? Do you think that one day the average consumer will advance to the point we could easily take the capacity of 10k/100k servers? You are not thinking this through at all, you are thinking magically at best. 
With that said, would it be nice to do something like what you want? It depends on your perspective, it appears that you think that it would, and completely oblivious to the law of unintended consequences. Would it be nice for the average consumer to have that amount of storage capacity and speed? Yes it would, but it’s pie in the sky kind of dreaming at this point. 10-20 years is laughable, 30 years it becomes probable, 40 years plausible, 50 years possible, 60 years likely. Granted those are arbitrary figures and assumes the rate of advancement remains consistent and not falling off and reaching a plateau. 
Also the notion that it will be guarded by the state? You assume that it will all be kept in one central location being "guarded", what would likely happen is that over the years the capacity would increase, new facilities being built and that data being transferred over. Each time that happens, the bar gets raised higher and higher, and due to the number of servers it will always be higher than the average consumer. The only way for what you want to happen is for we collectively to gain a chunk of the data and hold it in hopes that one day we piece it together 30/60 years from now, which would be an insane collaborative effort. You seriously need to run the numbers. Just remember 1024GB-&gt;1024TB-&gt;1024PB-&gt;EB*12.
@_date: 2014-02-14 08:40:19
No problem and good luck It looks to be rebounding now a little bit, but I am not sure how much longer that will hold. I could be wrong and it starts to go back up now, but I do think it will drop a little further... Don't put any value on that though I have been wrong in the past and this is just my guess, it's your money so... 
Take care and happy hunting...
@_date: 2014-01-02 18:21:48
Maybe my brain isn't working too well but I haven't heard "no fees" very much. You can do it with no fee but it will take a hell of a long time to confirm. The fees are cheaper than just about any other method if not all other methods though. If someone does say no fees, I would simply correct them and say low fees if you want it to confirm within a reasonable time frame. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:46:17
Completely ignorant logic. Anything can be used for illegal means, hell I could take a pink stuffed bunny and potentially kill someone with it, or pay someone in USD, to do it. I mean hell by the rational he uses, we should ban everything including USD, well first and foremost USD. 
@_date: 2014-02-14 07:44:38
Only those that are coding know that, but the problem isn't really a problem, only one exchange is bothered by this from my understanding and it was due to their inability to code around an issue known since 2011. 
@_date: 2014-02-20 21:06:57
188 to go..
@_date: 2014-02-20 21:06:05
In an ideal world, I would agree. It's just when you are involved in things up close and personal you can get a bit of tunnel vision, and think everything is alright and it's only when you look around you that you see the real reaction from people. This could add to the reaction so to speak and hopefully influence any decisions regarding removing him. 
@_date: 2014-03-22 03:33:33
Maybe they meant "I will fill my sack with your despair".
@_date: 2014-01-22 08:21:03
The key thing to understand is a 51% attack albeit bad, is not as bad as someone controlling a lot more than that. When an entity controls a large portion of the hashrate they can begin to roll back expenditures of sorts. Each time you will need larger and larger portions of the hashrate. In order for it to really damage bitcoin in that way my guess is the total hashrate an entity would need to control is around 90% if not higher. The nationalization deal would be hard to do in the U.S. 
The reason why a government wouldn't do this is because bitcoin is not in competition with currency like the USD. The only entities that should be fearful at all of bitcoin would be companies like paypal, square, and to a lesser extent banks in the realm of bank/debit cards that are tied to checking accounts. Bitcoin is not in competition with credit cards due to no banks issuing bitcoin for credit, that may happen in the future but I don't see it happening, not without insane rates. 
@_date: 2014-01-01 08:40:43
How much is a few thousand doge? I currently have around 700k doge. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 15:12:54
Nice effort but it doesn't solve the problem. While this could easily work for a diner, it wouldn't work as a solution for the bartender. You would have to integrate a third party payment processor like bitpay into the app and still have some kind of way to quickly verify that everything went through. For instance if they slide a credit card or bitcoin by scanning the QR code having something like "Payment Accepted" or "Paid" show up. If the payment method was rejected then "Payment Rejected" or "Rejected" popup in red font. Both being large font so it's easy to read when moving quickly.
I am not sure about the claimed/not claimed deal, and the images for each, would these be randomly chosen? If not it would suggest customers would have to download and use an app in order to use the payment method. If this is true, then it would be a bad idea in my opinion, you don't want to limit customers in this way. Also making the tips seem mandatory and set it at 15% would not be the way I would go, and it could push people away from using it, and using cash instead, or going to another establishment. You can keep it as a suggestion though and that should be fine. Like pay with tip, or pay without tip, and or enter custom tip. For instance say you didn't like your service--bartender was too slow, or they were rude. Or let's say they offered impeccable service and you wanted to tip 20/30/40% or not even going off of percentages, as most people don't think in that way. So leaving a box open for them to enter a custom dollar amount would be ideal. Say your order was 30 bucks but the server was super nice and super quick and you wanted to tip them a 20. In order to figure out how much that would be they would have to calculate it and then enter the percentage. 
Again though a good first effort, and again I think it could work a bit mostly in diners, I just don't think it would work in the bartending scene as is, unless it was altered, and not trying to push people to have to download an app. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 10:40:29
Sorry but no.. Governments do not grant monopolies for the ISP's the local municipalities do. So long as the internet is not deemed a common carrier they can do shit like say only one cable company can service this area. Just an FYI, most of your "free market" like minded people like you, agree to the monopoly bullshit. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 12:08:54
It depends on what happens after the point of purchase. If the merchant immediately exchanges to fiat via selling at fair market value, then it would put downward pressure on the price of bitcoin. However, this could also show the person purchasing goods with bitcoin the utility of bitcoin and they go back and buy at some time in the near future putting upward pressure on bitcoin--so long as they buy the same way they sell--at fair market value. The key thing to understand is how the markets work. If I put a bitcoin on the market for x amount of price, and someone buys it for that price, it puts a downward pressure on the price, if I sell for whatever price it is at, at that time, then it puts an upward pressure on the price, conversely when I sell bitcoin, if I sell at whatever price it is at, at that time then it would put downward pressure on the price. If I placed the bitcoin at a specific price, and it sold, then it would put upward pressure on the price. 
With that said, if a merchant accepts bitcoin, that could provoke more people to buy in which if they bought in at market value then the price would tend to go up. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 09:47:09
The only one I have found that you can even enter 3000 coins is huobi, and yeah the price increase isn't that much, but we are talking about close to 30k coins, not 3k. If someone bought anywhere near 3k at once right now, the price would not "immediately" go that high on certain exchanges, but you can bet with some certainty that the price would not just hover around for a while. It would almost certainly spike. How big of a spike? Who knows, but I would be comfortable in saying that it would be well above 40 per, and yeah it would likely fall and rise quite a few times before it settled back down. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 22:02:05
I watch Justified every time it comes out, as well as Almost Human. I don't check reddit every hour, or every other day for that matter, it's just when I have time, and want to check it out. If I notice a post about the Justified reference, and if I agree with what it's trying to portray, I will be more than happy to up vote it. 
Again this is me personally, and I don't claim to be the average Bitcoin user. 
@_date: 2014-01-03 07:44:18
When you buy something from someone do they scan the serial number? That bill can be moved through hundreds of hands before it gets to a bank. With bitcoin it's possible to do off chain transactions, but that is not how it is usually done, and without checking the net every once in a while someone can say they are giving you 1 bitcoin for x amount without actually doing it. It's not as smile as handing over cash. 
As for marked bills, yeah bills can be marked, but those marked bills can also be laundered. The only thing similar to bitcoin in that regard is a mixing service. While it does something similar, it's still possible to track, just much, much harder. 
Now as for all of the shit you brought up with cash. That is a very minute portion of the total transactions with cash. Every bill is not tagged with RFID for example. 
As for the datamining bank logs, sure that can happen and it can be traced that way to some extent, but it takes a hell of a lot of resources to do. With bitcoin it wouldn't take nearly as much to do. 
Now as for the proper tools, I assume you mean a mixing service, proxies, and fake identities? If you take the fake identity out of the equation it doesn't work that well in regards to how the trend is going with bitcoin. Meaning governments want exchanges to be able to put a name to an account. Not to mention tying it to a bank account in the easiest scenarios. Moving bitcoin through the system gets tracked by the blockchain, putting money in, and taking money out gets tracked by other methods. 
With the quote, I fully get that cash can be tracked in certain instances, but those instances are very few in comparison to bitcoin as a percentage of all transactions. 
@_date: 2014-07-02 02:41:16
phishing != hacking... 
With that said, what they plan on doing is not legal, and if caught can be arrested. It's just not "hacking". Hacking actually requires a bit of skill, phishing the bare minimum would be an e-mail address. Even in the more advanced phishing, knowing how to create, or reverse engineer a website would be about all you would need, that and a convincing domain name. 
@_date: 2014-01-07 22:23:21
To put it as simply as possible, moving funds around is harder than moving bitcoins around. If you could move USD/Bitcoin easily from one to the next that could work. Right now you can say move 5 bitcoin into one exchange, day trade with it to your hearts content, then move whatever you have in bitcoin back to your wallet of choice then do whatever you want with it from that point. If you move it to a different exchange then so be it. The key to what you want to do though is negated by only being able to put bitcoin in, and take bitcoin out quickly. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 06:06:51
About time?
@_date: 2014-01-15 09:48:59
If only... If there were competition here I would likely choose that competition over TWC, especially if the competition was a smaller company.
@_date: 2014-01-15 19:49:38
Not in the "government" sense. They do not have all of the powers that a state government and or federal government. They can barely be labeled a local government. 
@_date: 2014-07-01 23:18:03
Yeah, if you are low on fiat, and want a spur of the moment item, but have bitcoin, but no quick way to turn it into cash, that can help stop some of those impulse buys, now well... fuck.. I wonder if newegg factored that into their decision. I am sure someone somewhere in the decision making process likely brought it up. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 17:48:50
If something is "better", then you don't have to overcome much. The key is not really how many transactions, but how many people are used to using it. If bitcoin keeps going on and on for a long period of time, let's say 20 years with no better technology coming along, then yes it will be very hard to take over at that point. But, here's the thing it would follow the same trajectory as bitcoin, or very similar. A lot of people talk about bitcoin taking over fiat, and this and that, but in my view it wont. I view bitcoin as an addition to, not replacement of. The only things bitcoin could really replace are things like western union, paypal, square and debit cards. A credit card unless someone opens up a bit bank and provides credit, otherwise it won't happen so I don't see bitcoin taking over credit cards any time soon. 
My main point is this, when people get used to something it's hard to switch to something else. If something comes along in the next 2 to 3 years, it won't have that big of a burden, especially if it is very similar to bitcoin and remains decentralized. The longer bitcoin is in play, the more adoption it gets, then it will be relatively harder to change. Think of it like a large cargo ship turning around. Can it happen? Yes, but it takes time. Bitcoin in relation to those markets listed above, is slowly turning the ship so to speak. If and or when that happens it will be the same deal for something else. 
@_date: 2014-01-02 17:54:41
How about explaining how it is not "anonymous"? Bitcoin is by far not anonymous. Is it hard to put a name to an address? Yes, but is it impossible? No. Cash is by far more anonymous than bitcoin could ever hope to be.
With that said, if you sell it as "identity protection", it would be false just like telling them it's anonymous. You can use mixing services that can make it much harder to trace but that will cost you to do it. 
@_date: 2014-02-23 09:15:07
That's odd, it's showing 2 comments, yet 


Anyway, I am not sure about any movies, but there has been quite a few mentions on TV shows, The Good Wife mentioned it once, if I remember it correctly the creater of bitcoin--which no one knows, or as far as we know anyway, but on the show the "creator", got sued by the government for some reason. 
Also Bitcoin is fairly prominent in a show called "Almost Human". It appears their main form if not only form of currency is in bitcoin. By the looks of it, they use USB like sticks that may have some type of RFID type tech that allows easy scanning/reading or some shit. I think there were a few more but I can't think of any right now. Using google, the Blacklist, mentions bitcoin, as well as "Criminal Minds". 
@_date: 2014-06-30 06:12:24
I am sorry that I lead you to believe I am for a consumption based tax alone. That would be detrimental to all but the rich, as even less of their income is spent on consumption, and the poor and middle class spend most of what they bring in, mostly out of necessity, and or simple living expenses. The only way a consumption based tax would really work is if everyone had their own separate tax rate, based on income, and or net worth, but that would be even more intrusive, and would not work that well for the very rich as the taxes would have to be fairly high, and they could easily purchase overseas, or under the table a lot easier than an average person could. 
@_date: 2014-01-11 17:36:50
Your tone suggests you speak to some authority about it? Do you know something the rest of us don't? Saying that they "will" slap Huobi down is absolute language. Now could they? Sure I am very aware of that possibility. But I do not have a crystal ball and neither do you. What I belive however is that BTC China is back up and running, although not back to full force due to Huobi stepping in and taking their marketshare while they were scrambling around, if Huobi goes down, I am sure another will step in and take it's place. The volume will never go down to 0 in China. It may go down quite a bit, but it is very unlikely to go back down to 0 due to state powers. Other market forces sure but not that. 
Now as for it being sustainable? The real question is, with all the new adoption, and the hellacious headroom bitcoin has, the real question should be is this low of a price sustainable? The more people that get into the market the higher the price will get. 
@_date: 2014-01-02 10:06:31
What is supposed to happen at the end of the month? BTC China's volume is going up now, and they are accepting deposits again.
@_date: 2014-06-30 10:18:40
If the price is actually accurate, then  it would be possible that they would not know other peoples bids at the time. Time may tell whether those numbers are accurate or not. 
Now as for the 100 in less than a second? I have been involved with bitcoin at some point or another since late 2010 early 2011, and have watched the markets off and on, paying very close attention in all of the recent run ups, and unless I was asleep at the time, I have yet to see a 100 USD jump in less than a second. In a relatively quick time frame sure, but less than a second no. If you have some proof of that, I would really be interested in seeing it. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 17:41:20
I understand that fully, but you are not taking into account time. The longer the technology is out there and the more widespread it is in this manner from the get go, the easier it will be to circumvent. Or do you want to wait until there is a huge issue, likely lost money across the board then implement something this simple? Security should always be proactive so long as it's logical and doesn't seriously hinder the project. Adding bitpay would take risk from you, and put it on bitpay. This should be a nobrainer. It would be very easy to implment, and hell if you wanted you could simply make it optional. Merchant do you want to enter bitpay information if no, then scan your wallet and any transaction will be deposited there. If yes enter bitpay information. This is not rocket science. 
The real bad ideas on this thread is trying to heavily monetize something like this by taking a percentage of sales. The app should cost something but taking a percentage would take quite a bit more effort/risk than having a simple one time fee. It also opens up the app developer of being undercut by offering a competing app for a standard fee and that first mover status would be eaten up very quickly. Any app like this would be relatively simple to do and or replicate. 
Now as for waiting for 10 minutes for a confirmation? It really depends on how the network is playing out. I don't know how much you have dealt with bitcoin in the past or recently, but even getting a single transaction to confirm once even with a fee over the standard takes quite a bit longer. I have made transactions where it has taken up to two hours to get a single confirmation, and again with a fee over the standard. So again, bitpay is ideal for this. 
Now as for most merchants absorbing the risk? They could do that now but it's almost a certainty that the risk becomes too great due to new technology and methods to circumvent it. You have to have at least some layer there to hinder it. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 08:59:17
900 for each of the 3k coins, the first 9 blocks were 3k each, and the last block being less. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 20:16:37
"There is no competition in Broadband because of Government interference." That interference being something that was lobbied by the ISP's. They grant certain access rights to gain that monopoly. A local municipality has very limited power. When you use the language you do, you are suggesting that all levels of government are the same and or have equal power, they don't. The FCC is a regulating agency, it's what they do. A municipality creates ordinances and adheres to federal and state laws, and can grant certain rights. If those rights are only good for a select few and or not good for the people as a whole, a more powerful regulating agency can step in and do certain things to make things a bit more even. 
Not all levels of government are the same. Now as for removing the initial government interference? Do you vote for your mayor? Do you vote for your city council? 
Are you of the mindset that if the government just didn't interfere at all then the unregulated free market would regulate itself and all will be well? If so I honestly feel sorry for you. I am not saying that government state/federal can't do things that are harmful, and or create idiotic regulations, and or that municipalities can't fuck up as well, but leaving markets to their own devices would be even more idiotic. Certain things need regulation, all regulation is not bad. Unless of course you don't like clean drinking water and seeing your local streams and rivers catch fire. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 16:38:04
Maybe someone else has said this before in this post, I don't have time to read it, but the the issue is not about getting a "credit card" or not. Bitcoin is not a replacement for credit. Now you can get a bank account, you should be able to find one with no fees somewhere, and then... Debit card. You can run a debit card just like you can a credit card, with the exception is that it is not credit. There are no credit checks or shit like that because it's not... credit. 
Now say for some reason you can't get a bank account, how are you supposed to buy shit online? Well that's fairly simple to do. You can get a visa gift card, and load it with money, it acts exactly like a credit card when buying shit online, minus the whole...... credit..... deal. 
So there you go 2 valid reasons to show why 


is bullshit. They may not know how, but it's still possible. 
Also it's good to use them when you are buying from a site that you may not have all that much confidence in. That way if something happens to your information, all they could really access is what you load onto the card. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 10:02:56
"Net neutrality legislation would have every ISP charge the same fee to any customer regardless of how much bandwidth a customer is using?" - Wrong. Net neutrality is centered around treating every bit of data on the internet as being equal. Which means an ISP can't slow down access to one site over that of another. For instance let's say NBC/Comcast has a site that streams video, and they are competing with Netflix, net neutrality would simply mean that they cannot slow Netflix traffic down. It also means that ISP's can't say hey give me some money and I will make your sites access have priority over others, and the ones that don't play ball, slow them down. 
@_date: 2014-02-12 22:45:11
Wish I could upvote more.. I was having a somewhat similar problem with the qt just crashing, and tried this just not thinking it would work and so far it appears to. It's behind so once it catches up and shut down, and restart to see if the problem was fully resolved. 
For those who do not know how to "execute with -reindex" or execute with a command like that, if you have windows go to the program location copy that and paste into run, with a space and -reindex. Or you can click start, find the program icon, or go to your desktop if it's there. Then within the "Target" field, copy that to run then hit space and type -reindex. You can change the target to that as well, but you would have to delete that after, or the next time you run it, it will re index again. 
You can also do it through the command prompt but, most who already know how to do it through run, should know how to do it through the command prompt. 
@_date: 2014-05-23 01:56:44
The market cap, for me isn't really a good or bad way, it's about the only way you can get a handle on it. Due to destroyed/lost coins you will never really know the true cap. You can make some somewhat intelligent guesses, but it will never anywhere near accurate. 
For me lost or destroyed doesn't matter both do not accurately describe the limbo they are in. The coins existence in the block chain will be there regardless, but just not being able to access them. Saying "lost", is like there is a somewhat decent chance of finding them, like "I lost my car keys", when in reality only in certain instances that would be accurate. In that sense, misplaced is more accurate. 
Now as for the "irreversible state", If you can never recover them, then it is irreversible. The reason this was built into the protocol is to make it deflationary overall. Just like you can destroy, or lose a dollar bill, you can do the same with bitcoin, but instead of that dollar eventually being replaced, the bitcoin will not, so it puts deflationary pressure on the market. 
One last thing, now as for the "no such thing" bit, actually market capitalization is within economics, just not directly related to something like a currency. It's in the realm of the stock market. Bitcoin shares some commonalities with issuing shares so it's not totally out there to make the comparison. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 22:09:12
I am not sure how you got burnt out over it(13 episode seasons--personally wish it was more), but hey. I think the story line has dropped a bit, and less comedic events. The few times that Raylan broke, or hurt Dewey's nose, was very funny the way they set it up. I think they could increase the comedy a bit and it would help, but it's still enough to keep me watching. 
Also Walton Goggins is pretty damn good in the show. When he played in SOA, another show I watch every ep of. I couldn't believe that was really him. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 19:05:31
How is it naive? If they did do this, it would be found out in short order and it would hurt them as a whole. It would be like them stabbing themselves in the neck. So it's not "dangerous", not in the least. If it were a bank or other entity that had some interest in bitcoin being devalued then sure, but their interests are aligned with a healthy future for bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-01-03 12:02:43
For one, buying something with bitcoin isn't "anonymizing" anything. Bitcoin is not anonymous. It is hard to track right now, but as we go along it will become easier and easier.
One of the main reasons to use Bitcoin for any transaction is low fees in relation to other methods. Businesses have to pay so much per transaction via credit card. If a business accepted bitcoin their fees should be lower overall. 
Now as for hiding shit from the government. If this is your end goal for any transactions made then I suggest switching to cash and only buying from shops with very little to no surveillance, and use fairly old cash registers that are not connected to a network. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 18:13:02
The network itself, but not the ancillary technologies like an app like this. Think of a credit card, when first introduced they were relatively secure, but there are ways around it. For something like this, think of it like putting a strip reader on an atm for instance. With this, it would have to be a bit more technical but not impossible. 
The deal with the network so to speak is a 51% or greater attack. Right now the bitcoin network has a few large players rather than a lot of smaller ones. The incentives to attack the network would go against keeping it more secure. 
Any technology can be circumvented, even if it's very secure it's just a matter of time and effort before it is. Without using a third party payment processor and or putting better security measures in place you essentially lower the bar and put more risk on the businesses. That is what bitpay is there for, they take some of the risk away. 
The more bitcoin becomes popular the more security issues will come up. When you put an incentive like money out there, you can get all kinds of people trying to take it. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 14:49:14
I think it depends, but let's hope so. Or at least let's hope that who ever does get them is not stupid enough to dump all of them at once onto the market. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 02:02:44
That and drugs, killing, etc. Banning something does not mean that it stops something. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 08:56:31
You would have to do it all at once, or very slowly. Doing it all at once would spike the price making any future purchases more expensive. Buying 10k on bitstamp for instance right now would immediately spike the price to 1k, and the wave of ups and downs after that would be,... incredible. 
@_date: 2014-02-14 08:01:31
The way things are heading, you might be able to get a cheap one or two, if you wanted, just steer clear of mt gox for the time being. Look up other exchanges and see how they are doing. I have not bought any BTC, what I have I mined. Look into coinbase, I think you can buy via credit card or something. But if I were you I would wait til it leveled off a bit, and right at the start of going back up, buy in. So if you want put some money in somewhere like coinbase, or an exchange that seems to be functioning correctly, search here and elsewhere to find one, and then when the time comes... buy some. Or buy now whichever. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 10:08:04
How would treating each packet of data equally be "harmful". How would allowing ISP's who are already some of the most profitable industries to gouge you and services you use somehow "better"? I bet you would also be fine with removing the EPA, and any number of other government agencies that are actually beneficial, or were for a while before the right detoothed them. 
@_date: 2014-01-02 10:07:55
Article is out of date, and or using old information. Should be updated and or not have the "6 mins ago" tag there suggesting it was submitted recently. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 10:05:02
Not exactly, they could decide to lower it's priority/slowing it down and force you to not to. You don't have to use deep packet inspection to see if it's encrypted or being sent via VPN. I am not saying they would do that, just that it is possible. If everyone, or a significant portion of people did that then it becomes more likely. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 06:06:09
I agree to some degree. I used to get frustrated all the time thinking why does hollywood do this, and not that. I try to pick my battles though and entertainment is just that. People who parrot the uneducated people trying to spread something good or bad about bitcoin but in a false/misleading way, I try to correct them or push them in the right direction, that's the best I can do with my limited resources. If they listen then great, if not then it's their choice. 
@_date: 2014-01-02 17:56:50
If enough people think it will, then it will...
@_date: 2014-01-02 18:12:31
Yeah I agree it wasn't really an unbiased poll, most aren't. New people to bitcoin and quite a few old tend to spread "facts" about bitcoin that I tend to dislike a lot more than things like this. Like suggesting bitcoin is anonymous for instance. I am not sure who started that, but it needs to be corrected. 
@_date: 2014-01-24 07:36:39
I am not a fan of his by any means, and when I heard some of the shit he was saying I thought yeah ok, you're a moron, but thinking about it in different contexts, he could be somewhat correct on a at least one of those things, like the first thing about replicating. You can replicate bitcoin in the sense of alt coins. You can't just double the amount of bitcoins you have via copy/paste code. So if he was talking about it in that context then he is correct. As for the notion about 800 dollars deal. The alt coins are taking value away from bitcoin so it's lower than it would otherwise be, minus a bit of the network effect for those alt coins bringing people in. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:53:47
It's "dangerous" to people who are not informed about it. Penicillin to some ignorant fuck could be seen as overall "dangerous". 
Now as for Bitcoin being more/less dangerous. I would say right now at this point in time, it's far less than most if not all forms of currency we have available to us. USD by far is used to kill more people, by far used to launder USD, and purchase drugs. So ban USD? No of course not. It's the same reason why we don't charge the state for allowing a person to use a highway in the commission of a crime. Or the phone company from someone using their phone line in the commission of a crime. 
I think a lot of this has to do with the notion that bitcoin is "anonymous", it isn't. But due to some people pushing that "feature", it gives people like this the notion that it's somehow worse than USD, or any other form of payment. They(Joe, and people pushing "facts" that are false about shit they know nothing about) really need to get the facts before they push shit like this. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 05:22:28
In the episode you are talking about, it was mentioned at least twice, if you don't count the 10 bits sign. It has been mentioned in other episodes as well, I can't think of the exact ones at this moment but I may scan back through them a bit later to see. I know it's been more than the 3 mentions in that single episode. 
I am aware, and have pointed out that bitcoin is not anonymous in the past, and continue to do so. The show is "fiction", as such you can't really use it as a source for knowledge in that area. 
With bitcoin you can use mixing services that makes it hard to trace, but not impossible. 
Now as for the last bit, it's publicity one way or another. Sure some ignorant people will see it and think oooo it's bad.. but if they have any intelligence what so ever they will actually look into what it actually is before they label it "bad". There are all kinds of shit on TV shows like these that portray shit in the wrong light or make it seem a bit different than what it is. It's called artistic license. I mean hell look at any actual explosion that is supposed to be, and is shown by an expert of sorts to be "C-4", and the explosion is nothing but a fireball. If you have ever seen C-4 go off, you should be able to tell really easily and quickly that it wasn't. Most explosions in cars, and buildings in movies and on TV shows is done with a few gallon jugs of gasoline, and a small detonator. Again though it's "fiction". 
@_date: 2014-07-02 03:23:19


Only if the "goal" is defined as simply "illegal access". With phishing it's the "goal" of getting other users to willfully give up their information to what they view as a legitimate source. If I said, or portrayed myself as someone who works for X company, and you have dealings with X company, and I ask you for specific information, and you give that information to me, then that was a successful phishing. Hacking is gaining illegal entry through a variety of means with very little end user involvement. Also the goal of what you hope to obtain can be "similar", but in very different ways. For instance gaining credit card information from a single person = phishing, or gaining credit card information from many people = hacking. By, "gaining", I mean at each point of gaining information. A phishing scam can sweep up a lot of people, but each individual person has to have some involvement. With hacking it's the system, not the person. Of course you could try to hack a single system, and or setup other ways of entering a single system, and look for information that way, but it's not the users entering the information for you so to speak. 
Also I agree with the last bit, there is hardly ever immunity from law. 
My main point is that hacking, and I don't include script kiddies in that term, requires some skill, and a certain depth of knowledge of the system. Phishing can be done with very little knowledge. It's just like a conman type of thing but online. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 14:46:29
Sure it could spook someone into selling, which could cause the price to go down, but that is a big what if. Now if they dumped all 150k coins on the market at once then that would be entirely different. I am not sure that's possible for a single market you would have to go to different ones. For instance mtgox right now 86,700 buy orders lined up. That would take the price down dramatically the lowest buy order is roughly 1 dollar. Granted if it went that low, the buy orders would fill in fairly quickly. So maybe people are selling a bit now and getting some money in the exchange so they could take advantage of that if it happens. The key thing to understand about this though is that it would be stupid, beyond belief ignorant to do such a thing. The slippage would be insane. Someone with at least half a brain would slowly sell off their positions at specific prices. For instance let's say the sell rate is 800, if you put a sell order up for 100 btc at 800.10, 150 at 800.15, etc etc you can end up selling without having anything negative happening to the price the price would actually be an increase. 
One last point. Anyone that has the kind of money to buy this amount of coin would do so off the blockchain of sorts, and almost certainly would keep the coins. The only way I see someone buying then selling quickly is if they managed to get them for pennies on the dollar so to speak. Then they could turn around and make a hefty profit so long as they didn't dump all at once. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 20:03:03
Typically when one "sticks their fingers in the pie" they get something in return. What do you think the FCC and State is getting from it? Your link does not appear to say what you may think that it does. A municipality granted the ISP's their monopoly, and according to your link and something I tend to agree with, once the areas were carved out by those agreements with those municipalities they saw little reason to compete head to head so to speak. The article as 12 years ago, and I believe that since then it has changed some, and that municipalities in some states depending on their power structure still have the ability to grant certain ISP related monopolies. Granted it's not hey here is a monopoly, it's more like hey we will give you cheap/free service if you grant us to be the sole service provider in your area. 
@_date: 2014-01-27 13:58:45
I agree with most of what you are saying. I would add though that switching to mBTC can make it seem more complicated to someone just getting into it. People who say shit like people get turned off by the large price of a single bitcoin are exaggerating I believe. I mean everyone I have ever talked to--not all smart tech people mind you, that has ever said that it was too expensive to get in to. I simply told them that hey, you don't have to buy a whole coin. If you have 100 dollars you don't mind investing into bitcoin that you can lose, then you can buy 100 dollars worth. I mean fuck it's not rocket science. If my mother who doesn't have a computer and has trouble operating an android minipc can grasp that then I am sure most other people can. 
With that said, if we are all going to switch, what really needs to happen is moving the decimal and making the new single unit the new bitcoin. That doesn't need to happen now or any time soon. If bitcoin went to 10,000 dollars each I think it would be fine, 100k maybe moving it one or two over if need be, but giving plenty of advance notice so that no one freaks out. 
In all honesty I think most of the people pushing for the mBTC deal want the price to fall at least a decent crash so they can buy in lower.
@_date: 2014-01-07 22:18:58
My guess is when the India exchanges open up in full force the price will go back up easily. I think the first one is set to open up tomorrow. But hey, sell now if you want. 
@_date: 2014-01-02 10:05:19
I kept reading a bit, but this puts the credibility of the article in question no doubt. Along with it saying that BTC China is still not accepting and does not accept deposits--it does. 
@_date: 2014-03-24 07:36:02
Could be a few reasons, reason 1, the first sentence. From the site it says 


If that is all the data they use--past transactions then it will not be all that accurate, but if they use other things as well to factor in shifts like certain news stories, and how many people talk about it, etc it could be refined to be a lot more accurate. Using past transactions as well as the relative effect it had on the markets could get somewhat close, but not as close. 
Second reason could be the last sentence, and third reason could be because I didn't say something short, sweet and or sarcastic while adding little to the conversation. 
With that said, you said it a bit better than I did, more succinctly anyway. To build onto that thought though, if it was within a few percentage points of accuracy for a given period of time, and it took off and a lot of people used it. If the technology was handled by one person it could be used/altered in a way to drive the market. Think of it like using a laser pointer and a cat, where the pointer goes, the cat follows. So that last sentence in that post, I would like to amend a bit. If said technology existed, it should be decentralized a bit, and or distributed so people can run it themselves without as much fear of manipulation. 
@_date: 2014-01-13 02:33:51
The deal with ATM's is that there are certain protections built in, and you can see your transactions if you login to your banking account. They are tied to a an entire system. The reason why a lot of people distrust electronic voting machines is that there is not way to really tell unless there is a paper trail, that can be audited. 
So any voting machine you build, it will need to be easily audit-able, or it will not gain much traction. 
One quick thing, no matter how good your security is today, the longer it is out there, it becomes inherently less secure. It will need to be updated quite often, having the ability to update also allows entry into the system that makes it less secure. Who's to say some rich fuck doesn't pay you a few a few mil to enter some very simple code to add a vote for one person every 5 votes, or for every 5 votes for one person switch the 6th to the other person. 
In all honesty I see voting in the future being done primarily online. Granted not fully online but a lot of it being online, and in a way that when you login to the system you can see who you voted for in the past. If you know you voted for someone else and it shows the person you didn't vote for then you know something is wrong. 
@_date: 2014-07-01 23:37:45


Even not taking anything, if successful, people can use the information, and or likely any tactics he alludes to as a road map of sorts to replicate it. So even if they are not adding to the "theft" total directly, they could easily be doing so indirectly... 
@_date: 2014-01-03 12:16:16
Exactly how would a central authority control a purchase and or selling decision? Do you know how much credit card fraud is out there? do you know the amount if illegal activities are funded through good old hard cash? and or simply buying drugs or something with a credit card? Sure you can't say X person is being billed for say cocaine. It is just listed under something else. More illegal activities are funded by USD than likely any other currency on the planet. If bitcoin even had half that market share it would be a hell of a lot higher in value than it is right now. 
Now as for the last bit, I agree sort it. I think all drugs should be legalized, but to balance that out, any other illegal activity committed while under the influence of said previously illegal drug should be much more severe. Also if the drug has shown to cause health problems like smoking for instance then higher insurance rates would be appropriate. Well insurance and the medical deal is too damn expensive as it is, so until that gets settled down to a rational figure I could personally see staying that for a while. 
In all honesty it sounds like you want to keep bitcoin only available to people who use it for illegal activities, more money coming in and more attention makes it harder for illegal activities to flourish using it. Which makes some illegal activities harder to conduct especially online. Look if you want some drugs, or a gun and you live in the states. I would be willing to bet if you throw a rock hard enough in any direction you can likely find someone nearby willing to sell to you for good old dependable USD. 
@_date: 2014-02-22 22:26:36
Right now being insolvent or not isn't known to the market as a whole so it doesn't have as large of an impact on everything else. The main thing that is damaging the price is allowing trading to go on, while users cannot withdraw money, or bitcoin. As such it's basically spinning their wheels. If you have ever gotten stuck in an automobile for instance you should know that if you floor it, and or keep trying to get out when the auto is not moving at all, you are basically digging yourself deeper, and deeper into the hole making it harder, and harder to get out. This is exactly what gox are doing and I believe purposely. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 08:49:23
Seriously? You can't be serious. You may want to look up the term "slippage". Right now on bitstamp, without getting incredibly out there with slippage you can buy about 10k coins, but it would pump the price up to 1000 dollars or so, bitfinex and btce you can get about 3k and it would immediately raise the price to close to 700. So roughly 16k coins and if somehow someway you managed to get them all before people saw the extreme jump and jumped on the bandwagon you might could could get a few k more for around 1000-1500 each. 
The point to buying in blocks is to buy 3k coins at a time without significantly altering the market. If someone, a single entity bought 3k coins right now I am fairly sure it would push bitcoin easily to the 800 dollar mark, likely higher, it would almost immediately push it beyond the 700 dollar mark. The only way that I can see someone being able to buy 30k at once and not push the price to say 3 or 4k each would be a massive consorted effort, putting money on every exchange they can find, and within a few seconds executing trades at each for as much as they can get without that curve getting more horizontal than vertical. 
So 900 dollars seems like a legitimate number to me, it might be, it might not be, but if they tried to do it on the open market, their average might be below 900, but not by as much as you think, and again they would have to buy it all at once or in small amounts over the course of a month or two. If the price raises x amount, back off, if it drops x amount, buy, but that's only a good strategy when the price is relatively flat, and you expect it to increase afterward.  
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:01:43
I don't claim to know all of the technical aspects, but a few posts I have read, and what I understand about the "malleability" issue, is that it's not really a "bug" you can exploit by way of "stealing" bitcoin. From my understanding it's something like a crude double spend kind of thing but the second one confirmation hits, it's no longer an issue. If someone else has any contradictory evidence, and or a way that an attacker could "steal" via malleability, I would like to know. 
Not to mention if this were possible why would it only happen here and not elsewhere as well? This honestly just seems like someone trying to do their best to spread panic so they can ether tank the price for the fuck of it, or try and buy in cheap. I wouldn't put it past gox at this point from doing it, so they can game the market a bit 
@_date: 2014-02-12 05:06:54
I use newegg a lot for purchases, and even bought a 7950 from them for mining, right at the end of when you could actually reasonably mine with a graphics card. This is just too little too late, and from the title of this, it seems as though Newegg is accepting bitcoin for payments, not saying here is a graphics card you can "mine" with. If this were ASIC's that could be somewhat profitable then it would make sense, this does not. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 09:35:02
You couldn't split 10k over 2 markets right now, unless I am missing something. The second highest right now would probably be huobi with about 4.2k--with out it getting insane, but buying that many at once from BTC China BTC would push the price to 7k yuan or roughly 1100 each. huobi would be slightly better, but less coins, only around 3797 BTC, and that would push it to 4199 yaun. 
If you simply mean a 3k block, then sure then they could possibly get them for less, but what if they wanted more than 3k? Buying that much in bulk at once on an open market would not be a wise thing to do. Even with slippage you might still get out cheaper, but any future purchases in the short term would probably be higher. 
Can you even imagine what it would do to the markets if the price jumped a hundred dollars in an a single buy, or even in a very short time frame? One thing is for sure, if that were to happen you could kiss stability goodbye for a while. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:47:12
Yeah I mean banning drugs worked out so well. Banning something does not mean the end of something. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 10:09:29
That may work for a little while, but with this ruling, they can easily just say that all encryption poses a burden to their network and arbitrarily start to slow down all encrypted traffic. I am not saying they will do that, but simply that if more people does do that as a means to escape the bullshit the ISP's are likely going to pull, then it makes it more likely. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 19:44:24
When most people go ape shit over "government", like it appears you do they think of the Federal and or state government. A municipality is not a part of the state or federal government. Local municipalities have limited power and one of those powers is the ability to grant certain access rights.
@_date: 2014-01-15 10:18:44
Logic does not appear to be all that strong in Yorn2... Censoring by making it so a company can't censor you. Now as for the other bullshit they said, they don't have a government enforced deal. Government doesn't make them have a monopoly, the ISP's and cable providers bribe local municipalities to grant them monopoly access via free or cheap access to certain channels like local access. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 07:20:40
Not the same content, but related, much appreciated. Paywalls need to die, or made irrelevant. 
@_date: 2014-01-02 19:25:38
If enough people think it will then they will be more likely to keep investing/speculating. If that happens enough then the price goes up. 
If people "only" thinks then it wont have any effect, but usually enough of those that actually believe something are willing to back it up. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 20:23:40
You might be able to get anywhere from 150 to 180 for it depending on the medium you use to sell it. The only way I think you could possibly get 200 for it, or anywhere close to that figure is via a place like craigslist, and finding someone gullible enough to buy it for that amount.
Mining bitcoin is not really done with graphics cards any more, but they can use it to mine new alt currencies, and gamble on whether the new alt  currency will be worth anything after a while. 
Fair market value for that card I would personally put at around 150 or so.
@_date: 2014-07-01 23:15:41
US, or some third world country... I am in the U.S. by the way, going out to the mid west like OK, seeing a car, is incredibly rare. A 2 week stay with a friend in Oklahoma City, I probably saw 3 cars tops. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 12:55:24
In order for tulips to fit in your scenario, there would have to be something else like them that could siphon market share. Say tulip A, and tulip B, both being somewhat desirable, but different from the minds of those procuring them. 
Tulips at the time could have been considered a store of value, much like the beanie baby deal, a fad that comes in, and gets hyped up, then ultimately fades away when something else comes along, or they realize how insane they were. If tulips and beanie babies ever got to the point they could be used for other things then they would have more utility and would be less prone to the market moving on. Since bitcoin is a store of value, and a medium of exchange, and has the ability to be exchanged for goods and services it has more utility. Arguably it has more utility than a debit card, or at least more potential. A credit card has one thing bitcoin does not which is credit. That's not to say a bitcoin credit card can't be created in the future though. 
Now as for what you were describing being the network effect? The first part yes, but when you lose that thinking is when you add the last part of barrier to entry. The network effect could easily spill over to other cryptocurrencies. Because the basic principle of a BTC is very similar if not identical to an LTC and both can be used in the same exact manner and have the potential for the same utility.
**Edit** 
I forgot to mention, if something else comes along that is much better than bitcoin/ltc; meaning they were less complex in the minds of most people and easier to use and maintain then that technology would eventually replace BTC/LTC. In my opinion for that to happen though the new technology would have to maintain some of BTC's characteristics like decentralization. The only way for that to really happen though is if miners all mined at the same exact rate, and the ideas of pools being extinguished. Think of the idea as a very huge pool where each block's reward is automatically distributed to the entire network of active miners. Getting in early would be key to making money by mining, and you wouldn't have to buy expensive hardware to mine. That would take some extensive coding to do though, and have to be regulated in such a way that someone couldn't mine quicker than they are supposed to. The main problem I see with this is, multiple clients being opened up, and if you only count 1 IP to receive a reward, then multiple proxies being used to game the system. If that could be figured out, I think it would have a much better chance at decentralization. With bitcoin we already have major players/pools centralizing the mining. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:00:26
While I agree pretty much with your post, there is one important distinction... 


If they had this kind of money, and simply dumped them on an exchange it would be stupid as hell, I'd like to think that if they are willing to fork over the cash for this amount, they wouldn't do something so stupid. I mean the amount of slippage would be insane. 
It also depends on how much they actually pay for the coins, and if it's anywhere near the market value. Say They managed to snatch all of the blocks of coins up and the average price each were say 50bucks each, then sure dumping them all right then and there could result in a decent profit, however, if they hold onto them, and or say sell 50/100, or a few here and there, they could get their money back out within a relatively short time frame, and more of it, and or make more a lot more profit from it.
Also the bit about what you responded to I completely agree, this is going to be off the blockchain of sorts, and not within a framework that would be a "buy", which would move the price upward. The actual sale of the bitcoins from the government to the seller will not move the price at all, and have no direct correlation to the price, it's only if they then use those coins to sell on an exchange. Also who knows, maybe they will sell some through a means other than the blockchain themselves as to not move the price lower. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 06:25:22
Yeah I have seen the episode before, and the minute mark depends on what you are watching it with. For me it starts at 17:52, but hey...
@_date: 2014-03-09 07:15:58
Economic activity would have to go down to very, very low levels for that to happen. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 19:48:38
So you are driving panic to sell so you can buy more at a cheaper price or...?
@_date: 2014-02-24 06:53:00
I agree with the notion that if it was changed to a market order and that the price would then drop. I just don't see someone like that dumping it all at once, there would be so much slippage that they would not get as much if they waited a little bit longer. Looking at the graphs it appears that if all 5k on the wall was changed to a market order the price would go from like 560 to 500 or so. That instant of a drop could and would likely fuel other people selling off as well. 
@_date: 2014-01-02 18:10:00
Switching to mBTC doesn't make it less expensive. The only way to do that would be to change it and have every node accept the change to move the decimal place. But really that doesn't matter due to you don't have to deal in fractions. The move bitcoinity did could be argued as helping the fall a bit. People seeing that and panicking. Instead of changing it to mBTC, just educate people that it is divisible and you don't have to buy an entire bitcoin. Look at bitcoinity now you see plenty of people buying/selling less than 1 full bitcoin. 
If bitcoin does take off, and manages to get to much larger numbers are we to keep arbitrarily moving it and using different denominations? That in and of itself could be detrimental to new people getting involved--people saying shit like "make up your mind already". Again be it BTC or mBTC makes no difference in the price. Moving to mBTC price makes people have to multiply by 1k to get the price of BTC, and from BTC to mBTC divide by 1000. 
Now as for the moon comment deal, changing it like that would not really have an effect, if any at all it would be marginal. If something major did happen during that time it would be by sheer coincidence. Think of it like the USD instead of saying dollars we said tenths or dimes. If I have 100 USD, it's the same as saying I have 1000 tenths or 1,000 dimes. Does that mean the value of the dollar is going to skyrocket? No because that is not how the currency markets work. I will still have the same value as 100 dollars. 
Now as for the 10k deal, it's not going to happen how you seem to think it will, or for that reason at least. Could it make it to 10k or more this year? It's possible. Baring any really bad news I think it could very well get there, but I am a bit more cautious and think it may hit 5k or so by the end of 2014 with a peak of likely around 7 to 8k and a a few drops down to a min of 400/500. But that is my guess. I am fully aware I could be way off. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 03:26:11
They tax it at point of sale. So if you buy something with a credit card they can apply sales tax to the total, and take it out that way, the same thing can be done with bitcoin at point of sale. The only difference being if the IRS is not setup, and or do not allow payments in bitcoin, the retailer would have to setup something to pay the taxes by converting the appropriate amount of bitcoin into fiat, and then use that. 
@_date: 2014-03-24 05:16:13
I wonder what data they use to make the predictions... With that said, depending on the data and how extensive it is, the mere existence of this could alter the markets. The lows could be lower, and the highs could be higher. Let's say this gets to be really big and tons of people know about it, and they stay within a decent margin of error. If the predictions show a drop, on said day, at said time, you could get quite a few traders to sell before that drop which would potentially drop the price quicker and to a lower point. The same can be said if you see that the price is going to jump it could get traders to buy in earlier, and the result could be a raise sooner, and higher. 
With that said, I am all in favor of this, and hell if it's even 10% accurate it could help a lot of new people that are afraid of a drop, or increase. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 17:17:36
As others have noted before, there have been huge transfers before with no reaction. So even if by the off chance someone buys every single bit of them, and they are all moved at once, I doubt that will have an effect. You assume that they will all be spent the second they are recieved and or sold in one huge batch on the public markets. This would be idiotic for someone forking over that much money to do. You have to assume it's an investment of sorts and or assume that they are sold well below market value, by half or more. If all of the speculation is correct and they want to move exchange for a less volatile currency which I highly doubt as it makes no logical sense to say such a thing from their position, but if you assume that was the case then why would they sell so below value? The most logical course of action is to auction off blocks of coins of a predetermined amount like 1k or so sounds about right, if not lower. These transactions would technically be off of the blockchain at point of sale, but moved or kept in whatever wallet they received after purchase. If a bitcoin is say 800 averaged out on all exchanges, then I assume they will be sold at maybe 700 each if not a bit higher, depending on who all attends and or has access to the auction. Will some of those be sold? Sure but saying or thinking all of them will is just not logical. Is it possible? Yes but so is winning the lottery. They key is "is it probable", and logic suggests that it is not. Not if they have any sense at all. Since these are very large sums of money; it's safe to assume they know at least a little bit about not pissing it away. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 09:57:05
In regards to the "dumb pipe", not exactly. The ISP's are very profitable. Every subscription adds a lot to their bottom lines. If you forgo cable tv, to starve the beast so to speak, it's not doing as much as cutting your internet service. If we all got affordable fiber that would be great, and the ISPs got 200 billion dollars to do that back in 1996 I believe, but still haven't really done what they were supposed to with it, would shit bricks. A city near where I live rolled out 100/100mbit fiber and within no time, my internet speeds increased from something like 8/512 to 15/1, and started offering faster service for more money of course. I currently have 30/5 at the moment. I think that was also due to the city proposing to roll out their own fiber, and as an attempt to stop that from happening, they chose to increase the speeds. 
@_date: 2014-02-20 21:09:50
The main problem is that gox is dragging down the overall price on other exchanges. The sooner we rid ourselves of this cancer, the quicker the price will rebound overall. 
@_date: 2014-01-13 09:11:01
The data will be too vast to really dig into in that way. Usually leaks like that result in specific file types that are relatively hard for normal people to dig through easily. If such a leak does occur hackers and others will data mine it for sensitive information. Likely some searches for specific file types, like images/video which can be used for all kinds of nefarious purposes. Extorting, or selling to a site. 
Now as for how it may impact bitcoin, it depends on if private keys are captured as well. If they are then it would make those wallets compromised. 
One last thing, this kind of thing will be so fucking huge that only a few people if that would be able to download the entire thing. I have 15TB of storage and I am positive I wouldn't be able to download it all. Just to give you an idea the new Utah center should be capable of storing around 12 exabytes. Which would equal out to around 12,582,912 TB. That is 838,860.8 times my current hard drive space. Sure in the future we may have that much space, but by then a government entity like the NSA could easily exceed that figure by many fold. 
Again, and again this would be insane for any one person to just download, or download chunks of it and find one story out of it all. Sifting through blindly to find that one interesting story would be like trying to find a specific needle in a stack of a few billion needles that are different. 
Now as for the notion of "no more secrets", that's not going to happen. The only way for that to really happen is if we evolve to a point where secrets don't matter and have no value in our lives. It would also have to be at a point to where the idea of money is obsolete. This would be akin to a utopia. Right now with the human race a utopia is not possible. Our instincts and how we are, are not at a point to be like that. I wish we were, and everyone were equal, and everything but it's not like that, and I doubt it will be at least for a few thousand years if we make it that long, and only if we manage to weed those traits out of our genetic makeup. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:57:08
I wouldn't disagree with that, but I would hope that the majority are from people who are knowledgeable and knows that this is pure bullshit for any sane/semi-intellectual person to do. 
It's likely he may believe this will help with fundraising, or help gain more contributions to a future campaign. 
@_date: 2014-01-27 14:03:11
No kidding, I mean hell if decimals befuddle them then having to multiply by 1000 to get the value for a whole bitcoin is just going to really fuck em over. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 09:16:51
Do you have any source showing that it was a "Dutch" auction? Even if it were, the blocks would still be done independently, and the auction would be in reverse, with the binds being known to those bidding. With a Dutch auction the price starts high, then goes low, and once it reaches a point someone is ok paying, they bid, and they win it. With this, from everything I have been able to find the bids were sealed, and they were only allowed to bid once, which wouldn't work well with a Dutch type auction, and it wouldn't make sense to give all coins out at the lowest price. Also in a Dutch auction if the price was at 10k each, and a bidder said, yeah ok I'll pay that, then they would pay 10k per coin. It's not like they "bid" 10k, it's more or less they accept the price of 10k. 
If you have a link to some better information I will gladly check it out. 
On a slight side note, it seems like the reason for the lower prices for the rest could be attributable due to the Marshal Service screwup of releasing potential bidders, and they could then collaborate with each other and get an idea what they were going to bid. Maybe even saying well if you bid x for this block, I will bid x for that block. 
@_date: 2014-01-03 15:45:57
The idea of "sticking" something in is "good", but usb in its current iteration is not. The ports would wear out incredibly quickly. It would have to be something like what coin is doing with credit cards, gift cards, debit cards, etc. If you could transfer some of it to that type of medium it would work a lot better. 
Just imagine it getting broken every so often--accidents happen. Not everyone is going to slide it in, and pull it out gently. The ports will get really loose and eventually not function at all unless you bend it one way and hold it so it gets a connection. 
So again yes to the general idea, but no to USB. 
@_date: 2014-02-14 07:54:03
I haven't dealt with them in a while, but before you could get bitcoin in and out fairly easily but not cash, now it's both, or was last I checked. So unless you have btc or cash in gox, then you shouldn't do much at all right now. If you were able to put cash or btc in gox right now it would be like throwing it down a dark hole for a while. Coinbase and other places I believe you can still do a bit with them though. 
@_date: 2014-01-01 04:33:50
Pirating a song is a "fuck ton easier" than pirating a movie. Pirating an image is a fuck tone easier than pirating a song. In order to pirate anything you need to have at least a minor level of knowledge of it, and at least a minor investment into hardware (a computer/device of some kind) along with a recurring internet bill unless you use your neighbors wifi, or perhaps free wifi somewhere. Acquiring bitcoin is only a minor step above that. Acquiring an entire bitcoin is harder than acquiring 0.1 and 0.1 is harder than 0.001, etc. In the previous examples governments are taking action to combat it, and or litigation to combat it, so there are inherent risks involved with pirating. Granted most is a lot of hot air, but there is still some risk involved. With bitcoin there are no risks of being sued, unless you do something with it you are not supposed to do--just like cash. 
My point is that both are a lot closer than you think, and right now bitcoin has a slight advantage, which gives it a lot of head room to grow. Even if a government banned it which I don't think they will as it makes no sense to do so from a governments perspective, but even if they did, it couldn't be stopped completely. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 05:47:32
My point was getting pissed at, or angry/upset over anything related to what is portrayed by Hollywood is just as absurd. If someone believes something that is portrayed in a movie or TV show as "Real", then I honestly feel sorry for them, they need to actually look into it before they make that leap. 
Why are you not up in arms over some movies showing if you shoot at a car and hit the trunk it explodes, or doing anything really that is not based in logic or at least scientific sound to some degree. The reason why they do this is because it's easier to tell their "story", their "fictional" story. It's an artistic license, I would prefer things to be a bit more realistic, but that's me, and maybe you? But we are not in charge of writing these scripts, and directing them. It is likely very hard in some instances to be fully educated on everything portrayed in a movie you may write/direct. It may be hard to fit in one thing that you want, without bending/twisting reality a bit to make it work. 
I am mostly fine with movies and TV shows doing this, it's a mention, it's publicity. The people I am not fine wit it, are people who are said to be "educated", and or knowledgeable about bitcoin, and say similar shit about it being "anonymous", or untraceable, and it's better with money laundering, etc. Get upset about them, they are the ones who are trying to educate people with false information, a TV show/movie is entertainment. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 07:13:34
And they say bankers are "smart/intelligent". Wow... Just wow. A minute or two looking online by a halfway intelligent person would be able to find out the real deal... 
@_date: 2014-01-13 09:16:55
You are assuming they will say in some way that yes this lead to me doing this for this reason? Most people don't do shit like that, and or have no remorse for why they do it. Hell most don't see it as being wrong. Which is essentially the human condition. 
The war against evil? Are you high? There is no good/evil people. We are all a mixture, some more than others. Even if this were to happen and even if everyone had the ability to see dirt on everyone else, it still wouldn't change future behavior. Not for most people at least. 
Now as for "the analysis" The amount of data that prism wil take in is insane. It is so much that unless you have a hellacious supercomputer many, many more times powerful than anything we have with lightning speed access times, there is just no way to analyze that much fucking data. You can take sections of it, and search for a single person and "analyze" them, but not the whole. At best you would be able to enter a search term, and get all of the results, and or search for a specific person and get all of the information collected on that person. It will not be "everything", but it will likely be quite a lot. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 09:20:32
I was thinking something similar, but due to all the variants, I couldn't say for sure that there was no variant that was like that. My main intent of "paying attention to them", was to see if they had a link or something to actual information saying that it was in fact a Dutch..esque auction, and whether or not the source defined the auction in a similar way that they described. Preferably a credible outside source... 
@_date: 2014-07-08 19:24:42
and more anonymously 
@_date: 2014-02-20 21:07:20
The point is that mtgox != bitcoin foundation. 
@_date: 2014-02-22 02:20:53
Actually yes, it's one thing that is dragging the bitcoin price down. The reason why they dont is that they apparently want the price of bitcoin to continue falling so they can cover their losses and possibly make a hefty profit. Halting trading right now on gox would almost certainly see the price on other exchanges to go up a bit. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 07:19:54
Or any paywall bullshit for that matter. 
@_date: 2014-02-20 21:03:48
@_date: 2014-07-01 22:56:19
How could you possibly buy 3k coins on coinbase? The highest limit I could find is 50k a day. That would be less than 100 coins, so even if the price tanks a bit to where you could actually buy 100 coins from coinbase it would take a good part of a year to to do it. Maybe, just maybe if you were rich enough you could go directly to coinbase and workout an agreement, but I seriously doubt you could get 3k, much less 30k without coinbase factoring in a good amount of slippage, as when they go to buy coins if they didn't, they would be shooting themselves in the foot. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 17:14:02
Let's say you have 10 coins on a laptop, and didn't backup the wallet file, and that laptop gets "destroyed", you essentially destroyed 10 bitcoins. Now the coins themselves will still exist within the ledger, but your access to them, and anyone's access to them will not happen, so they are essentially useless and removed from the available amount for actual use within the market. 
Now as for the "total number of coins" bit. Some simple math would prove you wrong. The total number of coins that will ever be mined is 21 million. The total number that will ever be in use is less than that due to people losing access to coins and essentially being destroyed. But let's say someone for some reason chose to use the 21 mil as the "market cap", Divide 6.4 billion by 24 million, and that should give you the price per bitcoin, and if it's the same as what the market is currently at, then you have your answer, if not, you were wrong. 
@_date: 2014-02-22 10:42:29
How? You can't get bitcoins or money out of gox right now. The only trades going on is what is already within that system, it's already pretty much closed off. Stopping trading or freezing it at it's current price til they finally get their shit together would allow the price to come back up to a semblance of normality. I could understand your point if you could somewhat easily take out bitcoins, and take out fiat, but absent that, you are putting way too much stock on gox right now, it's more or less a cancer at this stage. If they do get shit figured out, and actually come back as a reasonable exchange and not fuck over their user base, it will still take some time to gain that trust back. 
@_date: 2014-01-02 18:16:16
Less than that actually. Anyone can see the block chain but only so many people can see your account number. Granted right now it's not really easy to put a name to a bitcoin address, it is not impossible, and with more people doing this kind of thing--putting names to addresses it will be a lot easier to track. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 03:27:42
I doubt it would ever be "routine" by way of doing it to everyone, it would only happen if you are selected to be audited and suspected of not declaring the funds. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 10:14:30
This is only true if there is competition in the marketplace. Within the US there is not much competition in the broadband arena. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 14:48:25
I doubt he has that much money to buy at fair market value. The real key to this is, when and if they are auctioned off will they all be sold in bulk to someone or will they auction off block amounts like 1k block amounts or all at once. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 12:20:13
With that context, you have first mover advantage. Although not extremely difficult for another crypto currency to enter, but still difficult at the start, after a while when adoption is more wide spread and bitcoin is accepted, it shouldn't be too hard to also accept others. All you really need is a payment processor willing to exchange it. If bitpay took LTC as well as BTC, then bam most of the market covered right there. Or at least the ones using bitpay. 
Now as for a "competitor throwing money at the problem", cryptocurrencies do not work that way. While the cryptos "compete" for market share, you don't have one company controlling each and competing in that manner. The only instance I can think of that would support what you are saying is if you had two companies one dealing solely in BTC, and another dealing solely in something like LTC. Then they would compete amongst each other. The problem with that is that it opens both companies up to a competitor offering to support both. 
@_date: 2014-06-18 03:14:44
I think the best part of it would be the fact you could do away with secondary storage--eventually. For those that don't know, secondary storage is a hard drive, like a mechanical hard drive, or a solid state drive. That alone should speed things up considerably. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 22:19:06
I couldn't find a youtube video of it, but cycling through the episode, the mention is about halfway in, when the girl is taking a wrag mopping up some blood, and the guy with the gun says "How long is this liable to take", the "hacker/phone freaker" says "money is in bitcoins I was movin' it around online you know coverin' the trail", the first guy says "That is not an answer dot-com", the other guy replies with "six hours maybe eight before I can turn it into cash."
@_date: 2014-07-01 23:40:38
With the rate of adoption, it would be hard to wait longer than 25 months, must less 25 years. As soon as one comes on board, most will follow. 
@_date: 2014-07-01 23:10:40
No fee is "required", for any transaction, but to make it more or less guaranteed, a fee would be a good idea, as well as getting decently quick confirmations. 
@_date: 2014-02-22 13:41:59
I disagree with your conclusion. It's not necessarily a "loss of confidence". It's an exchange simply cycling around bitcoin, and usd within it's own isolated ecosystem, and people getting pissed, and angry and worried that they will never be able to get that back out of it, then you have other people trying to game the system as well. Then you have people trying to sell their gox holdings for half of the main price, which then has a direct effect on the prices on other exchanges. 
Now as for other reasons the prices could be falling is depending on how certain retailers are cashing in their coins, if they dump them on the market that could cause a drop as well. 
If gox came out and said we are halting trading until the issue is resolved, took the blame they rightfully deserve for the issue, I think bitcoin would be much better off in the long run. If they simply halted trading and didn't say shit about it, and acted as if they were going to run off with everyones money and coins, then yeah that could damage bitcoin to a certain degree.
They need to get their shit together or get the fuck out of the way--after making good on peoples money and coin that is. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 12:30:55
I am not sure I fully understand you. If I do, then I believe the "BTC can only be the cost of creating a competing currency" is more or less about substitution. For instance let's say the market cap on all cryptocurrencies is 20 billion. If a new one comes along and actual money is put into it, or rather value put into it by people trading for BTC and or other cryptos, then it will siphon value from BTC but the overall market cap will remain the same. With all cryptocurriences increasing in value or the market cap increasing, it will simply make the value of bitcoin not increase as much, or as quickly. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 03:49:36
Does that mean that they couldn't? All of the pieces are there to allow for it. Most people who think about bitcoin and taxes think about not having to pay sales tax, that's why I mentioned it. Setting up regulatory framework that applies to exchanges buying/selling bitcoin could easily be done. If you sell x bitcoin for y price, then you are taxed at z amount. Any trading within the exchange would not be taxed, it would only be taxed when taken out. 
Also I was responding primarily to the "purchases" portion of it, since the IRS has little to do with purchases, what I said previously applies. I thought most people would catch onto that fact. Notice I said "little", as they do have some involvement. 
Now as for actual "income", by way of an employer paying you in bitcoin, then it goes back to the employer converting some of the bitcoin back into cash and then sending it to the IRS. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 10:31:05
AS for the other side fighting tooth and nail? Not exactly. Some might but in all honesty it would feed the perpetual cycle and add a barrier to entry, so even though it would cut into their profits, it would partially protect them down the line from newer emerging technologies. Say a competing company pops up, but can't pay the extortion at that point so they are given lower priority/slowed down in favor of their competition, that paid that extortion so they eventually wither and die without given a fair chance to succeed on their merits. 
@_date: 2014-01-29 02:27:27
“I hope I get this right or the coins go to limbo” or something to that effect. The problem here is that he is not thinking logically, if this actually worked there would be no “limbo”, he could easily get back the 11 dollars in bitcoin. 
“This is a 2000 dollar computer and I can’t focus on this shit what the hell” --- It’s not the computers fault it’s the cameras… 
With that said, his major problem is windows 8, not this. 
@_date: 2014-02-22 02:12:55
I count 11... 
1. 1: US
2. 2: Canada
3. 2: Australia
4. 1: United Kingdom
5. 1: Germany
6. 3: China
7. 3: Singapore
8. 3: Pakistan
9. 3: Japan
10. 1: India
11. 1: Mexico
Maybe the number of mentions make the countries super special?
@_date: 2014-03-11 22:21:09
Just out of curiosity, are you of the mindset that all regulation is bad? 
With that said I agree to a certain extent with your initial thought of basically licensing stifles innovation. However you made a bit of a logical error when you went on to talk about "safer". The key thing to understand here is that with bitcoin, and those "applications", you don't have to engage them, and or license through them. So only those who are being "licensed" are actually hurting from your view point, everyone else is free to innovate so long as it's a little removed from what was licensed to begin with, and if the licensed tech is sooo unsafe, then all the better right? 
With that said, I am not under the assumption that all regulation is bad. Some is very good and needed in any type of society, especially a capitalistic society. Sure some regulations are bad, and shit that makes no sense what so ever is bad, but a few bad regulations do not mean all are bad. I am for repealing ignorant regulations, but I do believe right now we are more under regulated than we are over regulated--as a society within the U.S. Now as for bitcoin in general. Some people are waiting on some regulatory framework to emerge before they get into bitcoin. That regulation should bring more people into the fold and eventually be a good thing. You can't regulate bitcoin in it's entirety, only in certain specific uses. Of those uses there will likely be back doors and other ways to get around them for those who really want to. From your tone it appears to me that you want to keep bitcoin basically to yourself, and those that are like minded rather than it growing into what it could potentially be. As many people here know, bitcoin has the capacity to grow, and a lot of people within bitcoin want it to grow as big as it can get. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 02:12:23
I was agreeing with you in more or less of a sarcastic way. The last sentence was more or less a clarification. 
While I disagree that "banning" bitcoin would make it succeed quicker, I don't think that it would hinder it long term. It would just simply create a larger black market for it within the US. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 12:36:26
I am not sure the op would like plus500 due to it being a higher price than mtgox at the moment. With that said, I agree with the other poster about the fact that it does not really matter, you simply obtain bitcoin through whatever method you choose, move the bitcoin to an exchange, hell it could have bitcoin at 5 dollars per and exchange it to your hearts content, then withdraw the bitcoin when you are done then sell via whatever medium of exchange you wish. If your trading strategies were successful, you would end up with more bitcoin rather than less at the time of converting back to fiat. 
For someone wanting to trade, it seems they should already be aware of this nuance before doing it though. 
@_date: 2014-03-11 01:53:06
From my perspective it's not really a replacement for a credit card, but it can replace debit cards that tie to your checking account. Think of money you have in bitcoin as being in that type of account--non credit account. You can spend it and take in money more easily in some instances. If you want to give me 100 dollars for some reason, you either have to give me cash, but if you don't have that cash you have to write out a check, then I have to go to my bank to deposit it in my account. If you send me 100 worth in bitcoin, it's all one simple easy step. Add to the fact that bitcoin has relatively low fees and it makes it an attractive choice for businesses to accept it over credit/debit cards. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 17:23:30
I am not sure why you were downvoted, you brought up a very logical point to this, and this ideas main weakness. In order to do this for bartending, the payments need to be made really quick and be confirmed really quick. The only way to do this would be adding in support for a third party processor like bitpay. Granted that doesn't eliminate a double spend but it does put the liability onto bitpay rather than the bar. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 20:25:50
Except that apple isn't immune to this. It's just the title didn't specifically state it. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 05:37:03
If you go through that it mentions s1e06, s1e07
If you go here, which shows at least a partial transcript if not the full one, this is for s1e08 
So at the very least 3 separate episodes. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 21:32:39
And I commend them for that, however... FBI != CIA. Also you do not necessarily have to have physical control of a device in order to gain access. Whether the CIA, or NSA could unlock apple is unknown, but I wouldn't bet against them. The CIA/NSA is mainly about getting data in transit. So instead of getting a copy of your data, they copy it in transit, as well as actively listen/monitor. Say your apple device is off, and locked, that's great no one but you or whoever knows the code can unlock it? But is your microphone also secure? Is your camera? If not an exploit can take them over and now become monitoring devices. Unless you actively remove the battery from your device each time you turn it off there is still a chance someone can listen in, or remote turn on the device, that or a case of some kind that can block signals, a mini faraday cage if you will. 
My point is... just because apple does good in one area, and should get praise, doesn't mean they are also good in others. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 20:43:09
While possible, I find that to be unlikely. In order to do that the link would have to be to something showing how superior apple is in comparison, and this link shows that apple faces similar issues. 
@_date: 2012-09-07 10:49:59
If they were stupid enough to pay the mil, then buying up 1 mil of bitcoins would defiantly have an impact on the price, otherwise all this did was bring more people into the fold about bitcoins, which bumped the price a little bit if that, or just got a few greedy people buying a few more hoping the price would jump a lot higher. 
@_date: 2012-09-10 11:41:16
Bitcoin will not be involved, but hopefully one of mccains aids made some copies of the tons of years Romney gave to mccain to vet. Surely some one down the line that has actually seen the returns could use the million dollars. 
I think this is one of the best shots we have at seeing his returns, but I wouldn't hold my breath. 
@_date: 2012-07-14 09:36:12
Not sure that is logical though. With only 21 mil max on a global scale? Bitcoin is not going to supplant any real currency. It can be used in addition to, but will not take anything over. 
Bitcoin is essentially the gold standard on steroids. With the exception of the gold supply always changing. 
I am not dissing bitcoin, I mine myself, not majorly so but I do. Hopefully bitcoin could lead to something more secure with less limitations or at least a higher than 21 mil threshold that could actually replace or be a real alternative to traditional currency. 
@_date: 2012-09-07 08:05:20
I don't think the author knows a damn thing about bitcoins. I am not an expert myself but damn. You can't just magically create 1 million dollars in new bitcoins, you would have to purchase from the already existing amount of coins that are in circulation. Also bitcoins is not about not being able to be tracked, you can easily be tracked, and the money if it were sent to some one could be tracked back to the user. Granted if they take other measures to hide their IP they could likely get it, but the second they cash out, they will have that information. I mean really if this was a staple of bitcoin, why are we not hearing about terrorists using it? 
If any of you are curious if some one is seriously buying up 1 million in bitcoins to pay this person off, watch for the price to jump to 20 dollars+ easily as the demand for the coins will go up extremely. 
One thing would be funny though, if they bought up 1 million dollars worth which would be around 100k coins, price jumps up to 30 bucks a coin, and then they give the guy 33k coins, and before he can cash out, it drops well below 10, oh and as he is counting his few hundred grand, the police knocks on his door. 
I want to see willards returns as much as any one else, but I seriously doubt this guy has them. If he did he could likely sell them to tmz for a million bucks easily. What is most probable though is this person farmed a good deal of bitcoins, and have a decent amount already, and wants to cash out and make more money than they otherwise would have. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 07:48:12
Most of my disposable income went into my computer/s for a while, now most is going into fixing up my car. My server is just basically my old system an i-3 2105 with 8GB of ram. The new/ish system is an i7 3770k with 16GB of ram. Between the two I have about 15TB or so of hdd space, a 256GB SSD and a 60GB SSD. It's nothing spectacular. I do plan on moving these 2 cards to the server, or one, and then move the 7950 to the main. I primarily kept the 2 cards in this due to 3x monitors. I have a 23", 27", and a 40" hooked up to my main system. With the 23" being split between this system and the server. If if I can at some point I will likely upgrade to 32GB of ram, or at least 24GB then to 32GB, after that I will likely look into getting another 27" and keeping the 23" dedicated to the server. 
The CEX.io site is basically a site where you purchase shares in mining. Right this second I have a few GH/s running. Let's say you have 1 bitcoin to invest. If you send that to CEX.io, you can then purchase GH/s 1 GH/s is roughly 0.08 something, likely higher now or lower but for the sake of simplicity let's say 0.08 That would give you roughly 12.5GH/s that you could buy. Once you buy them they staart mining at  you can go there and see how much you are doing. Based on the calculator at  that 12.5 GH/s should net a return of around .7 of a bitcoin between now and February or so. At that time if you want to re-sell the GH/s you can.. My guess is they will be worth anywhere from 0.02 to 0.04 or .25 to .5 of a bitcoin, which would put you either about even, or up .25. I plan on doing it at least for a month or so, then after that it seems to not be all that profitable staying in. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 16:55:54
You can mine, but as someone else said you will not mine at any great speed. I disagree with a few things they said though. I look to bitcoin more as a long term investment. Right now if you wanted to mine sure the cost of electricity would make it so that you are not making much, if any at all, but as the price of a bitcoin increases the work you put in today will be worth more later on. I started mining with a 560 ti I get around 80 to 90 mhash with that card, I then bought a 6850 and bumped my total mhash up to 300 or so. Now I have those 2, and a 7950. I have not sold any of the bitcoins that I have mined. I currently have almost 18 coins that I have mined. It should be 18.5 but I lost .5 due to mining for a little while then dropping it then picking it back up. 
I bought the 7950 specifically to boost my hashrate up a bit more. That card does about 500mhash. I was looking into getting a BFL 4.5ghash ASIC but they were not shipping and don't seem to be shipping any time soon, when they do I will pick one up. If I got one, I would still mine with the GPU's as well as the ASIC. Again I look at this as more of a long term investment, and I am not selling any of them for a few years. I may sell one or two if and or when the price hits 50 to 100k, whether that is in a few years or 10 years. At the current rate, who knows. 
I stopped mining for a while, then lost my wallet. The wallet had .5 of a bitcoin in it. I have no clue what it would have been up to if I mined for the 8 months or so that I stopped.
As for damaging your video card, it really depends on the temps the card hits. If your room is hot, keep an eye on the temps. Most people say 100C is pushing it, I personally don't like, or try not to let mine get to 80/90C. Mine max out at around 83C but pretty much stay in the 70/75C range. That's for all 3 cards. You can use programs like hwinfo and msi afterburner to keep an eye on the temps. 
@_date: 2013-11-28 03:31:32
Bitcoin checks wouldn't make much sense as it would be a step backwards. Unless you are thinking of like a check card? In order to make transactions that easy, and or an actual "credit" card that you can buy things on credit, and just refill with cash or BTC after purchase or minimum. In that instance you will have to have an institution willing to essentially loan you money, well provide you with a line of credit. In this instance you will have to fill out paperwork, and get approved. They will have to take their cut to make a profit, fees and interest and whatnot. A large advantage bitcoin has over other methods of transfer is due to lower fees, and ease of moving those funds. 
With that said, I see bitcoin as an addition to other services instead of a replacement of. BTC will never overtake the dollar as the unit of account for a major country. The only companies I think bitcoin could actually displace is paypal and square. Anything more than that and bitcoin would have to undergo some serious changes. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 06:01:34
.. I currently have a 560 Ti, 6850, and a 7990. I don't mine bitcoins with them anymore but I mined enough to pay for them, and then some. It might sound odd, but the 560 Ti likely netted more in totality than the other 2 due to I had it well before the other two. I just wish I kept it on longer, and bought the others sooner. 
**edit** 7950 not 7990...
@_date: 2013-11-13 11:56:52


Seriously? Yes there are some competitors out there but they all have insane wait times. It's not really a competition if every single one you have to wait on. 
@_date: 2013-12-22 19:46:51
It's just how I see it, I could very well be wrong, so don't only take my word for it. If something sounds off, just look it up until you get a better understanding of it. If you do find something I am off on please feel free to bring it up. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:43:19
I just had to finally comment on the money laundering deal. There is so much bullshit about it that it is just odd. Is it possible to launder money with BTC? Yes, but it's also very possible to do so with fiat--much easier. I think this idea that using bitcoin to launder money comes from the idea that bitcoin is anonymous--it isn't. Cash is more anonymous than bitcoin could ever hope to be. Every transaction is in the ledger... Every single transaction. 
@_date: 2013-12-22 18:20:54
"will" is an absolute, meaning it "will" absolutely go to 10 USD during that time period. Anyone saying what bitcoin "will" do is just blowing smoke. There is no way this guy or anyone else for that matter can tell you what "will" happen to the price. There are so many moving pieces any one of those pieces if altered slightly can raise or lower the price. 
With that said, could it possibly go down to 10 dollars? Yes it's possible, just like that "expert" could get struck by lightning twice at the same time while getting hit by 3 cars, but is it likely? That's the key. With how bitcoin is right now, I don't see it getting that low for an extended period of time, it's possible to have a flash crash type of deal if we get to a point where there are tons of traders and people using computers to make trades like a lot of trades are done on wall st now. With all of the ASIC's that are online and everyone having that much money invested in mining I doubt the floor is as low as 10 dollars. If nothing else those miners will hold and or buy bitcoin on top of mining to keep the price at a level a bit higher than 10. But hey, my guess is as good as his, or anyone else's at the end of the day we are all guessing. If he turns out to be right, it doesn't mean any other predictions he or anyone else makes will be right either.--A broken watch is right twice a day... The figure he uses as an absolute however makes it less likely. Anyone can yell and scream the stock market will crash it will crash I tell you, sure that is accurate depending on what you define a crash be, but when you say it will be at x amount by x date, then you get into looney territory. But hey, maybe his crystal ball is more magical than mine, or yours... My saying he is full of shit is more logically sound than his argument because he did not do hardly any research at all and does not even understand some of the key things about the bitcoin market. He knows a little bit or has a vague idea but that's it. He has 0 credibility in bitcoin as far as I can tell. 
@_date: 2013-10-02 19:28:15
It would have to be unfixable for sure, but in reality, even if that happened, it wouldn't take too long for something to take it's place, and sure it would take a little while for confidence to come back, but once the money starts to come in, it will come in in droves. We already have the taste for it.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:25:12
I think it will keep happening for a short time, when the market gets a bit deeper and more secure and better run exchanges popup, or Mt.Gox gets everything together then it will happen less and less frequently. The always up can be mitigated to some extent if they announce a maintenance ahead of time.
@_date: 2013-10-02 19:11:25
Yeah, it's not like the value bounced right back or anything... The problem here was people like you thinking that was all that was holding the price that high, they sold off thinking it was going to drop, and perpetuated the actual drop. It's like a while back some news broke about there going to be a gas shortage, when there wasn't going to be one, but that made tons and tons of people flock to the gas station to buy gas, and created an actual shortage. 
@_date: 2013-12-11 10:57:49
Looking over the basics of a Jupiter it should be around 550 GH/s If so it should be able to mine around 0.3 bitcoin per 24 hour period. The thing you need to understand though is that over time that will go down, and down, and down and get to a point it is no longer profitable due to the electricity costs. That assumes bitcoin stays at the same price point. If it jumps up in price then mining can become profitable again for that machine. It just all depends on how you look at it. You can't just say something like 0.3 = 300 dollars a day, multiply by 365 and say you are making 109,500 a year, it just doesn't work that way. That would only happen if the difficulty stayed the same and it just wont. Just a guess I would say that miner has a good few months left before it doesn't produce that much. If it were me I would still keep it on, even if it wasn't "profitable". If they are cashing out asap and need the cash then yeah at that point it should be shut off and or sold long before that. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 05:54:03
If the banks or governments thought it was an actual threat then yeah they could. However, it is not, and will not threaten their existence. At best bitcoin will take over a lot of the market share for paypal, and down the road a bit maybe credit card companies. It threats some of the banks ancillary interests not not them as a whole. If a bank did try to do this, and or a government, I would question their sanity. 
@_date: 2013-04-08 02:03:01
It would depend on how bitcoin is defined in the tax code, if it's short term capital gains then their ordinary tax rate would apply. Theoretically they could pay as low as 0% legally; if it were defined as long term capital gains and their tax status put them in the lower bracket. 
@_date: 2013-03-28 11:09:05
It would be good, but I don't think that would kill bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-12-12 05:46:56
There are other places to get them cheaper. The last time I checked Amazon for those they were around 15/20. But again that's not the only place...
@_date: 2013-11-30 19:04:13
Absolutely no. A bitcoin node is a bitcoin wallet. A full node would be something like bitcoin-qt that downloads and maintains the entire blockchain. A miner on the other hand is different, which is what the second part of what you were saying points to. It appears you have confused what a node and a miner are. 
@_date: 2013-11-10 13:42:58
In order for that to happen the market cap would have to be well over a trillion, and we are not there yet so no, and that assumes that he kept, and or has access to those coins. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 17:05:11
Nice write up, I just woke up so I am just now digging into this so I hope you are right. It seems sound to me thank you for the write up. 
@_date: 2013-12-01 21:52:52
The problem with this approach is that it makes them more of an exchange than a broker. It adds more complexity and alters their business model. I too would like this feature but I understand why they do not have it. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 09:55:19
Racism is not as black and white as people think it is. You can have views that can easily be seen as "racist" but not view yourself as a racist. Ron/Rand Paul does have some racist view points, and some of their other non-racist view points are completely idiotic. That doesn't fully negate some of their better ideas though. 
I don't see this as necessarily "anti-bitcoin" but simply as an "expert" not knowing their ass from a hole in the ground which seems all to common these days. They could very easily think what they are saying is true, but it doesn't make it true. The article states that no one has refutted the figures, but it doesn't seem like they have any logical leg to stand on as they are using a fixed set of variables for future projections, and seems like they are not including any renewable resources into those figures. 
Just for the record, I agree with a few things that Ron/Rand are for, but against a lot more. The negatives outweigh the positives by a long shot. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 01:02:08
"They" in most instances are in reference to "miners" and in others like "sell the second 'they' are mined" they in that instance is in reference to bitcoins. 
It's not that they have so much "power", it's that miners collectively control the network. It's designed in a way that no one single entity should have complete control of the network. No one entity could change bitcoin to benefit themselves. To make changes to bitcoin, all miners have to essentially give the "OK" for those changes to come into effect. This is the decentralized nature of bitcoin, and one of its major benefits. 
@_date: 2013-11-05 03:57:58
Lol at the "exploit", if there was something major it's incredibly likely it would have been found out by now, if you are referring to the 51% attack and the 25% attack, it's old news. 
@_date: 2013-11-12 03:04:17
The question asked wasn't around what would be a "smart" way to invest a billion dollars into bitcoin, but what would happen if a billionaire bought up every bitcoin he possibly could. 
I agree with your post in general, but not to the question that was asked. Maybe a bit of selective reading?
@_date: 2013-04-28 08:58:42
To be a tiny bit fair, it's not exactly 10 minutes, but with how the difficulty changes it tries to average 25 per 10 minutes. If a ton of hashing power turns on all at once you could theoretically create 25 every minute or so, but the difficulty will be raised fairly high to compensate then lowered slightly until the average comes back down to 25 per 10 mins. Speaking long term the average will be extremely close to 1 block every 10 minutes. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:14:46
Why not just.... Email yourself a copy. If you have a hotmail, or other IMAP Email it will keep a copy on their servers. If you are extra paranod, put it in a .rar file and password protect it. Even more paranoid make multiple e-mail accounts through different services. 
@_date: 2013-12-30 13:34:40
I don't think it is a good idea as is. If someone knew what the industry does, like the heads of those industries, they wouldn't want to just blindly give money to say a studio that produces a movie. They get plenty of money. The real people who deserve the money are not the middlemen, they are the actual creators, and to some degree those who worked behind the scenes. By behind the scenes I mean people who clean, position, create sets, and just the general worker. I wouldn't mind having a list of those people and a pool we could donate to and it be split evenly among each one. That to me would be a far greater idea. 
My internet is shit right now so loading pages is extremely slow, so I can't check out Flattr all that well right now. If they accepted bitcoin I think it would be a good idea--not for the anonymous reasoning--bitcoin is not anonymous. But because it would be a bit easier for people to donate. By easier I mean putting in an address changing the amount to send and sending it. Rather than filling out all kinds of shit, likely having to make an account, etc.  
@_date: 2013-12-26 23:42:07
I assume the next iteration of something like this may be like that. Things like this seem to be getting more detailed, even if only slightly so. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 05:02:31
I don't have a lot of faith in fox news anchor's most if not all are complete idiots, but comparing this author to them, is putting the fox news folk down. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:22:33
Even the poor can acquire bitcoins. It's just a matter of how much, and if the price of obtaining them is equal to or less than the cost of electricity to produce them. You can mine via your CPU right now, after a ton of time spent mining you will get a little bit. Obtaining "bitcoin", does not mean you have to obtain a whole bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 05:10:06
Shows 7 stocks all higher than 530, with Berkshire Hathaway at $3,476
You can almost always tell when someone is talking out of their ass like this when they make multiple logical errors. If they actually believe what they are talking about, then wow. 
@_date: 2013-11-28 03:16:10
More than likely it will be a state/government run type of deal. That is if I read it correctly. It would likely be similar to how they sell land/homes, cars and other types of property.
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:30:41
It honestly depends, but I don't think a crash is immenent any time soon. China is taking on bitcoin in massive numbers, the government for China and US gave bitcoin a wink and a nod, so to the sky we go? At least for a while. I do think it will get well beyond 1k before it corrects a bit, but anything below 500 again I don't think we will ever see again, or at least not for a while if at all. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:02:15
Key word being "ultimately", after many hacks, and crashes and other exploits, it "ultimately" becomes more "secure". I am all for open source software in many places. In a centralized exchange however it is not advised. Now if there were something like bitcoin to come about where "miners" controlled a decentralized exchange, then making it open source would be a decent idea. Or at the very least allowing all exchanges merge into one. I doubt that would ever happen, but those are the only instances open source would be a good idea. Doing it for every one right now would be detrimental to bitcoin after so many losses and hacks that it would make people lose faith in the currency. 
@_date: 2013-12-28 11:25:01
Is it me--I am half asleep at the moment, about to go to sleep, or did they remove the parts about banning? 
I understood the context they put it in, but even if you take the larger context that most will not see--would not have seen. Is just not accurate. It's a matter of how you define a financial company. That is too broad of a term. They banned banking institutions from speculating with bitcoin. They didn't ban the average citizen from buying or trading bitcoin. They didn't ban other businesses that use bitcoin like exchanges--which could by the broad term be a "financial companies", as such it is still inaccurate. 
What most people would key in on is "OMG China banned bitcoin", and it would perpetuate other misinformation that they got from other sources. This I believe is a tactic by some to drive down the price of bitcoin. There could be many motives to do so, some to try to damage bitcoin's reputation and hope it crashes for good, or some could be doing it in hopes of pushing some people to sell and drive the price down so they can get in at a lower price. 
@_date: 2013-07-04 04:25:15
It's all speculation, likely due to how this shit with mtgox is going to have an effect on the market. If they do it well and get back a lot of their users, then bam the price is likely to go up (speculation), if it goes badly, or they have a few hiccups, it could dip even further (again speculation). Personally my best guess is that gox will screw something up, and a few weeks from now get it right, then the price will ever so slowly start to go back up from my guess is around 30/40 per, and again I am speculating so take it with a grain of salt. 
@_date: 2013-12-30 06:46:20
People calling it a "bubble" is hurting bitcoin and alt coins true value? It can be seen from many angles. Your saying it's a bubble doesn't make it a bubble. Me saying it's not a bubble doesn't make it not one. From all the evidence I have seen so far it doesn't appear to be a bubble. 
Now as for the speculation, there will always be speculation in anything that people can speculate from. The only way to stop it would be to some how stop all bitcoin trading platforms, but then that would stop shops from being able to accept bitcoin through something like bitpay, which would seriously hurt the value. But even then you would still have people trading them the old fashioned way, which would make the price even more volatile. The only other way is if some magical authority said a bitcoin is worth x price, and that's it.
Again, speculation is here to stay, how much it plays a part is another story. For people dealing in, and holding bitcoin it's great. For those pissed they missed the train so to speak and want to get in at a lower price so it can then rise back up, it's "bad"--for them. 
@_date: 2013-05-15 03:15:39
Add a bank account to Dwolla?, verify it, and well once it's verified click the "Transfer to bank account" button. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 05:38:00
You could do it a second time, but it would just be moving it back and forth. All the money goes to one side, bitcoin goes to the other, reverse all the bitcoin goes to the other side all the money goes to the other side. There is nothing wiped out or anything of the sort it just changes hands. Bitcoin in that scenario would be a store of value. If bitcoin got to be equal in value or close to the full money supply in the world then the value of money would lower as bitcoin built up. With the end result being something like the full money supply shrinking in value by 50% and bitcoin taking over the renaming 50%. 
That is from my understanding anyway. 
@_date: 2013-07-04 04:21:46
Yeah what the other person doesn't realize is, that you can get out now, and if it continues to drop, if it drops down to say 40/60 you can buy back in and make some of that loss back up.
@_date: 2013-12-09 21:16:01
Higher efficiency is what you are concerned with correct? Higher efficiency = greater sustainability. Things balance out. If bitcoin were so profitable that every single person on the planet could have a 1000W miner then the price of electricity would go up, and it's quite possible it would no longer be profitable. If a lot of those are in it for profit only, a good portion will cut their miners off until it becomes profitable again. 
You said "There will always be miners if the revenue is higher than the electricity cost", I would agree with that sort of. I will say there will always be miners period even if it is not cost neutral and or in their favor. Some people mine not only to make a profit but keep bitcoin safe and secure. 
More efficient miners do not necessarily mean more miners. Most who get into mining now are getting in on it on the back end which means they are expecting to make a profit from it. Considering the curve we are on right now you have to be one of the very first for new tech, to make a substantial profit, if you are in the first week or two maybe you will make your money back, after that it's a long hard trek for break even. 
Think of it like this. There will be a lot of interest and quite a few buyers each time a new machine comes out, forget about "efficiency" as the primary goal at least for the time being, but think of the overall hash rates. If you could buy a 5Thash machine right now that used 1000W for 5k or a 1Thash that used 190W for 5k, which would you buy? Technically the 1Thash would be more efficient but the cost per hash is much better. Granted there is a limit depending on difficulty where the lower price per hash would be better and can be worth the extra money. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 23:24:29
I did mine Sunday I believe and it's still not here. Typically in the past it was a day or two at most, and well before the projected time. I am not complaining though, not yet at least.
@_date: 2013-04-10 08:33:53
I doubt it will get down that low, but if it does I will buy as much as I can afford. I think the lowest it would go down to would be about 8-10. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 22:51:57
Ok so let me get this straight, an “admittedly small”, full blown competition between groups? Also considering USB sticks to be “ASIC hardware” is pushing it quite a bit. Technically true, but that is typically reserved for larger components. Also I never said or suggested that there was a “cartel”. Do companies use hardware to mine before they sell? Yes they do there have been enough anecdotal evidence to show this is the case. Admittedly some companies wait ‘til they have batches of orders ready to ship this they say is an effort to make it fairer for their customers. Some say they only mine on chains that are not connected to the bitcoin network. 
As for people working their asses off to produce them? Sure but it doesn’t mean they are not using them beforehand before they ship them out. Now as for no advantage of delaying? Are you serious, if they are using these to pre-mine which again there has been some anecdotal evidence to suggest they have, then the benefits are clear and if you can’t see them then holy shit. The sooner you get them the more bitcoins you can mine. If they delay shipment on your order at all, it’s taking potential money out of your pocket and puts it into theirs. Who knows maybe it is a few rogue employees that are doing this without the company’s knowledge? Now I have no clue what you are talking about with the “rich demonstration” If you are talking about the block erupter, then you may want to see the ROI on those compared to their costs. There would be very little benefit to hold onto those. And how do you know they did not wait to release them at a specific price point so that they would essentially be a net loss for most, if not a barely breakeven point. 
Again, what competition? You never said the two who actually ship right here right now. Where are the links to these two magical places? To hardware that actually has a chance of breaking even right here right now at the price point they are selling them for? Even if you could point to two companies shipping these out the door right here right now with no delay, 2 companies in this kind of space does not equal stiff competition in the least. Competition would be in the areas of driving prices down, right now with the delayed releases it’s more or less like a colluded effort to keep prices high. They have no interest in making you rich or giving you a good return, they are there to make money. If holding onto them mining with them can do that then that’s what they will do, and when their profit margins are the lowest they will ship them out. Sure they will ship a few out early and let a few people get a bit rich so that they can then be good publicity, but that doesn’t mean they are good actors in this by any measure. 
@_date: 2013-05-09 00:12:30
Name Suggestions: First BitBank, Bank of VC, Bitcoin Plus
@_date: 2013-12-07 02:25:15
Now it's back up to that figure? So what now? Dude it's going to go up and down like this until we find some semblance of equilibrium. I am not suggesting it's on it's way back up up up... But simply that it's not necessarily going to keep going down. 
@_date: 2013-11-28 05:53:07
Why was silver valuable? Why is gold valuable? Why is the dollar valuable now without gold backing it? Why is anything "valued". The idea of intrinsic value is almost absurd. Everything is valuable to one person at one point or another. Hell even dirt has a value. The dirt beneath your feet has "intrinsic" value. Would you put it on a ring?, or try to make bars out of it? Bitcoin has an "intrinsic" value because people value it. They place a value on all of the work that was required to produce it. Primarily in computers and devices that mined it, and secondarily in electricity. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 08:39:16
I am not sure how the exchanges could go bankrupt, even if bitcoin crashed to a few dollars. It's not like the exchanges themselves have to foot the bill. Person A puts in money for x amount of bitcoins, and person B puts in bitcoins for y amount of money. The exchange simply takes the money and bitcoins, and if the two line up, a trade happens. I am not sure if they take a fee or not, but if they did, that would revenue positive. I see no way that it could go bankrupt through normal operations with a crash. The exchange being hacked, and coins and or cash being lost on the other hand, that could cause them to bankrupt if they did not take out any insurance. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 07:46:29
Your premise is flawed. If that happened it would not "kill" bitcoin. It would simply make the market extremely jittery. If they bought up that much really quickly, all the liquidity in the market, the price would shoot up, making it even pricier. Trying to kill bitcoin like that would be nonsensical. 
The only way you can kill bitcoin at the moment is through a very large investment. Back before ASIC's the investment wouldn't need to be that large, but now I imagine it would take quite a bit of money. Basically to really do it you would need to have enough hashing power to overwhelm the network. If you keep making enough forks, and just hammering it, stopping, hammering it, stopping then just repeating the cycle every time the fork corrects itself, it would stall bitcoin out. This could bring in a fear that eventually lost the trust people have in it, and begin pulling out, especially if the price started to drop significantly. 
Now as for going from 266 to 6 in a week? Sign me up, if it does I will buy as many as I can afford. It would bounce back relativity quickly. I honestly doubt it will ever get below 50 again. Maybe if a huge security flaw was found. 
Now here is the real issue at hand, why would a bank or government do such a thing? Because they would see it as a threat to their institution. See the thing is, bitcoin is not a threat right now or the foreseeable future to big banks. Bitcoin is in competition so to speak with things like paypal and square. Credit card companies are also a bit, but they have a significant enough of a foothold that they are not going anywhere any time soon. The reason bitcoin is not a threat to fiat currency is that bitcoin is an addition to, not a replacement of. There is no way in hell that bitcoin could replace the currency of the US, it would take something extreme to make that happen. A very small country that is not really third world, maybe, but any decently sized country, not any time soon. Think about it like this, it would be like going back on the gold standard. Do you see any countries wanting to adopt the gold standard? For a country to grow you have to have some type of inflation. Bitcoin is purely deflationary. Once bitcoin has run it's course there will only ever be x amount, and with people losing wallets or otherwise losing access like someone dying and not telling anyone where the wallet is, those bitcoins are essentially gone--no way to retrieve them. I get that quite a few here in the US hail the gold standard as something good, and something we should go back to, but the majority do not feel that way, let alone economists. We would go back to a gold standard well before bitcoin took over. If a government or bank actually thought of bitcoin as a real threat they would be fairly insane and I would severely question their judgement. The most likely scenario is that it continues to grow and just like the banks not trying to destroy paypal, and the government not destroying credit cards, it will continue to be apart of the ecosystem. Banks will find ways to profit from it, and governments will find ways to tax it. 
@_date: 2013-11-28 04:49:35
Slip of paper? That sounds like a paper wallet with a qr code. I haven't done that yet, but I assume it's like some one selling something has a qr code, and you scan it with your phone, or whatever device, and send an amount to that address. If that is what you are talking about that is already in effect. 
@_date: 2013-11-20 21:25:33
I think it mainly depends on the country you are in. If you are in the U.S. I believe the easiest method to buy bitcoin would be coinbase. Just link a bank account/credit card to coin base, make sure you have enough in that account and go to the buy page and buy. It may take a while to get it verified, they send 2 small amounts to the account and then you say what they are to verify the account. 
@_date: 2013-10-02 22:59:35
That is taking things way out of context, thats like saying over my life time I have had a million dollars. Just because 9.5 million moved through it through that time period, doesn't mean that they was doing 9.5 million per day, or per year for that matter. Put it in the proper context and stop the 11.75 million in existence bullshit. I mean fuck look at all the drug money, I am sure if you took the same comparison, you could say that 80%+ of the entire USD money supply has been spent on drugs, hell I would be willing to bet well over 100%. 
As for illegal, it's all semantics, and what they choose to enforce or not, what is the most stigmatized, and who has the least amount of lobbyists etc. Insider trading is illegal, but a lot of people do it. Hell a lot of drug users are white and by far in the majority, but the prisons are filled with primarily black, and minority drug users, and the whites that are in prison for drugs are primarily due to their socio-economic status. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 05:46:12
Bitcoin is more or less a store of value. There is no way that bitcoin could "destroy" the USD. The only thing that could really destroy the USD is lack of confidence in it. If we stopped being the worlds reserve currency, then that would take a huge hit to it's value when compared to other currencies, but it will not "destroy" it. 
As it stands there are tons of millionaires and billionaires as other people have pointed out, a few more will not change much. Those getting super rich that were not already sort of rich before bitcoins are a lot fewer. The spread of wealth will still be about the same as it is now.
@_date: 2013-04-10 08:32:27
I think it's bad advice overall, good advice for those who are skittish. I don't see bitcoin as being in a bubble right now, and if the price did crash I would put more money into it because it will go back up again. There are only a few things that could really harm bitcoin to where the price will not go back up again. The two primary things being something superior replacing it, and a serious flaw popping up. 
I personally don't plan on cashing out the bitcoins I have mined; not for several years more than likely. 
@_date: 2013-10-02 23:11:22
Bouncing back is meant as within a reasonable amount of what it lost. It might not get back to where it was immediately, but eventually it will. Think about it like the stock market, If it's at 13k, drops to 6k, and comes back to around 12k, it would still be considered as "bounced back", again not in full but back close to where it was before. 
With that said, I don't think this is the end of it. Going from the past, any time something like this, there is a lot of speculation until it evens back out. That speculation depending on the news could trigger a further drop, or a nice increase. Now if you go by the gox number of 140, then I see it evening out at around 120 likely 130 in the next week or so, with each semi-major dip/spike pushing it out a few days to a week. That's my speculative guess though so take it however you want. 
Also just a note, when I seen it dropping earlier, I was real close to cashing out, but how things fell, I came on here, and seen what was going on, then noticed the price starting to go back up. If I was about an hour earlier I would have likely cashed out, then bought back when it started to go back up. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 09:16:34
You are not thinking this through to it's logical conclusions. That would never really work. Bitcoin is a store of currency. If a company made a coin solely for their use, with no outside connections then it wouldn't store any real value. The only value placed on it would be what the company said the "value" was. 
Think of it like this, that company the America part sends it's new coin to the Asia part of the company. How does the Asia part of the company redeem that value? Trade it to another company? Would another company value it the same as they do? The next logical step would be to simply allow for a real value to occur and have it accessible to many people and many companies. At this stage it becomes a problem, that the company that made it, has direct control over it. So they can use it in a way to fit their needs. If they suddenly need to inflate it so the price falls they could do so, or deflate it so the price increases. This single aspect would keep it fairly low in price as there would be little confidence behind it. 
As companies continue to merge, I do see the trend growing of buying essentially "company bucks". Like 1 dollar is worth 100 or whatever amount of currency they use, but it is only controlled by and used by the single company and likely some of the subsidiaries. The bucks/coins whatever they want to call them being set at a fixed price and you "buy" them to buy things from the company--a way to increase revenue. Let's say an item you want to buy is worth 10 dollars or 1000 "bucks/coins" The minimum amount you can buy is $19.99 worth which is "discounted" and or you get a "bonus" so that 19.99 purchases 2300 rather than around 2000. Add to that a stipulation that you can't use say 500 "bucks" and 5 dollars to buy something that has roughly a 10 dollar price tag. Also setting up structures to where there are very few ways if any that you can spend all your "bucks" at once. Say you want to buy 2 related items that normally would equal around 20 dollars and take the previous example of that equaling 2300, have it instead be 2350 so you would have to purchase another 5 dollars worth or more to cover the remaining balance. These are but a few examples of how a company could use such a scenario to essentially put a higher price tag on something without directly spelling out the price is higher. A type of slight of hand move. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 05:01:44
Wow, the author of this piece is as dumb as a fucking door nail. They have absolutely no grasp on what bitcoin is, and or how it relates to worth. They have no understanding it seems of market dynamics and what would institute such a surge. Sure if apple did not divide it's stocks every so often kinda like Berkshire Hathaway, it would be worth a hell of a lot more, but that's making it seem like bitcoin is a stock, it isn't. It's closer to gold, but even then it's not due to bitcoin being purely deflationary and gold is inflationary. It's supply will keep increasing over time, while bitcoin will only ever have x amount. 
With that said, I don't think right now under market conditions that bitcoin could hit 250 unless something major happened. Like China completely bailing and or a decent security flaw damaged faith in the market. I do think that it's possible to drop down to the 400/500 range at some point, but with how things have been going, I think it's very likely to hit 1k by the end of the year, with maybe another dip between now and then. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 00:04:25
Just looking over a few, if that goes for less than 1k, right now at 870 it would break even in 75 days and net you around 3k in 1 year. -- at current prices, basically 0.0248BTC every 24 hours at current conditions.
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:58:16
The lol was due to a perceived crash when you sent that? Yeah, that wasn't really a "crash", it was a correction. A crash would be going down to around 250 or so and staying there for a while. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 21:10:39
My main point is that if it is open source, it should never be centralized. Where you or I could setup an exchange and the code being open sourced. Now if you and I, and thousands of others could run the software and we are all effectively running a single exchange, then yes open source would be a decent idea. As said above, I think that if an exchange was made that worked around the bitcoin principle of miners then that would work. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 18:16:35
Since this is just a guess, my best guess is one year from today 500-1000 USD, 5 years from today, 100,000 USD. The price depends on a ton of variables and those figures are if half or a little more than half of those variables are in favor of increasing the price. I do see bitcoin dropping down to less than 10 dollars at some point, maybe less than 1 USD, if the lowest it drops down to is more than 10 USD then the previous figures should be higher. 
@_date: 2013-11-05 04:05:03
Lol, even though I didn't believe you had an exploit from the start, this further backs up the faulty logic. There is almost nothing you can do with bitcoin at the moment that would get you arrested unless you are using the money to buy something illegal. 
Also the steady 10k deal doesn't make much since either, with the price going up like this any stable exploit the payout for that exploit would be growing along with the price.
How about maybe next time try a bit harder--the logic does not add up. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 05:40:37
Mining does not only produce blocks/coins it also is required to confirm the blockchain. Even when all 21 million are mined--a very long time from now it doesn't mean mining will stop. Long before then transaction fees will overcome the main reward for finding a block so you will still get something out of it even when the block reward goes to 0. 
@_date: 2013-12-11 10:15:05
I would tell her that her "teaching" is not age appropriate. I would take this up with someone above the teacher, that is unacceptable bullshit. If it's early in the class ask and see if you can drop it and take another one and or get a different teacher as this one has no clue what the fuck they are talking about. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 00:18:01
It adds to the security of bitcoin, the more people who mine, the more secure it is. It hashes sha256 to solve a block. If you want to know specifics you may want to search for the specific information. 
@_date: 2013-11-11 02:58:35


The last block that will generate coins will be block  which should be generated at or near the year 2140. The total number of coins in circulation will then remain static at 20,999,999.9769 BTC.
Even if the allowed precision is expanded from the current 8 decimals, the total BTC in circulation will always be slightly below 21 million (assuming everything else stays the same). For example, with 16 decimals of precision, the end total would be 20,999,999.999999999496 BTC.](
With that said, after all the blocks have been mined it will simply be the transaction fees. As it's being used more and more, and there being more and more transactions eventually the transaction fees will keep up with what we expect a block to delivered now.
@_date: 2013-11-12 02:13:24
The price crashing would not necessarily happen unless he mass sold them all, the value would still be there, I believe it would fall some, but not a massive crash. I believe the price per bitcoin would be relative to the liquidty in the market and how much demand there would be for those coins. If the demand suddenly fell as the price was going up--doubtful. Another scenario would be a lot of people bringing in coins out of storage and selling them or trying to. If selling &gt; buying then the price I believe would fall. 
@_date: 2013-11-17 09:01:18
The article is junk, they have no idea what bitcoin is it seems. For instance “making it non anonymous”, it was not anonymous from the beginning, every transaction can be seen in the block chain, sure there are services that can try and hide it a bit, but anyone really digging into it should be able to find the trail. 
@_date: 2013-03-28 11:14:00
I think it would just keep the price for a bitcoin at a lower price. 
@_date: 2013-12-30 07:03:46
Also it appears they do not understand how stores of value work. For instance even if the price between say bitcoin and USD remained at a steady store of value, the value of bitcoin would rise in relation to USD. A fiat currency needs to inflate for a growing economy. Bitcoin is inflating a bit now due to new coins being mined, but once we get to the peak, and maybe a few more halving events it will become primarily deflationary. Right this second the value of the USD is being inflated, even if we say it's at a rate of 3% or so if the number of bitcoins being mined vs the ones being lost is say 1.5%, then bitcoin would be roughly 1.5% higher in value over the same time period. 
You also have to figure market penetration/adoption and how many people will ultimately use it. In this instance supply and demand becomes the major determining factor. More people buying and putting money into it = higher price. Sure some will be speculative in nature, but not all will be. Even if you could some how take all of the speculative money out of bitcoin it's value wouldn't drop to a level they seem that the would prefer. The real speculative money hasn't even hit yet. Look at the futures market and see how much money people dump into any one commodity. If that kind of money hit bitcoin it would go through the roof. I suspect there are some private companies out there developing their own ASIC's and just mine rather than buying in. Mining to get a good portion of newly mined coins/transactions and then use that supply to gain a better speculative hold, and likely buying up bitcoins at the lowest price they think it's worth at the time. Think of it like the koch brothers holding tankers off the coast--restricting supply and allowing that to help push more speculation into a higher price before they dock the tankers and reap a lot more money per barrel. 
@_date: 2013-12-28 11:48:53
Please correct me if I am wrong, but from the few things I have read, they didn't get "Arrested", they got "raided", which are not always mutually exclusive, but from further reading it suggests they were simply questioned rather than arrested. 
@_date: 2013-11-12 02:23:43
Demand wouldn't necessarily drop. The mass buying could spur more demand from other people. Your premise assumes everyone would just magically stop buying them at all, and that speculation would automatically suspend 'til it's back down to "normal" levels. Think of the billionaire buying like the siphon effect. If he were buying and buying in somewhat predictable amounts pushing the market price higher and higher, then when he stops, it's likely the price would dip a bit but then continue up a little more on it's own power. 
Think of it a bit like stocks. When one person buys a massive amount of stocks then stops, does the price suddenly plummet? 
@_date: 2013-11-22 07:21:27
I noticed that, but what you were saying was not "analogous" with the reality of bitcoin. Even something a minor search would have produced you seem to want to take the easy way out and not dig into it at all. 
@_date: 2013-11-08 08:16:12
There are tons of calculators out there that can give you a good idea. Just search for bitcoin calculator, plug in some figures and see what you like the best. 
@_date: 2013-05-15 03:18:50
War over bitcoins? Are you serious? If a government or other large entity wanted to get rid of bitcoins or crash it's value they could easily. Now as for keeping the value high and waring over it? The market cap would have to be extremely high. If and or when there is another major war over resources it will be for oil or water. Oil is likely in the short term. 
@_date: 2013-12-12 00:19:16
From my perspective it depends on what that person is doing with their coins. If they are not trading them and or using them at all it would not do anything immediately to the market. If let's say the market has 1 million coins in actual circulation people buying/selling on an exchange and people buying goods with bitcoin in the market place then someone, or let's say a large group of people have 500k coins and something happens and they get lost and are no longer in the market place then the price would start to go up because the supply cannot meet the demand. The key thing to understand here is that as soon as the price shoots up, there will very likely be more coins coming into circulation. I believe for a lot of people holding onto coins they have a set price in mind, and or a set date in mind. Once that hits they will at least sell some which would bring more into circulation. 
Overtime though when it gets to a point that a majority of available coins are in circulation and mining does not keep up with demand then bitcoin will face deflation and prices should by all measure increase from that point on, so long as demand keeps up. If someone has 500k coins lost but they were not in circulation it would not have much of an effect now, but later when that demand picks up and they can't sell those coins and stave off deflation then it will have much more of an effect. 
This is from my current understanding, I am by no means suggesting that I am an expert or anything. 
@_date: 2013-12-26 07:57:12
They were saying public WiFi for someone with a device like a smartphone so that you could access your wallet. The "Whoosh" from the other person I assume is the sound of it going over your head. 
As for the ATMS themselves, of course they are wired, but what about internet service people accessing them? 
@_date: 2013-05-13 07:51:16
A separate partition would do nothing in the way you think it would. It would only really be that way if you unmounted the volume. With the volume unmounted the O/S would not see it and any malware would not be able to see it. However the second it was mounted again the probability goes up. If you are really, really paranoid you can do a few things. You can create a virtual machine and only install the bare essentials for the wallet. If you are supremely paranoid you could use truecyrpt on the virtual machine or in the VM. If you had a separate system like a laptop you could only install what is needed for transactions and try to keep it separate from your home network, or block access to the system from the other system, then use it for your wallet. Only start the system, or laptop up when and only when you are making transactions. Again though that's for the seriously paranoid. For normal every day users a decent firewall, and not visiting any risky sites, or if you do, do so through a sandbox. 
@_date: 2013-12-11 01:12:21
I am not sure if they do that on purpose or not, I have noticed with my bank they just move things around a bit, certain things coming in while others going out, but each time mine has shown negative even though it wasn't I didn't get charged an overdraft fee. I am not sure that is even possible with my current bank I believe I signed something that told them to not allow any orders to go through if it took my account into the negative. My current bank is a local bank it only has like maybe 3 branches if that. One of the only ones if not the only one with free checking in my area. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 12:55:13
And which two are they? Are they currently selling with no wait? If not then it's not really "competition". Other than the small USB drives and a few things on places like Ebay, if you want something that is up to date so to speak you are going to have to wait at least a little bit. If I found a place that didn't have a huge backorder I would buy some now, if the price was decent. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 09:32:50
I could see it becoming a financial haven, a place to store vast amounts of wealth like the caymen islands, but a mail order company like Amazon wouldn't work. It could work for that general region but not for say the U.S. for instance. The central servers/headquarters could be located there for tax purposes, but the warehouses and things of a logical nature wouldn't. The trend is going toward quicker deliveries and moving from country to country negates the quickness and would be a step back, not forward. 
**Edit** -- Originally said "financial have", I meant "haven"
@_date: 2013-12-10 08:17:24
The title  does not seem accurate and the article seems to not understand how bitcoin works, and what constitutes "paying" with bitcoin. The guy in the video said that he accepted through bitpay, which is a way to accept bitcoin. A lot of businesses need to have cash on hand for any number of reasons so converting as quickly as possible to USD or whatever other currency is going to happen. The only instance I don't see that happening is if the business can afford to risk a bit of it and chooses to do so. 
@_date: 2013-10-02 19:02:12
I doubt it will take a few weeks to "settle", It's already settling now, and by reddit's count from your post it was about 58 minutes. It will slowly start to creep up back to where it was, maybe a little less, or possibly a little more. 
@_date: 2013-11-17 09:11:40
The value always rises and falls, it just so happens it's rising more than falling now. I hope it continues to rise, but whether it does or does not, does not mean people will use it less, sell or buy less. 
@_date: 2013-11-30 18:46:45
When "stirring" interest into these friends, you somehow forgot to mention that you don't have to purchase an entire bitcoin?  The push to mBTC isn't required so long as those who know educate those who don't. Maybe your desire to go to mBTC rubbed off a bit here and potentially scared them off? 
One last thing, showing BTC and mBTC is more of a stretch and can scare people off just as easily as it would take even more to get into it and understand what an mBTC is. We usually don't look at things at the thousandth level. cBTC = 0.01 would put it on the dollar level that they are familiar with. It would be less of a step out of the box so to speak. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:51:31
Did you put 1000 into it at a high price, and then sell? If not then you really did not "lose" $1000. From the peak price and the price now the value decreased 2,700 or so for me. I have not lost that amount due to not selling. I did not buy in at the peak either. 
If you bought in at say 150, why not hold onto them until the price goes back up, and then if you want to sell, then sell to get your money back out of it? I am personally going to hold onto my coins for several years. 
@_date: 2013-04-05 02:01:07
People who want you to sell, or not get into the market so the price will fall will typically say don't get into it. People who want the price to keep rising will say get into it. So take whatever you hear with a grain of salt. The best thing to do is dig into the information and come to your own conclusion. We are all guessing here, none of us are in possession of a magic ball. I personally think it's going to rise then crash at some point but then climb back up. My guess is as good as anyone's guess. 
Me personally I have almost 18 coins mined, I don't plan on selling any time soon. I doubt I will sell any for quite a few years.
@_date: 2013-11-20 10:11:20
If you are serious and that is accurate we would be right about where the D in "Despair" is. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 00:00:38
In all honesty it depends on how much cash you have. For instance if you bought this  the break even point would be at 107 days, but the profit would be around 9,500 after 1 year, so almost doubling your money, again if you don't pay for power. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 23:38:57
The bitcoin protocol regulates the rate of bitcoin production. The miners all agree to roughly 1 every 10 minutes or so. The difficulty increases due to increased hashing power. More ASIC's coming online, and faster ASIC's coming online raises the difficulty. 
Now as for 18 million being mined by 2020, it will be less than that. My guess without doing the math and looking at the graph would be about 17.5 million or so. 
Those who mine for profit only, will turn their miners off when it is not profitable to mine. Doing this will lower the difficulty. Sure one miner turning theirs off for a while will not do much but a lot doing it would lower the difficulty to a degree that makes it profitable for some, but not for others, if more drop out the profit will come back, and those that turn theirs back on quicker will get a larger margin until everyone else catches up. You are also not taking into account more efficient mining hardware coming onto the market. First adopters or those able to get them first will profit the most. You also have to take into account the price of bitcoin. If a miner is losing money right now, if they think the price will go up in the future in a reasonable time frame then they can simply mine at a loss in today's value, but a gain in future value. 
One last thing, when bitcoin first came into existance and for quite a while after, just like a lot of alt coins now it's not profitable at that time, but they hope and place a bet of sorts that the value will come in time. I just wish I started mining sooner and did more. At one point I was mining something like .1 a day on a low end nvidia card and stopped for a while because I thought it wasn't enough.
@_date: 2013-03-14 04:51:25
In general when an authority tells it's populace it can't have something, the populaces initial reaction is to say I want it. Granted that does not last for a long time, but the initial demand for bitcoin would increase. If the demand increases the price will typically increase. The points that are cut off will not be able to process any transactions but all services will likely not be able to be cut off entirely. So users would flock to the areas that they can. The price would increase dramatically for a while, level off then fall back down when things cooled off. 
With that said, I doubt the government will do anything about bitcoin ever. The only possible way they would is if it would actually pose a risk of replacing the currency. This is something that cannot really happen. Sure bitcoin has value, and can be used as currency, but it is mainly in the realm of commodities. For instance gold if you buy and sell gold, the government will not come in and say hey, you can't do that. Bitcoin will never replace a currency; it will be an addition to, not a replacement of.
@_date: 2013-04-05 03:55:34
I assume you are mining with a pool, if so the coins stay in the pool until you hit a certain amount that you dictate like 1btc or .1btc and then it sends it to the address you gave them when it hits that amount. If you have the regular bitcoin wallet click the "recieve coins" tab, and click new address. Name it whatever you want, then copy the address and paste it where the pool says to. If I knew what pool I could give a bit more detailed instructions. 
@_date: 2013-11-05 03:56:38
You can say the same thing about USD, just a bit more. 
@_date: 2013-12-11 10:44:31
While I won't simply dis what they wrote like others have done, I will say that it is not complete. It's arguable whether you would make your money back now or not. As for getting the KnCMiner last I checked they were sold out, you would have to go another route. Search for a few calculators and then decide, don't go on one alone. I can't remember the one most recommend here but yeah it gives a better idea about the exponential growth in the difficulty rate. Right now I'd say if you spent 5k on something that they did, you wouldn't see a ROI for quite some time, if ever if you pay for your own electricity. If you get in on the next wave of ASIC's that are quite a bit faster and get it early then it's possible to make your money back and then a little bit more. 
All in all it all depends on how high bitcoin goes. If it stays at around 1k per then you might make your money back eventually. If you hold onto what you mine and it goes down and stabalizes at 500, then it's likely that you wont. If you hold onto what you mine and it goes up to 2k, then you will likely get your money out of it and a decent amount more. 
The paper is not "bad", it's just incomplete. There is a ton of room for improvement. Certainly though not worth a 0. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 18:18:05
200 is a very conservative number, and that will likely not be the max between then and now. 
@_date: 2013-12-30 06:48:25
Short sightedness seems to be one of their few perspectives. 
@_date: 2013-11-08 06:52:23
Personally I check it a few times a day. Before when trying to make a bit of money here and there on the volatility I was glued to it, but yeah. 
The long term trend will likely be up. 
@_date: 2013-11-24 06:58:09
I believe this is sort of like fraudulent checks, that still happens, and people still get caught. If they did find out a way to do this, I am sure you as a responsible retailer would have some theft prevention systems already in place. You could track the time codes, and see who made the transaction. Giving that information to the police would help to build a case against that theft. If you wanted to go the extra mile you could also require a thumb print. This would make it even harder to get away with it. Sure they might get out of the store and think they got away with it for a while, but it would eventually catch up to them. Especially if you distributed flyers or something with their image on it saying do not sell to this person, notify the police. Or something along those lines. 
Reading some of the replies here including yours it appears you do not want to have to deal with a payment processor. I am sure that in due time there will be ways to help stop some of that risk, like for instance a piece of software checking the blockchain to see if that address has the required funds. That software or minor service may cost something, but over time it should be less expensive than current alternatives. 
One last thought. You could also setup something like a trusted customer kind of deal, give them some discounts, etc. They will have to provide some information like a phone number, e-mail, address or something that can help to identify them easier. Again something most people wouldn't like but this would help speed up the process. For those that do not want to be apart of the trusted customer program, you could have them wait until enough verification come through.
Or you could have them pre-send bitcoins to a store account, and allow them to stay in the account and or take them out whenever they wanted. Then all they would have to do is purchase something and that amount gets withdrawn from their account. Think of it like a pre-paid credit card kind of deal. I am sure that will at some point popup somewhere. Be it a third party offering that service, or a store doing it. 
@_date: 2013-12-30 08:37:06
For the most part very well said. The only part I sort of disagree with is giving the idea of "intrinsic value" weight. The idea of intrinsic value comes from certain people likely those with power to suggest one thing is worth more than something else. 
If you think there is such a thing as intrinsic value then you can easily apply that value to bitcoin. It is "backed" so to speak by it's very creation. From it's framework, to new creation of coins/units to the block chain itself in how each transaction is recorded. All of that has value. How much value we all place on it is the real question. 
@_date: 2013-12-30 08:59:39
Although this would be good generally speaking but I wouldn't want to donate to the movie industry. I would want to donate to the content producers. 
The major flaw in your reasoning is bitcoin being anonymous--it isn't. It's generally hard to track who owns what address/s but it is not impossible. Cash is by far more anonymous. 
If the movie industry set something like this up it would be within the realm of the MPAA, and the content producers would not see a dime of it. Look up their accounting tricks to see how they screw over content producers. 
Now as for the idea that the movie and music industry are "hurting", they aren't. The industry as a whole is more profitable than ever. Those that produce content however in a lot of instances are the ones being squeezed. 
There has been 0 evidence produced that suggests that pirating hurts either industry. There have been studies suggesting that piracy actually helps lower budget movies. It has little to no effect on large budget movies. I believe you are falling for their lies rather than digging into it. I mean if you have been living for a while, you may remember them saying the VCR was going to kill the movie industry, home taping was going to kill the music industry, any technology that comes up it's going to kill this or that. What happens? They eventually embrace the technology and make a killing. The difference now is that the technology is at a point that you do not need a large production house or studio to make music/movies. The more this trend continues the less the MPAA and RIAA will become irrelevant. 
Should have said "relevant" at the end. Well instead of "will become irrelevant", I should have said something like "will be relevant", or change "less", to "more".
@_date: 2013-11-28 06:11:27


How so? You eat don't you? Where do you think whatever you eat originates from? They may not say I will give you half a pound of dirt for services rendered, but they don't do that with gold either. 
Silk road did not really help nor hinder bitcoin. Saying it did or didn't is pure speculation. There are a lot of different reasons why people got interested in bitcoin, some within the realm of reality and some that isn't--like bitcoin taking over the unit of account for the U.S. which isn't going to happen ever. You have a lot of different types of people putting money into it for one reason or another. One group thinks that using it to buy shit is the only way to raise it's value further, others holding onto it, and others have their reasons, but the truth of the matter is, it's all of the above. Not one or the other. 
You bought into it not looking to make a return, but miners; not all mind you but quite a few mined early because they saw it's potential and mined for a possible profit long term. Bitcoin needs all types of users, not just your type, or another type. You are no more or no less special than billy joe bob mining away on his cpu back in the beginning. 
It really seems like you are trying to take credit, and or give credit to your type of activities for bitcoins success. If so then wow... The only one that can really take credit like that is the creator. If you are not the creator, then your contributions are again just as good/bad as mine, as everyone's here even if they never touched bitcoin, but only spoke its name. 
@_date: 2013-12-12 00:45:21
I agree with the sentiment but you can profit from them it just depends on a lot of circumstances. Last I checked they were like 10-15 each, and at those prices no way in hell will you ever break even unless bitcoin jumps to something like 5k each then maybe you will break even but profit? No. At 50 cents to a dollar each you would make your money back eventually and maybe a little bit of a profit. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:05:47
What price did you buy in at, and why not just wait? Cashing out now would not be a good idea. 
As for being grounded? My guess is you did not explain to your father how bitcoin works, and that the price goes up and down, and that he has not actually "lost" money until he cashes out. If you bought high and sold low, then yeah you deserve to be grounded. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 00:56:40
Does it compound automatically? Or do you specifically have to keep buying contracts of sorts? and where is the price list per gh?
@_date: 2013-12-20 02:24:47
I am not sure why you were downvoted... Bitcoin can be "hacked" as well. That amount of people being hacked is not likely any time soon, but depending on how things go it could still happen. Right now an exchange could be hacked and get a good number of people. In order to make bitcoin easier to deal with for non-tech savvy people there is likely going to be something along the way of something like a credit card type of deal where a third party holds your coins and allows you to add/withdraw with the use of something that does not have any bitcoin keys within that medium, but that once you make a purchase, or add bitcoins to the account, it uses the bank, or third parties authentication methods and then goes to your account and makes the necessary adjustments. When and or if this ever happens, the same deal lined out in the article could happen. 
Just to be clear I don't see a bitcoin credit card happening for quite some time, but a bitcoin backed bank card or something of equal significance is not out of the question. 
@_date: 2013-10-02 19:57:28
Everything is taxable. Bitcoin can easily be taxed if they wanted to. In order for you to get anything out of bitcoin, you have to either transfer it into goods or currency. Once that transaction is made, it can be taxed, that will come a little later on when states start to tax the internet a lot more, and exchanges will move around to states with the lowest taxes. 
Again, it's not a threat, I have not heard a single coherent logical argument that would lead me to believe it could actually be a threat. In all honesty, the only threat it poses, is to credit card companies, and companies like paypal who charge fairly large fees--in comparison on transferring money. So maybe paypal, or credit card companies will bomb bitcoin? 
@_date: 2013-04-28 09:02:26
Completely agree, the only way ASIC miners will make a difference is if they put money into bitcoin instead of just selling bitcoins. The more money that is put into bitcoin, the more they are worth; generally speaking at least. 
@_date: 2013-07-04 04:19:33
The aesthetics are not absolutely terrible, but the usability is off the charts fucked. A user should be able to intuitively go to a site like this and see what bitcoins and whatnot are trading at, I spent a few minutes looking at it and so far I can't see if they even offer an exchange. I assume you have to make an account and login before you get to see it. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 01:54:48
Good post, I would like to add one thing to it though. Fiat currencies inflate, so the value held over time will always be a bit higher for bitcoin. If bitcoin's actual value held steady, the price would ultimately still rise due to other currency values falling. 
@_date: 2013-03-29 11:27:36
I don't see it as a problem if 2 individuals got together and did this, the profit they made would not be that great due to slippage and whatnot. The real issue that I see coming is when big players enter the market like hedge funds and traders. If a trader wanted to make a mint in bitcoin for themselves, they could sell a ton of the bitcoins that the company has, and when the price drops to the lowest point, then the trader buys back in as much as they can afford and ride the wave back up. This will result in a loss for the company, and a gain for the individual. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 06:23:44
Still have them... Sold a few along the way for around 100-200 each or so, needed some things. If I could have waited til now to sell them, I would have gotten easily 2k or more for them :(.. 
The 560 ti, and 6850 is in my main system and the 7950 is in my server.. Yeah I will edit the other post... My brain is not all that solid at the moment. I just checked newegg order history and I got the MSI R7950 Twin Frozr 3GD5/OC Radeon HD 7950 3GB... got it around March 6th of this year. Mined with it up until just recently, it likely mined a few bitcoins during that time, so not a huge profit but still it paid for itself so to speak. The 6850 was purchased July 2012 and mined with it pretty consistently. It more than paid for itself. The 560ti I got mid December 2011. If I would have went the ATI route at the time I would have a much bigger stash at the moment. I knew of Bitcoin at the time, but not really into mining all that much. I actually mined like half a bitcoin I think with a gt240 and lost it somewhere along the line. At some point I will check my old hard drives and see if I can find the wallet file. 
Let's just say I don't plan on selling any, anytime soon. Maybe if one gets up to 10k or something I will. Today I just got into cex.io and am giving that a go. Going to move a little more into it and mine for a little while that way. 
@_date: 2013-03-28 11:07:48
We in the USA are not the only market available. Even if USA markets didn't accept bitcoin, others could. Even if that goes away across the board it would still not kill it because there are other uses for it, like transferring cash from one person to another, and trading. You are only talking about one part. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:01:45
I was finally able to make a transaction and it doesn't seem right. GHS is much lower than 1, which it should be higher than?
@_date: 2013-11-14 05:55:51
If they were insane enough to do this they would just buy the manufacturers out, and develop their own, not selling to the public at all. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:47:03
As the other person said "timing the market"... To do this successfully you need to be lucky, and or have inside information. Just to give a minor example... that sudden dip if you sell at that point could immediately go back up, and not go below that point for quite some time.  
@_date: 2013-11-17 09:05:00
If push came to shove, they could just use local bitcoins and find a few people around and sell a few, and eventually get up to that amount.
@_date: 2013-02-17 01:02:22
Seems like a badly executed scam. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 10:43:20
Or you could say "uninformed clowns like this" help the bitcoin community, when people say completely stupid shit that most rational thinkers can see is, they go and look for information on their own. You can also look at it like if you don't have a few clowns like this, then you haven't made it mainstream yet. There are always going to be a few idiots here and there on any issue, these guys are bitcoin's idiots. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:58:14
I completely agree that having some coin, and USD in several exchanges is the right way to go, but most people can't afford to diversify like that, or at least not enough that would result in any significant gain. If you have 10 coins and 1000 USD spread across 5 exchanges for example it would be 2 coins and 200 USD per exchange. The better money is in quick large transactions. Buy a lot low, sell a lot high. 
@_date: 2013-03-28 01:18:51
With the current trends, I see it getting up to 100 or so then dropping as people sell, The price will drop at most to 60 or so. My guess is around 75 to 80. Then it will  slowly crawl back up to 100, drop down again slightly then back up to 110, drop go up, etc, etc. I am looking at it from the perspective of what people think it will get upto, and or a price they want to see it at before they sell. These are typically round numbers or quarters, like 100, 110, 120, 125. I don't see the price being stable anytime soon. By stable anytime soon I mean staying at a range of 2 or 3 dollars for a week or so. If I were to guess at a point it would become stable is around the 200 mark after it bounces back. At this rate that could easily happen by the end of the year if not a lot sooner. 
I don't claim to have a magic ball, but my guess is as good as anyone else's guess. 
My point is that we are all guessing here, I agree with most of what you said in the realm of just guessing. The main deviation is in the hardcore believers. In this area I don't see bitcoin as necessarily having a floor. Even those who would fit into your hardcore believers category can  be rocked and end up selling. If lets say the price jumps up to 200, and drops to 50 during that fall some of the hardcore guys will sell then buy back when they think the theoretical floor hits. The floor in my view is not the floor as it can go lower. The floor is around a few cents per bitcoin. It would take a lot to fall to that level, but it is possible. The lowest point I see it going with the likeliest probability is around 3 to 8 dollars. Again that has very low odds of happening but again it's possible. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 17:51:49
The lag is due to DDOS attacks, this is because of their popularity. If another exchange stepped up and held the majority of users then guess what, they will start lagging as well due to them being attacked via DDOS. If they had better servers and more redundancy maybe it wouldn't be as severe if the same level of attack was brought against them. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 17:47:28
From my understanding the lag is from a DDOS attack. The DDOS attack is due to it's popularity. So if everyone stopped using it, and went to your preference, it would become popular, and guess what? DDOS and they would lag as well. 
@_date: 2013-11-24 06:26:53
The point is, that would be incredibly irrelevant. If an "attacker", or someone wanting to mine coins from your machine, brought their own hardware to mine it wouldn't make any sense at all. If they had the hardware they would just hook it up to their machines. Now since you were talking about GPU's then it's likely they could put software on your computer that mined for them. If your GPU is using a lot of resources and your computer is lagging for seemingly no reason at all, then it could be the case. Use a program to check you graphics card temp and if it's above what it normally is at then do a bit more digging. Also there would be no need to "open up" your computer unless they for some reason couldn't get by your login, and if that's the case they would have to load another O/S, or change the HDD's out, or something along those lines which makes it improbable at best. 
@_date: 2013-11-28 05:48:15
Bitcoin is not anonymous. It's relatively hard to track users but by far not impossible. Every transaction is contained within the blockchain. Given a little bit of information and time and an identity can be revealed. Cash is by far more anonymous than bitcoin will ever hope to be unless the core protocol changes and deletes the ledger aspect of bitcoin which would have a whole host of other issues. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 05:59:34
I agree it isn't likely to happen, but if they did want to do this, and yes they would be insane to do so, but if they did, I would say it would be more than 51% and just do what they could to destabilize it. The only real way to hurt bitcoin long term is to shatter the confidence in it. Instead of taking over the fork long term, like forking off, then everyone else moving to another fork to thwart that attack, they instead turned the miners on and off at key times. Like when the fork is starting to correct itself, stop, wait 'til everyone catches up then do it again.The 51% attack is not necessarily a means to "destroy", but a means to control the chain to an extent that you get control over the network mainly in the area of who gets what blocks, etc and or that you get all of them. It's an exploit for potential profit, not potential demise. 
@_date: 2013-11-08 03:11:14
If you keep the chart and can actually find it in 1, 2, or 3 years from now, kudos. 
@_date: 2013-12-30 15:03:08
Deflation is bad when you have a main unit of account deflating. A growing economy needs inflation for it to function properly, this is why going back to the gold standard for a growing economy is a bad idea. Bitcoin being deflationary is not bad due to it is not a main unit of account. It is simply a store of value like gold. So long as the US does not adopt bitcoin as it's legal tender then there is no big deal, and I highly doubt that anyone in their right mind would do such a thing. I agree with Krugman on a lot of things, but this is just not one of them. I think he is thinking about bitcoin in entirely the wrong context, and or is primarily thinking about it in the context a lot of libertarians do--taking over the USD, or primary currency for a large growing country. 
@_date: 2013-12-28 11:47:23
China has not been presented with "significant" hurdles... The hurdles have simply been made visible rather than hidden. BTC China is now accepting currency again. Within the next few months I expect India to issue some regulations similar to China's, some panic will ensue, then it will level out. 
The last part I assume you mean that instead of handing someone a denomination of fiat, they handover, or send the merchant bitcoin? and with this action it will be harder to regulate? If so this is not really accurate... If it's a street vender who deals in cash and doesn't really have to "account" for anything then sure, but fiat would fit this bill as well. The deal with a large merchant, or a business accepting bitcoin in any capacity that have to adhere to accounting principles it would not really be all that hard to regulate or be a substantial burden to do so. If a business sells to a customer, they have to have a way to account for that sale, they can't simply wink and nod, and say this sale is super special and off the books, wink wink. It will get counted as a sale, and as such it will be subject to any regulations that would be subjected to fiat. For instance sales tax, that will be taken out at point of purchase, be it fiat or bitcoin there is nothing stopping a business from doing this, and if they don't and their books don't line up they can't simply say "well those where paid for with....... ummm bitcoin, so they don't count?" and hope to maintain the composure of anyone auditing the books, and or business license. In such an instance they would likely have to pay back all of those back taxes. 
My broader point is that any business that is already subject to regulation, then bitcoin would fit right in, and be subjected to the same types of regulation that regulate the use of fiat. The only difference is that currently you can't pay taxes in bitcoin, you can't send bitcoin to the federal or state governments. If the company actually keeps bitcoin in bitcoin, the tax total would have to be exchanged for fiat first. Most businesses though that need money coming in to operate the business and will simply exchange bitcoin to fiat via a service like bitpay very quickly, and then at that instant, from an accountants perspective looking at the books for the business it will be dealing exclusively in fiat, since the business has no direct access, and or storage of bitcoin. Will it be able to "accept" bitcoin? Yes sort of. A customer can pay in bitcoin, but the business accepts the purchase via cash. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 09:06:47
0.001 does not equal a penny, or a dime. The USD is not structured in that way, so putting it in that way takes your argument way out of context. If you equate 1 BTC to 1 USD, then a penny would be 0.01 BTC—which would be cBTC if my memory is correct. I do understand the concept and can fathom an mUSD, but there is no need to do so as it has no logical purpose for what you were trying to do. You appear to be comparing apples and oranges here. Sure we can create a hypothetical mUSD, but we could also create an mUnicorn, but it doesn’t mean it will be equal. As much as people may like to see bitcoin as being a currency, it isn’t. Sure it can be used as one, but it’s not specifically designed for that purpose. To be a bit more equal would be comparing it to something like gold which is less inflationary than fiat currency. With throwing “nano” in there, it’s just saying whatever you may think sounds correct, but just a tiny bit of digging would show you some correct terminology. It’s like if I said PB was pizzabite instead of petabyte. 
@_date: 2013-10-02 23:03:11
Bitcoin doesn't work that way. You can't lobby it out of existence. You can't fight it that way. Sure you can make it harder to use, but so long as it's usable it will not go away. If you actually want to destroy bitcoin, to make it where no one can use it or would want to use it, you would have to fight it technologically. Taking over the chain, and creating a lot of havoc and destroying the confidence in it. That is about the only way to do it. 
I think those who know a bit about how it works, would laugh their asses off at the mere mention of bitcoin being lobbied against to get laws passed to shut it down. Unless that law is taking a shit ton of money, and buying the necessary hardware to do such a thing, you can forget about it actually working. I mean you might as well try to handcuff air. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 23:41:06


Not exactly. The difficulty is adjusted every 2016 blocks. Not every 2 weeks, yes it averages out to every 2 weeks, but that is not the level of measurement for determining the difficulty change. This is a very important distinction. Since it adjusts every 2016 blocks between adjustments let's say period 1 is only 1 week, this would make period 2 be 3 weeks, to try to maintain that 10 minute per block average. The only way could be [mined] early would be a huge order of change near the end, and it would have to be within the 2016 block window. So sure theoretically speaking bitcoin could have all blocks mined around 13 days or so early, but considering the time frames we are working with that is insignificant. Now as for reaching it earlier than expected? Not really, it was within the window. It was in the first part of the window, but not out of expectation. 
50 to 25 BTC was expected to be mined on December 9th 2012, it was mined November 28th, so it was mined 11 days early generally speaking. 
@_date: 2013-04-14 07:00:29
What are the graphics cards? It may actually end up costing you more to build what you want, than buy a 100 to 200 dollar card and get a much better hashing rate. 
USB will likely not be a possibility, it will more than likely have to be done through an ExpressCard slot. 
@_date: 2013-12-02 06:18:01
Then they would be stupid to sell it all at once due to slippage. The best bet would be to set a price near the going rate. Either do that with all, or a lot of them and it would create a huge wall. Why would someone buy that much, then sell to a point they would likely end up losing money? Only an idiot would do something like that. 
@_date: 2013-11-05 03:58:44
Well more than half of the population likely has never heard of a USD, so what's your actual point?
@_date: 2013-05-13 07:54:48
A partition is just another logical disk. With that logical disk mounted there is nothing stopping the O/S from accessing it. If they used truecrypt and created a volume and left it unmounted then a virus/malware would not be able to access it until it was mounted again. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 18:36:03
I have not worked with bitpay personally and don't know a lot about it right now. So you may want to take that into consideration. 
From my understanding of how these things work. Bitpay would more or less right at that moment transfer it from BTC to USD. The way the bitocoin markets work. You have sellers and buyers. A seller can either sell immediatly at market price--the going rate or place a price on it. For instance let's say the going rate is 1100. If you sell at market price and dump let's say 5 bitcoins at that rate, there may be a little bit of slippage but generally speaking it would likely be around 1100 each. However if you place a price at 1100, and there are buy orders for 4 bitcoins at 1100 and 1 bitcoin at 1099 you will sell 4 very quickly, but that one will still be there as a sell order. If 1099 is the max it goes up to period for your comfortable period of time it will never get filled. However the way the markets fluctuate it will likely sell at some point, maybe not immediately but likely within a day or 2 unless there is a crash or huge downward pressure like how things have went recently. 
Selling at market prices puts downward pressure on bitcoin, if you set a price, and someone buys at that price it puts an upward pressure on price. 
Again though this is from my understanding of bitcoin as a whole. If I am wrong about anything hopefully someone will chime in and correct it. 
Bitpay may or may not have mechanisms in place to deal with slippage or not like account for the slippage, if so then it shouldn't be a huge deal to the business using it. 
@_date: 2013-10-03 08:00:49
The only way tradinng on silk road affects the price, is new people coming in and buying more bitcoins to use on silk road. For people who already had bitcoins, just buying and selling goods with it, it shouldn't have that much, if any direct impact. It's like you buying a hamburger from a mom and pop shop, that in and of itself does not directly have an effect on the stock market. A type of an ancillary effect would be the purchasing of the beef, cheese and condiments that the shop now has to purchase to replenish what they sold to you. In bitcoin terms, the buying, and selling of those goods, could lead to more people wanting to do so as well, and purchasing more bitcoins, and that would have an effect on the price. 
From my understanding, the loss that happened today, is not related to silk road in losing that volume of sales, per say, but a side effect of no coins being purchased for that purpose will hamper the price for a while. The drop was almost certainly the result of people panicking thinking that the only thing that held the price that high was silk road, and expecting a huge downturn in price, so they dumped as early as they could, hoping to retain some of that high value. Which was more along the lines of a self fulfilling prophecy. 
@_date: 2013-11-08 07:21:45
I am thinking about getting some of those block erupters, should have looked into it a hell of a lot sooner. Right now it looks like if I am able to get them for around 15 each, it will take 188 days to break even and at the end of a year profit by 10 bucks or so. Granted if the price per btc stays even that is. 
@_date: 2013-11-28 05:42:06
Correct me if I am wrong, but isn't china undervaluing its currency? The trend now is to take a little less control which would actually inflate the Yuan a little bit and get it closer to it's actual value... 
Also if you calculate the Yaun and what it is trading at in China it's now pretty equal to what other exchanges are at. The last run up to 900 it was quite a bit higher. 
With this in mind I don't see how you are coming to the conclusion you are, it makes no sense. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 02:33:17
??? Personally I don't think it will get below 500, but definitely not below 250. I am not sure how long it's going to last but optimistically speaking I think it will start to level out over the weekend and start climbing back up fairly slowly. My guess Monday it will be at about 650/750. 
Now as for "healthy correction", I don't believe that is accurate. This is not really a correction as it was induced by other factors. It's a market retraction due to issues in China right now. So when the market retracts as much as it is going to, the money will come back into it minus those that retracted. Depending on how much it retracted thats about what will fall out when we get back to something stable. I am hoping only about 200 dollars worth will be it and getting back to 1k or so within the build up time. Hopefully by the end of the year but likely by the end of January. 
I am not suggesting I have a crystal ball or anything, it's just my best guess. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 05:54:55
A correction, not a pop... I don't believe this is a bubble per say. If it is a bubble it would crash down to around the 250/300 mark.
@_date: 2013-12-28 11:01:39
Was a somewhat decent article up until it said bitcoin was banned in China... Bitcoin was not banned in China in the least, it was given rules to follow. Much like what the article talks about India needing in order to continue trading in India. I can't remember the other site right now but go here and look at the running totals under China  Or go to  and check that out, does it look "banned" to you? Or look at any number of reddit submissions talking about bitcoin and China, BTC China is now open to accepting money again, it's far from being banned in China, or India. Anyone that says otherwise doesn't know what they are talking about, and haven't done their due diligence and searched for anything about it. They just see some dumbass saying China banned bitcoin, then perpetuate the inaccurate statement. 
@_date: 2013-10-27 12:35:50
Not to mention it does it off of a population figure, not everyone that is technically alive will have internet access at all, must less have the wherewithal to use bitcoin. If it was tied to broadband adoption it would be more telling, but it wouldn't be accurate as it doesn't account for all bitcoin adoption, just the overall interest of a specific client. Not to mention, not all that download use it, and some likely download it more than once. I personally have downloaded it likely 4 or 5 times, so unless it's a unique count, and it can count the different PC's that I have used, different IP's etc, it's still not as accurate as it could be. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 23:06:34
You can download a miner right now if you wanted to and start mining, but it wouldn't really be profitable, as it's unlikely you have any ASIC's. You can CPU mine or GPU mine, but the cost of finding a block would be exceeded by a large margin the amount of power costs it would take to find that block, and or the amount of work you would give to a pool. To be profitable you would have to find an ASIC, and generally around $5,000 or so will get you a ROI within a month or two depending on the increase in difficulty, and price per bitcoin, and if you sold them after mining, etc. The USB miners are not going to net a profit so you might not want to get those unless you just want to help add to the security of bitcoin, their ROI is 1 year + if that.
@_date: 2013-11-07 07:22:05
I am not sure about the high risk you are talking about right now, I will have to look into it further. Before I do, I wanted to make a few comments. One selling .2 is not the same as buying. My guess--without looking is that the high risk is due to certain credit cards and banks. If you are in Illinois, this may be something that is hampering you. My bank automatically blocks anything going to Illinois unless I ask them specifically to unblock it for x amount of time for it to through. This is due to a lot of fraudulent activity in that area. The second thing, you said "Bitcoin may die soon because nobody can buy it!", that is beyond hyperbole. I mean even if you knock out the US completely, China has stepped up immensely, not to mention the activity across the world. If by some very unlikely scenario that the US gets cut out of the bitcoin market it would drop the price though and likely lead to a small crash, but it would still recover. You not being able to buy through a single source will not hurt bitcoin. You do have other avenues you can go through if you would like, they may not be instant or as good as coinbase, but it's not like you have 0 options. 
@_date: 2013-11-17 09:08:28
I made a post for you and others who can't read it, I just copied all of the relevant text and added it to here. If you can read reddit posts you should be able to read it now. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 02:09:06
Then you may want to give back every single dollar you have in your possession, being actual currency in hand or in a bank account. Odds are very good that most if not all has been used in “dirty” ways before. Sure it may have been “cleaned” through money laundering, but that laundered money by your view point would be dirty as well. 
@_date: 2013-11-28 06:40:48
If not for the miners, what would you have bought? Every group plays it's role. Saying one group is more responsible than another is absurd. 
Also who's to say some miners didn't buy bitcoins? You are making a very large generalization and trying to give credit where it is not due. If not for silk road, there would have almost certainly been other activities to take its place. Hell there is a good argument that silk road hindered bitcoins rise. All of the illegal activity tarnishing it's name, giving people pause to use it for other reasons. Did silk road play a role? Yes, but so did many others. There is no winning team here, or no one designated to pat backs here. If you want to continue patting yours, go ahead, but I will not, and I will not pat mine either for the role that I played. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 10:45:11
From what I have seen it's more or less glad handing and jerking off CEO's of financial institutions. 
@_date: 2013-04-28 08:54:48


Uhh, bitcoin does not work that way. The amount of creation is fixed at 25 every 10 minutes or so. Theoretically if someone switched on a shit load of hashing power at just the right time they could create more than 25 in 10 minutes or so, but over time it will even back out, after the difficulty changes to reflect the new hashing power it will likely take a bit longer than 10 minutes until the average is back to every 10 minutes. So there is no way for a huge increase of bitcoins flooding the market. The only way for ASIC’s to really raise the price of bitcoins is for the ASIC miners to buy bitcoins and use them to help keep their investment alive. If they simply sell the coins, they add nothing to the price, they only add to the stability of the network. 
@_date: 2013-04-29 01:40:43
Check out Entropia Universe It does something very similar to what you are talking about. The only thing is, it's very hard to make money unless you deposit money, and even then it's not guaranteed. 
The flaw with this kind of thinking right now is not that it's not a good general idea, it's the fact that human nature sets in. Whenever real money is on the line, people tend to cheat a lot more, and those in control over the system need to get theirs, and a healthy share of "theirs" With Entropia it's more or less a casino. Entropia does not work off of bitcoin, but they have their own currency that stays at a fairly fixed rate to USD if memory serves. It basically works out where you could play for free, and earn about 25 cents an hour if you hustle or you can deposit money to them, and or transfer money out of it.  
@_date: 2013-12-07 02:40:22
China bought a shit load of coins, which pushed the price way up. The first news coming out was not "bad", but not necessarily "good"--about banks not being able to use it. Now the main Chinese search engine stopped using it, and a lot of other deals, China is starting to sell a lot of their holdings. The huge fluctuations right now are likely due to day traders trying to make some money off of speculation. When it starts to dip, sell, then when it starts to go back up, buy. 
@_date: 2013-12-28 23:36:29
Taxes are a part of regulation, and my response was not about taxes in totality, but simply that anything that is regulating fiat, can easily be applied to bitcoin from a business point of view. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 01:19:29
To use something like BTC-e to convert namecoin to BTC, and or litecoin to BTC before funding the CEX.io account. Or do they have addresses for those? I could only find a BTC address. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 05:57:32
In all honesty if banks did adopt bitcoin, and it got to a point where more sophisticated attacks could wipe out all the coins you have and went mainstream like a virus then having a hardware wallet wouldn't be an asset and it doesn't make sense to have one. 
What would make sense in that scenario is simply having the bank control the wallet, and use a bank card like we do right now to purchase things. The bank could either trade the coins with itself for cash and or set up their own types of exchanges to immediately transfer it to cash. For example I go and purchase a nice 60" tv for 2,000 let's say bitcoins are worth $1,000 at that time and I have $5,000 in my account and 4 bitcoins in my account. I could potentially select a bitcoin symbol to use from my account, it would check against the market to see if it would cover the monetary value of the TV, and if so approve the purchase. This would likely take "double-spending" off of the table completely. Or at least it would have to be a much more sophisticated effort to do. That would make 0 or 1 confirmation orders go through as quickly as they do now. The drawback is that banks would of course apply fees to it. Might be less, might be more. Or if we can manage to get a non-profit kind of institution to do this the fees would be much less. 
The key point I am trying to make is that you have tradeoffs. If you want low fees then you have to be willing to wait on more confirmations which limits it's use. 
I honestly think buying online with bitcoin is the next big thing. someone said Amazon may adopt it in 2014' their guess I assume. If they did or a lot of online companies did this it wouldn't matter as much due to having to wait for the payment to process anyway, and then waiting on them to ship it out. During all of that waiting they could easily rack up multiple confirmations and pay lower fees to the credit card companies. 
@_date: 2013-10-02 18:57:12
It's not a currency. Do you know the currency that is most involved with illegal drug use/trafficking? If not, it's the USD. Bitcoin is not all that anonymous, but me handing you a 20, in return for drugs, that transaction can be quite anonymous. As such, you can say the same thing about USD, and all other things that hold value. What legitimate business will want to be associated with USD? 
@_date: 2013-12-30 08:21:48
While I agree I agree with your main sentiment, I don't agree with the declared value bit. Fiat money does not have a "declared" value. It is by a governments perspective as a unit of account, or in cases where governments use a specific form of currency "legal tender" The government can't simply declare that a note is worth x amount. They can place a figure on that note, but the market forces declare it's actual value. In the case of the USD, the Fed can enact certain policies that alter the value of the USD, but they can't simply say "I declare 100 dollars to be worth 100 dollars". 
@_date: 2013-04-10 00:30:17
If the price crashes at some point, I will buy more. If not I will just keep mining. The 7950 has already paid for itself, and the 560 ti, and 6850 have more than paid for themselves. Granted to actually pay for themselves I would have to cash out but again I am looking at it long term. If bitcoin crashes and never recovers then I will be out the cost of my hardware, but I will have had the opportunity to actually hold onto, and use the hardware in the mean time. Not to mention the possibility of selling the hardware later on. Think of it like hedging. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 17:16:58
I am not sure about bloomberg news but a minor cursory search would suggest that they are saying something to the effect of "China banned banks from using bitcoin". I was about to say that bloomberg is hit or miss and that would be a miss, but this from what I know so far is fairly accurate. Maybe they like you saw the "banned" and freaked out without looking at it in the context it was put in as in "banks" are banned from using it. Not everyday people. 
@_date: 2013-12-22 18:22:55
Yeah it's like the article about someone buying a Tesla with bitcoin then exclaiming "oh no they didn't" but then the guy in the video saying that he got the money via bitpay... If he made the sale through bitpay then yeah the guy actually bought with bitcoin, that's what bitpay does, I mean wtf? How are these idiots allowed to speak on this matter and maintain any ounce of credibility. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 13:04:36
Right now placing servers there could happen, I don't know about their backbone right now, but if it could support it then sure, if not it could make transactions too slow and cumbersome. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:36:21
From my understanding there will never be exactly 21M not for quite a long time, but that is the absolute peak when it is reached beyond our current life spans.
@_date: 2013-11-28 05:49:04
In all honesty I don't think it went down at all, if it did it could have been standard deviation. If anything it leveled out and then started going up.
@_date: 2013-12-07 06:05:43
I don't know.... I said that one might be. This is the article that I read that talked about it...
I think I misremembered though. At the bottom it says "If I were a tech savvy entrepreneur in India I think this is an area that I would look at a lot more closely. An exchange offering bitcoin locally. And of course I would never go around telling people that this would be the way to get money out of India, out of the rupee. But I have a feeling that the idea would catch on pretty quickly."
Since there are shops in India that are taking bitcoin, and if that trend continues even in the least there is bound to be an exchange in India at some point, how long from now I have no clue. 
There are other links like  that talk about a possible exchange for instance "For entrepreneurs like Sathvik Vishwanath, who runs CoinMonk, a Bitcoin mining startup based in Bangalore, the opportunity is just beginning to gain momentum in India. He told me that the first ever Bitcoin conference in India will help spread more awareness among startups, regulators and even investors.
'Hopefully, after we do the first Bitcoin conference, we would be able to set up an exchange, even if it’s at a small scale,' said Vishwanath."
@_date: 2013-11-28 05:43:43
Could the dollar have worked without the black market? 
@_date: 2013-03-23 01:01:51
I was not suggesting anything to do with the 51% attack. The question at hand is if let’s say 5 to 10 entities control 90 to 95% of the hashing power or very close to and if not 100% of the hashing power. It may not seem possible now, but if bitcoin gets as high as a lot of people predict then the financial incentive will be there for it to happen. Even after the 21 million thresholds is passed. After that point in time miners will make coin through transaction fees. If the entire hashing power of all miners do not accept 0 as a fee or below a certain threshold as a fee then that transaction will never be processed, or take an extremely long time to get process. In that situation the higher the number that they set would have to be at or below that of other transaction fees and be less of a burden on people or they will see other alternatives as viable. 
Now as for there is no financial incentive for a single entity or cartel; that would depend on how much they can control, if they only get 51% then sure it would be a hard fork but if it’s a lot more than 51% then that is something entirely different. Right now with most hashing power being in GPU’s the upcoming boom of ASIC’s make it a lot easier for an entity or two to invest heavily into it and almost guarantee a hefty profit. Just imagine a server farm like setup of ASIC’s and the ASIC’s being a cheaper alternative than servers and bringing in more money. It’s not a far-fetched idea. If that were to happen confidence in the system would be lost after a while, but if timed decently they could still make a hefty profit. This will be much easier once bitcoin exchanges get larger and larger. Think about wallstreet right now and high-frequency trading; computers deciding very quickly when to trade. If something like that ever came into bitcoin which will happen at some point, if those variables line up then someone who just suddenly decides to make a ton of money could manipulate the market in such a way that the investment would be worth it. I am simply saying this is a possibility. The odds of it happening are anyone’s guess at this point. If it did happen there would have to be a way that normal miners could have an advantage over entities with tons of funding. 
The reason why I see bitcoin more or less as an addition to currencies rather than a full replacement of; is because that makes sense. Anything other than that does not. This would disrupt the balance of power significantly. A government for instance; if they see this or any other cryptocurrency as a real threat. They could destroy it fairly easily; costly, but easily; think of entities like the NSA; the amount of money that funds them and everything else. If the USD were really being threatened a natural recourse would be to dump billions of dollars into developing and producing ASIC’s or the next thing to come along that develops tons of hashing power. Most people talk about 51%, but they don’t talk about anything higher than that. A motivated government entity could raise the hashing power to an insane number. Since we all agree if a few entities and or a single entity controls that amount of hashing power is a bad thing for the network as a whole then we should agree that it happening is a bad thing. What you and the person who responded to you are basically talking about is that if this were to happen that it would not be a profitable venture. If a government did this it would not do so primarily out of profit. The amount of money saved in saving their currency would easily surpass anything that could have been created through trading bitcoins. Think of bitcoins as replacing credit cards for a while and other means that charge fees; like paypall and square. It will challenge them and likely replace them at some point, but will never replace or seriously challenge other currencies. It may not seem like a good thing for libertarians and like-minded people who want to replace and destroy other currencies but for all of as a collective it will be a good thing because it will not be seen as a threat and treated as a threat. Bitcoin is not invincible; it is pretty tough but it can be defeated if there is enough incentive to do so. Taking over the dollar or another top currency would give just the incentive to do so. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 23:30:03
From what I understand when the FBI does sell the coins they will not likely do it through an exchange but through an auction of sorts. I can't remember where I read that, but if they did it that way it shouldn't have too large of an effect on the price at that time unless those who bought the coins through the auction immediately dumped them. 
You are also not taking into account that they could also set the coins up at a specific price, let's say 1,100 and that would represent a huge wall at 1,100, and that would not really have an effect on the price, it would keep the price lower as it would take even more to get beyond the 1,100 price point. Anyone just dumping a huge amount of coin would cause a shit load of slippage and wouldn't be worth the effort. It would be better to put it near or at the current price and create a decent wall. 
@_date: 2013-05-05 00:32:20
I just wanted to point out an obvious flaw in logic that you may want to change.


A government and or bank has a lot of resources. If they actually viewed bitcoin as a threat they could easily perform a 51% attack. At the point in time you are talking about, the hashing power wouldn’t have been that much, maybe around 50 to 100k in hardware would have pushed it to 60%+ hashing power or so depending on a few variables; right now this second it would take roughly 2 million dollars to perform a 51% attack if they got the hardware. I think with the growing number of ASIC’s an entity would need to control quite a bit more than 51% to keep it up. 75 to 80% would be the minimum, but a government could easily implement 90%+.
The key reasoning for why most people would not try to or attempt to pull off a 51% attack is that it would not be profitable for them to do so. If it were done the bitcoin price would tank, and people would move to something else, or continue and try to move bitcoin back into the hands of everyone, rather than a single entity. The reason this reasoning does not hold up for the perceived threat that you listed is that if those entities actually viewed it as a threat, the money invested in hardware to thwart the threat would be miniscule to what they were protecting. So they could put 10, 20, hell some entities easily 100M+ into hardware if it were viewed as an actual threat. 
Don’t get me wrong, I want bitcoin to succeed. I am just not going to say a motivated entity like a government or large bank couldn’t do it if they wanted to. Hell if it was an actual threat don’t you think the large and small banks would chip in on the project? Hell a fairly small country could take down the network right now if they really wanted to. The only way that threat will subside is if it would cost a large entity many many billions of dollars to take it on. Even then it only thins it out to the larger entities. 
With all of that said, I think bitcoin and hope bitcoin stays around for quite some time. I don’t view it as a threat to any other currency. Maybe a very small country will use it, but I doubt that will happen any time soon; think of bitcoin like gold+, an addition to, not replacement of type of thing; something that can hold and store value while still being able to be used like currency. The only things that I see that bitcoin could potentially “replace” are entities like paypal and square, and possibly 5 to 10 years down the road, credit cards. Now as for replacing a currency like the USD; if everything fell into place and everything went bitcoins way toward that end, I think it would take a minimum of 30+ years if not much much longer. If it ever goes down that path a motivated entity could easily take it out. Look to oil companies and what they do to stay on top for just a minor glimpse into what is possible for a motivated entity. 
@_date: 2013-12-26 08:16:22
I am by far not an expert on bitcoin so take what I say as is. 
The first point a block every 10 minutes I assume was the acceptable target time it stretches the mined blocks out further than say 5 minutes. If it were 5 minutes all blocks would be mined in half the time. 
The second and third I believe are like that for consistency. Having it that far out is not too far that it could cause significant harm, but far enough to where people can have some confidence in the mean time. Just imagine the difficulty changing every day, it would cause more confusion and less general consistency. Halving every 210k I believe is a long term trend to ramp up the first part to get the bulk of coins out there, then taper off at the end. This helps keep it primarily deflationary. Even though bitcoin is "inflating" so to speak up until all 21 million are mined, it's deflating as more users want it and more people losing them. 
@_date: 2013-05-06 05:38:29
2 mil or so to us is expensive, but to an entity like a government or bank, that's nothing. If it were a real threat they could easily do it. Now as for stopping small transactions? Either your understanding is wrong or mine is. With a 51%+ attack the entity controlling that much of the network can direct the network to do what it wants. Think of an extremely hard fork, that can't be brought back on the right path unless everyone else suddenly increases it's hashing power to take back control to the other side. If an entity controlled say 90% of the total hashing power it would take quite a bit to regain that control back. The rest of the 10% can't just go on a fork on their own and go about business as usual. The controlling entity could stop all blocks being created by anyone else but them, or stopping all transactions from anyone but them. 
I agree that such a feat would be highly visible and those who are more intelligent than you or I on the topic will see it relatively quickly, they will be powerless to stop it. The rest of the community would start to lose faith little by little and the price would likely tank for as long as the entity kept it up. Once they stopped, or the rest regained control, then comes the repair process. The entity could add more to it and do it again though. 
Now as for going after the exchanges? With how the world economy works, this is not possible. There will always be a country that will allow currency conversion of sorts, and as long as they can wire money to another country it's still going to be running. They could make it hard, and stifle the growth in that way, but stopping it not really. 
Now as for going after the exchanges being cheaper or easier you have to think about how each would go about doing it, and how each are related to a monetary value. For instance the US to go after exchanges in the US would simply need to alter a few laws. For other countries they would need to get something out of it... Like aid or other things that could add up to huge monetary sums. Giving 100 Mil+ in aid to a country that has an exchange will just breed more countries allowing it so they could get the aid to stop it. Again 2 mil right this second could pull it off, and it would be a hell of a lot easier and cheaper to just buy the hardware space and power and get it done. 
Again I do not want such a thing to happen, I hope this continues for as long as it needs to. I am just not deluding myself into thinking it's "expensive" or troublesome to do for a motivated entity. For you or me? Sure it would be one hell of a task to take on, but again for a country, or a bank, not so much. 
@_date: 2013-05-05 00:09:40


Sorry to burst your bubble, but "the powers that be" whoever wanted to really bring down the network, it wouldn't take all that much. 2 to 5 million dollars in hardware or a really large botnet could easily do it. The pre-article talks about the 51% attack, I personally don't think a 51% attack would bring down the network, with the rate ASIC's are coming to market it would be really close to it. 75/80% hashing power is more than feasible, at those rates the rest would have to grow immensely to bring it back in line and give control of the network back to everyone else. 
Oh, and I doubt mtgox is manipulating the price. If they were, a lot more intelligent people than you or I would have seen it by now, and well that would be the end of them. 
@_date: 2013-10-27 12:32:11
Doing this penetration by population doesn't make a lot of sense, please feel free to correct me if I am wrong, but I don't see a lot of babies and elderly with internet access and or having direct access to money. I could see if this was tied to something like broadband adoption rates, that would be much more telling, than population numbers. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 21:07:30
Dropbox and other "cloud" storage I personally don't find to be all that great. Multiple services that use IMAP will guard against any one service suddenly disappearing. With dropbox you are putting all your eggs in one basket so to speak. Now as for rar, if you want to be as paranoid as anyone can be, why not make a truecrypt Serpent-Twofish-AES volume?, then .rar that? If anyone could break that, then holy fuck. 
I don't know a lot about keepass so I could be wrong about this, and feel free to correct me. From some minor reading of how it's done, it basically holds all the passwords you have, and then password protects those passwords. So it would hold the password for .rar or truecrypt if it allows for keyfiles as well as passwords. 
For those using a site like dropbox I would suggest putting the files in password protected containers like a truecrypt volume, or at minimum  .rar Never put sensitive information on any system like that unprotected. 
@_date: 2013-04-05 02:14:19
To be fair, the network tries to make it so that they are released every 10 minutes. If a large number of people suddenly start mining blocks would be found quicker than every 10 minutes, but to compensate for that once the difficulty is adjusted I believe some will take longer than 10 minutes until it starts to average back out to 1 block/25 coins every 10 minutes. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 16:47:28
Transaction fees may or may not "increase" but the number of transactions should increase which will increase the reward for finding a block.
@_date: 2013-12-05 17:12:57
If this write up is accurate then yeah I would agree, I am not saying or suggesting that it isn't I just haven't dug into this issue in depth yet. 
Looking at bitcoinity it looks as if they all took a dip at the same time this would suggest to me that even people in China thought this was bad news and or didn't fully understand it. I think that it will start to go back up shortly it's already leveled out. I think most of the selling was a panic kind of deal. As for people in general I think they have this view of China that anything that they do is bad so when they finally said something in relation to bitcoin they were like all hell is breaking loose and right now it's like "ooops" -- overreacted. 
I do find it kinda odd that the dip took place right when my power went out... I know there is no correlation just a funny kind of deal. 
@_date: 2013-12-11 10:23:33
Yeah, that kind of shit needs to go. I can't stand the whole if you don't agree with my, or societies stances on things then shut up about it. 
@_date: 2013-12-11 10:22:02
To some thinking outside of the box is bad. If you are not doing things that they themselves view as "age appropriate" then they in their mind are doing you a favor. Trying to put you back into your place. I don't agree with that kind of bullshit myself, just giving some insight on how those types of people tend to think. 
As for what 8th graders know, I am sure most do. I am sure you can find a few people 18+ who don't know. Speaking purely in generalities if they are not sheltered and or have any kind of social life and have access to the news, most types of entertainment and or the internet if they don't know then they may have some type of mental deficiency. 
With that said I am not suggesting they engage in anything, some do some don't. Just that I am sure the majority have some idea and or know about it.
@_date: 2013-11-07 10:24:16
Everything has a bubble of sorts, and this really isn't a bubble, the last one was more of a bubble than this. Right now China is getting on board in a big way and that is driving up the price. If China starts to sell off in a big way then yea the price will crash back down, but I honestly don't think it will get below 150 again for quite some time, maybe 200 after things level out again. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 06:15:40
First of all, bitcoin or any other altcoin will not "kill" fiat currency. If you know anything about economics you should know that a growing population needs inflation. Yes too much is bad, but deflation is worse. Bitcoin is deflationary, as such it provides a poor alternative for a main unit of account. Sure governments can recognize it as a unit of account, but their operations will not switch from the currency they use to bitcoin. Since this is not going to happen, the fiat currency will remain in place. 
I view bitcoin as an addition to, not a replacement of. The only things it can realistically replace are payment methods like paypal and square. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 05:45:51
I agree with the sentiment, but some of the specifics not so much. Even though competing currencies are better than a single currency saying that when one country bites the dust so to speak it will not have an effect on others is just not accurate at all. They money overall is not the primary driver here I believe it would be how closely do they rely on one another. If Country A is heavily invested in and does a lot of trade with Country B, then Country B collapses, it can do major damage to Country A's economy. It gets more complicated but when you add in more and more and how dependent the world economy is one country can potentially impact countries it has 0 relations with but they have relations with countries that do have relations with that country. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 21:22:16
If you know how bitcoin works you should understand that you can't really "counterfeit" it, so even if you tried to add 1 billion dollars to bitcoin it wouldn't work. There are ways you can increase your odds of it working like buying a shitload of hardware and or designing specialty hardware to do it with... The sooner the cheaper. counterfeiting money on the other hand people have had access to the technology for a while so it would be less difficult and easier to do--by comparison. 
Printing a billion dollars could be a one shot deal. Buying something through a double-spend kind of deal you would have to make a shit load of double-spends while having at least a decent amount of bitcoins to begin with. Again the comparison is by far not "correct". The mechanisms for dumping that kind of money into the systems are by far not equal. 
@_date: 2013-11-20 10:06:22
It depends on how you connect to the printer. If it's through USB, that provides entry when you enable them. Again though if you disable right after use and logout of the system you should be fine, just as you would disabling the Ethernet port. 
With that said personally I think what you are doing is overkill. I could see it if you have a lot of people around you that could have physical access of the machine, and the more tech oriented they are, the greater the risk. If only you will ever be touching it, the only thing that is really a risk is having it connected to the internet. You could still have it connected to an internal network, just restrict the system to a publicesque type of setup and limit interaction on the network with computers who are high risk. 
I don't know your personal situation or who all is around you so I can't say for 100% certainty that it is overkill. It reminds me of talking to this guy on yahoo a long time ago, back when yahoo chat was somewhere you could actually chat. He told me he bought a $700 government firewall, wouldn't tell me the name of it. He did it in order not to be "hacked". I asked a few questions and the general information I got from him was that he did not keep anything personal on the system, didn't have any other computers in a network setting, and he didn't purchase anything with the computer and or have anything sensitive on it like credit card information. So he was protecting something that had 0 value to an intruder on the system. However in purchasing the firewall--if he did, he actually made himself a target. Granted an empty target but still a target. A lot of hackers hack because they can, and or because they like a challenge. If you have ever tried picking a lock that didn't open anything or doing it just for fun, it's the same type of premise. 
@_date: 2013-03-28 06:33:12
Here's hoping, but it will take a while to get to that point and I see it crashing a few times before it gets to that amount. I am not sure what the max price will be but 100k to 1 mil seems doable; just not any time soon. Best case scenario I see it being at 100k in 5 years time. 1 mil maybe in 10 years time. 
I am waiting for it to crash before I buy any. All I have right now is the amount that I have mined. If it gets to 10 or less I'll buy, otherwise I will just keep mining. Maybe it will get that low at some point in the future and I'll buy, if it doesn't I wont. 
@_date: 2013-03-22 00:40:52
I think the point the op was making is if at some point we only have a few major miners and all of them set it so a fee is required and it gets quite high then what is to stop it? The issue that most seem to have not covered is that of what it would do to the market. If no fee included never or rarely gets accepted then the bitcoin price will likely fall, so those mining would have an incentive to keep the fee to a degree of reason. If by some chance that the fee’s go over that of other services then it will make those other services viable again. 
@_date: 2013-03-26 09:24:30
I am pretty sure that's where the GPU miners will go when the ASIC's hit full force. Right now I am still on bitcoin, but my gear should theoretically get up to around 900/950khash which would put me at .09BTC or so a day. Right now mining BTC at 800mhash I am making around .06BTC per day. 
@_date: 2013-03-29 11:38:58
Maybe they were thinking sell now, and drive the price further down, and when it hits a bottom they think then buy back more coins than they had to start with? 
@_date: 2013-10-02 19:06:51
I am not a drug user, so am I happy it's gone? In all honesty, it doesn't really matter in the long run. If the goal is to stop, or hinder drug use, then this is just an ill fated attempt at doing so. I mean the drug war has failed miserably and this will do so as well. The majority of drugs are purchased with USD, so it will just be a bit more anon than less. I do agree that it's all in the narrative, but if not this, it will be something else until they really dig into it and see it for what it is, not what they fancy it to be. 
@_date: 2013-04-15 00:53:53
To be perfectly honest with you, those cards would not get that high of a hashrate. I would be surprised if all of them combined would give you more than 50mhash. I can't even remember all of the graphics cards from that time. I remember voodoo, and matrox, ati and nvidia from that time. I had a voodoo 3 at one point around that time period. If you had top of the line expensive cards from that time period you may get around 50mhash in total. if they were minor or cheap 100 dollar cards then maybe 25 mhash,  and that is if you can find the drivers for your operating system. Oh and that is the best case scenario I can think of you are more than likely going to get less than 1 mhash per card. If you really want to get into mining, and do a little here and there with bitcoin, litecoin and the like I can try and point you in the right direction. The direction you seem to be going in would be paying quite a bit to rig up the cards, and only be able to maybe match your onboard graphics capability of your laptop, that is if your laptop is around 3 to 4 years old or newer. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 08:11:10
You are comparing apples to oranges here, well large apples to small apples/oranges. To get a better comparison you would need to take the total amount of dollars in circulation against a billion dollars, then apply that ratio to bitcoin. If doing so and accurately comparing the two then it would be a lot closer to your view of it not making a difference. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 07:48:49
My guess is something changed or your bank had a lot of activity going on that was suspicious. There is likely a legitimate reason for it, whether you or I like it or not. I have sold some bitcoin through coinbase, but haven't bought any yet. 
@_date: 2013-10-02 19:34:23
It is more like gold--well sort of. You can always mine more gold, and more gold is being added to the market every day, gold is inflationary, but bitcoin is deflationary. There will only ever be so many bitcoins in existence, and that can be reduced over time. Any seizures will just add to the rarity. The more rare, the higher the price if the market remains the same. Bitcoin is a stored value, it can be used of like a currency, but it will never as some say or hope that it will replace currency. I see it more or less as an addition to, rather than replacement of. Value can be held in many things from gold, silver, sports cards, cars, anything. You say other than perception, that's the same thing that drives the USD, and every other actual currency. If one day we all, or most lost faith in the USD, it would crash as well. Gold is prone to crashes, everything is depending on our perception of it. 
The feds go after USD as well as other currencies. Do you have some dollar bills in your possession? By your logic, you should dump that shit asap. Bitcoin is still in its infancy, that doesn't make it any better, or any worse than anything else that holds value. All that matters is how many people ultimately perceive it to be valuable. 
@_date: 2013-11-13 12:14:29
He's basically trying to play you for free money. You put up the entire invent and he mines for you--all  the "tricky" stuff. Any miner out there you wouldn't really need anything special to do it. If any extra cables are needed it would be for the ones that use a pc power supply, which is fairly easy to rig up. So that's like an extra 50 or so depending. For most though it's basically plug it into the wall, and plug a usb cable up to your computer. The tricky part for most is configuring the miner to mine as quickly as possible. Likely trying to boost it a bit, especially if the ambient temps are fairly low. 
Now as for 20% and him being a "friend", you may want to redefine that word for yourself. That's a pretty shitty friend in just about anyone's book. He is trying to make it seem overly complex so as to get you to not do it yourself so he can get free money off of your investment.
@_date: 2013-11-26 05:05:37
I agree, I mean at least they could do is put a little effort into looking into what bitcoin actually is, and pushing a little logical thought toward that goal. If they did however they would have nothing to write about, and nothing to help sell ad space. 
I do believe it is disappointing as well to a degree, but with a lot of the financial sector shit right now, it's to be expected. They are too busy trying to hang on the coat tails of the big financial institutions. Watch CNBC and you can easily tell how big of a hardon they have for dimon 
@_date: 2013-11-22 05:20:55
You seriously need to work on your logical skills. mBTC = 1/1000th, not 1/10th 1000x 0.71 = 710.00. If bitcoin were to get to 100k, which I believe one day it is likely to do so, one mBTC would be worth 100 dollars. 
mBTC = 0.001
and the lowest amount that we can currently have is commonly referred to as a "Satoshi" A Satoshi is equal to 0.00000001. So if in the 100k per bitcoin a Satoshi would be equal to one tenth of one cent. In order for a Satoshi to be worth 1 cent the price per bitcoin would have to be a million dollars each. If it happens to get higher than one million per and we want to for some reason make transactions lower than one cent we would have to adjust it and simply add another 0 or two, which from my understanding wouldn't be all that hard to do. 
@_date: 2013-12-31 17:00:34
This article isn't much better than Krugmans. It suffers from the same logical fallacies as does Krugmans. For instance this article states a way bitocoin could fail as governments killing it. A government can't kill bitcoin. Can it hurt it? Can a government through intense regulation slow down bitcoin adoption? Yes, but kill it? No. The US government can no more "kill" bitcoin, than can North Korea kill the USD. If you believe one, then the other is on the same logical footing. Krugman in his article says things and or links to things that bitcoin was made by a libertarian and something to do with not being able to get tax revenue from it. That also is fallacious. You can always tax the point of sale. If the point of sale is in bitcoins, or USD you can tax it. If the government doesn't accept bitcoin, and the business does not immediately exchange bitcoin to USD then they would have to convert a portion of it to account for the taxes and that would be accounted for very easily. This is not rocket science. Krugman should know this. He also goes on about if the value of gold goes down then you can always make pretty things out of it? If the value goes down, then so will the will to make "pretty" things out of it. The only reason to make pretty things out of gold is due to it's value. As jewelry on it's own with very little value it's not really that good as it wears quicker than other jewelry and is more prone to damage unless mixed with other metals. So the floor for gold is a lot lower than he thinks, but it is not 0. Bitcoins floor is much higher than he thinks as well. Even if you managed to get all speculation out of bitcoin which is not possible, neither would it be for any currency or commodity which bitcoin has characteristics of both. Even then there is a huge value in being able to transfer from one end of the globe to the other with ease. A currency doesn't really need to remain stable for it to succeed, neither does a commodity. A currency/commodity certainly does not. Even if most everyone held their coins, some coins would always remain liquid. Everyones situation is different. Some use it to buy things, others use it to store value, while others use it to simply transfer money from one person to the next without "selling". Say your cousin needs 100 bucks and you both have a wallet, and they can cash out easily at their location, and or purchase what they need. Would you A go to western Union and deal with that fucking hassle send a money order or check? No not when you both have bitcoin. 
The only way a government could "kill" bitcoin in it's country is shut off access to the internet, completely. The only way to kill it overall and or severely damage it is to spend a shit load of money and build enough hardware to take over whelm the network. I am not talking about a 51% attack, but have one entity controlling upwards of 90%. I am also not saying something sustained like that either. They could do that and redo/undo a lot of transactions that way, but it would be more harmful if they just turned it on for 30 to 40 minutes, and turned it off for a few hours, then turn it on and off for seemingly random periods of time. This would not "kill" bitcoin outright but it would harm the confidence people have in it which is it's greatest asset right now. It would also completely fuck up the markets and it would take a long time to recover from it, and that's if the super hashing machines stopped working for a long extended period of time. Some may say the only way to stop something like that would be to block IP's but a government would have the power to use many different IP's and spoof others. So it wouldn't do much to stop it. The only way I see that you could really block it is to find out how their machines work, and design the protocol to not function correctly on their newly built machines, or at least when they run their software it is significantly stunted over other hardware that is available to the public. The only downside is during that transition, if that government is really content, they can work on new hardware, or find ways to adjust existing hardware to do the same thing to the new version. With everyone switching and figuring out the new one, the hashing will be a lot lower and easier to control if you have a decent amount of money to throw toward it. 
@_date: 2013-11-30 18:40:08
Author knows very little about bitcoin, needs to dig in a bit deeper to get a better understanding...
@_date: 2013-12-01 22:06:18
You don't complain when you have nothing to complain about.... I got verified without any hiccups. The only problem with coinbase that I have had is selling some it took a few days longer than the estimated time. Granted before it always did it a few days before so I can't complain too much. I am mainly complaining to myself about selling the bit that I did to begin with :( 
@_date: 2013-10-04 18:29:40
1.	Coinbase – you can buy straight from your banking account, you make a purchase order, they take it from your account, and the opposite is true as well, you sell bitcoins, and they send it to your account. 
2.	Make multiple backups of your wallet. If you had a single e-mail address, or even if you have multiple e-mail addresses. Put it in a zip file, or a rar file with a password and e-mail it to yourself.
3.	You can’t really outlaw bitcoin transactions. The only way for the government to really shut down bitcoin, is a massive repeated physical against the network. 
4.	You download a program/wallet, you generate a key for that wallet to receive and to send bitcoins. If let’s say you used coinbase, and you wanted to buy bitcoins, you would take your wallet address, the receiving address and give it to coinbase, and they would send you the bitcoins, if you wanted to sell bitcoins you would go into coinbase and generate a key through them, and use that key to send coins from your wallet to them. The main thing that you need to have is the wallet.dat file, everything else can be replaced. If for instance you get a new computer, and lose that file, and you had sent it to your e-mail address all you would have to do is re download the wallet program, and switch out that wallet.dat file for the one you backed up. 
5.	That’s on you, It’s not really “shady”, and if your financial advisor says it’s way too risky, then they know nothing about bitcoin. Ideally you don’t want to put more into bitcoin than you are prepared to lose, but your second question it seems as though you are already prepared for that slim possibility. It’s kind of like the stock market, you may not lose every single dime of your money, but it could go down in value. For instance if bitcoins were 100 bucks a piece, and you bought 3, if they went down to 50, you would lose 50% of the value that they hold. Now if you waited a little longer it could go back up to 100, or even higher. You would only really lose 50% of your money if you cashed out at that point. As for the drugs deal, you can reply with opening your wallet and showing them your USD, and saying this is the most used currency in the world to buy drugs, do you want me to get rid of this as well? 
@_date: 2013-10-02 19:53:03
Army or not, it doesn't matter in this context. Bitcoin is not a replacement currency, and if the government, or any government for that matter brought one into effect after dismantling something like bitcoin it wouldn't get adopted unless it was truly a hell of a lot better. 
I agree that bitcoin can be wiped out, and with a nation's resources it could do it in a matter of a few weeks if that, hell a decently sized bank could do it, but not done through laws and a lot of bullshit like that, it would have to be through attacking the source... the miners. Out mining everyone, and taking control of the chain, letting the chain reset, then stopping, then when things get back in line somewhat, taking control again. If they do this over and over it will destabilize it. 
All markets are shady, so that's nonsensical to hold it only against bitcoin. If I wanted to, I could hire a hitman to take your ass out, with bitcoin, with euro, with USD, doesn't mean that we should all pile on bitcoin for being available. 
As for it can collapse at any time, so? So can the USD, easily. So can any other currency, hell if we find a fucking huge diamond mine, or gold mine, and or let's say a diamond asteroid drops from the sky, do you really think the market for those commodities will stay at the same price? We can't have a bitcoin asteroid, or a bitcoin mine opening up a new vein. It's all there is, and all there will ever be. 
And again, as for businesses being associated with it, again and again you can say the same thing with anything else that retains value. Hell the phone lines, and the highways are used for illegal actions on a daily basis, I don't see businesses refusing to use the roads or the telephone to conduct their business. If the market want's to use bitcoins, then so will business use them. I think you lean to the side of supply side economics, if so, sorry to burst your bubble, it's not businesses who determine the market, it's the consumers. The businesses only purpose is to fill the need/wants of the consumer. Without the consumer, they are fucked. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 10:39:11
You don't have to import it, just copy the addresses used and check their status.
@_date: 2013-03-28 10:29:11
Yeah it would have to be pretty bad but it's still possible. I have 17 bitcoins at the moment. So at 100k each if we keep the same amount you will have 2.1 mil, and I'll have 1.7 mil. I am perfectly fine with that. 
@_date: 2013-12-22 02:21:29
It's not really a "calculation" there is a graph showing a general idea of bitcoin creation over time. The graph shows the 2020 figure being a bit below the 18 million total coins mined. 
It's not necessarily that they "agree" to regulate the rate, but agree to the rules put in place before. If someone changes it, most would have to agree on those changes. If they don't then it would fork off for a bit then anything after would be abandoned. 
The miners themselves cannot say hey I want to reduce the difficulty level. But they can do so in a defacto way by turning off their miners. The hashing power of all of the miners dictates the mining power. Think of it like if you had a car and kept upping the horsepower to get it to go faster and faster, but the car somehow kept adding more and more weight and other methods to keep the speed down. In bitcoins case every 2016 blocks the difficulty changes. It tries to keep the average block production at one per every 10 minutes. If the hash rate suddenly increases and it's every 5 minutes, the next difficulty will be a lot higher and it will take something like one every 15 minutes until the average is back down to 1 every 10 minutes. In the car example let's say the car wants to stay at 60mph but you keep adding a ton of hp and get it to 120mph the car will add enough weight to get it down to around 30mph to even the average out to around 60. Or you can look at it in time. With a block being created every 10 minutes x 2016 blocks that will equal to around every 2 weeks that the difficulty should change. If 2016 blocks are created in 1 week, the next difficulty will try to push it out so that the next block will take 3 weeks instead of 2. The miners do not directly control this, no one person or entity can say I want the difficulty at x. If all the miners agreed to a block creation of every 5 minutes that could happen and change the trajectory, but that is unlikely to happen. 
I am by far not an expert on SHA256 but from my understanding you cannot really go "back" with the way bitcoin does this. Think of it like building from the top down. Think of something very tall and you are filling it in from the bottom or if you want to make it easier fill it in from the top, but each calculation has to be I believe larger than the last--it could be smaller my memory is not that great. But assume the next piece of the puzzle so to speak has to be incredibly close to the next one. An over simplification of course but let's say one block is equal to 0.000000000000001 the next block would have to be equal to 0.000000000000002 and then verified to be accepted into the block chain. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:25:45
 There is no "they", the bitcoin protocol caps it at 21M. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 06:12:25
Incredibly outdated information? CPU's were used when first mining bitcoin, then it moved to GPU's now ASIC's. 
@_date: 2013-12-28 11:08:48
Not really an accurate comparison. You are taking a future total of all mined, and applying it to a today value. I don't feel like doing the math right now--I might later. If you put it into the proper context I am sure it would shed more light, or at least more accurate light. 
One major problem with the 52k ton figure is that it is just an estimate, there could be a hell of a lot more than that, and what about some point in the future when we start to mine asteroids? My point is that the figure is unknowable in the future, whereas with bitcoin we know the max it can be, the unknowable with bitcoin, is how much will be lost over time, and how much will remain liquid at any one point in time. 
@_date: 2013-04-05 02:06:09
Not sure why you got downvoted, it is insane odds of someone mistyping. The most likely scenario is that they accidentally found your address and copied it, and pasted it. That or some kind of error with Coinbase. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:26:50
I think China will go back up eventually, as soon as people realize about other ways to trade in the market, maybe back away from BTC China and move onto other exchanges they can access. Add to that India opening up, along with a lot of other areas I personally see it going up. 
With the China news and that price being knocked down quite a bit, coming holiday seasons, I believe people are taking out more than they would have had not been for the China news so they can help pay for gifts and whatnot and once the new year hits it will level out for a while and then start a slow rise up. Maybe peaking around April, but that's my guess. 
Personally if I were rich, I would be slowly buying up random amounts between now and the middle of January. 
@_date: 2013-04-05 01:55:09
Cayman is your graphics card, by that AMD codename, I can tell that you have an AMD Radeon HD 6900 series, likely a 6950 or 6970. In my main machine right now I have a 6850, and a 7950 running. The 6850 shows up as "Barts". and the 7950 shows up as "Tahiti".
@_date: 2013-12-11 10:16:51
LMAO asked to write about "science fiction", then get upset about the "fiction" part... Holy shit. I agree with you though. 
@_date: 2013-12-30 13:19:20
This article lacks logic. It assumes someone sets the price at specified amounts, and that adoption would be as high as bitcoin. I am not saying at some point other alt coins won’t come in and be accepted as well, and or something better than bitcoin comes along. That could very well happen, but they will face a similar hurdle that bitcoin has, as such bitcoin has first mover status. The article also doesn’t recognize that bitcoin, or altcoins are nowhere near peak adoption/penetration. There are so many holes in his thinking that it is not even funny. I think they need to go back to the drawing board, and read a lot more on bitcoin and altcoins. Either they are ignorant to bitcoin and altcoins, or they are trying to provoke people to sell so they can get in at a lower price, or have some other ulterior motive. 
@_date: 2013-11-17 08:52:55
I thought it was 10k per transaction? Anyway if that's true, they could open up several different accounts, and tie them to whatever service they use. If you open 5 accounts, by your figures it would be 1999 a day for 5 days from 5 accounts, so theoretically with 5 accounts with your figures you could withdraw around 49,975 a month without setting off any alarms. 
@_date: 2013-12-11 10:35:38
I have no clue how much you know about mining but from first appearances it appears to be 0. Or at least mining in a pool. When mining in a pool you have multiple names and multiple passwords. The main password can't be an "X", it can be something like 123456 if you wanted depending on the pool and how they set up, but I believe in this case they are talking about the worker password. The only thing someone can do if they know your worker password is mine for you. That's it. Most people use something like abc or 123 as their worker passwords. Just not their main password to the pool. That is not included within the .bat/config file to start the miner. Or however you start it and list the user name and pass. 
With that said the paper could have been better and it glazes over a lot of things and doesn't go into as much detail as it should. One would be left scratching their head if they tried to go by it to actually mine. I don't believe it is worth a 0. Depending on the requirements it could easily be 60-90 possibly 100. Some teachers require you to use sources and if you don't it's a deduction. 
If the only way you would give them a 0 is for the "X", then they should by all means get 100 from you as what you said appears to be lacking in logic. 
@_date: 2013-10-02 19:24:15
A lot of things are illegal, but drugs are just heavily stigmatized. You know all those hid kits on ebay? Most if not all are illegal, but you don't see the cops raiding ebay do you? Go to just about any flea market in the country and if you know the laws then you can easily see a lot of illegal activity going on. Take brass knuckles for instance, they are not technically illegal to sell, but to own, and or not follow certain rules they can be illegal to possess. Some people around here get around that by selling along with it an attachable pin that turns it into a belt buckle. But hey, for the moment, there is not a shit ton of money involved in going after these people. 
The real problem here, is the way the drug war has been sold to different groups of people. For you and me it's to help stop drug users, and or to "clean up our streets", or some other bullshit nonsensical line, but to those in power, it's simply been to line their pockets. From just about every single police station in the country, to the prison industrial complex, municipalities, and even the military. There is some big money in fighting the drug war, and a perpetual war that can never be won, can be very lucrative to certain people. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:04:56
I misread the numbers, the order hadn't gone through, but the balance was reduced, my bad. It's now how it seems it should be. 
**edit** 
Is there a graph showing the purchase/sell price?
@_date: 2013-12-07 05:32:24
Haven't read the entire article yet, but glancing over it and the title.... 
There will never be a single currency. In order to do something like that, the standard of living and cost of living would have to be very close relatively speaking across the globe. In order for sections to grow you need to have inflation. Bitcoin is deflationary and is not a good measure to back a currency. Any economist should be able to say basically the same thing. 
Printing money, or finding new gold deposits doesn't really matter in the grand scheme of things in a modern economy like ours. You also have to account for other nations as well. In order to protect and or maintain certain standards you can't simply give, or allow another country or entity to take control of your means of controlling the monetary supply. A controlled monetary supply can expand or contract as it needs to. Bitcoin can only be. You can have certain actors controlling large portions of it and manipulating the price but you cannot control the supply directly. It would also completely eradicate modern banking. In some areas that would be good but lending would not be possible, or a lot less than now. Right now most modern banking institutions rely on fractional reserve banking and I don't think that kind of system could work with bitcoin. I think you could still have some loans but a growing economy would not be able to use loans effectively. 
I personally believe bitcoin will never take over a major economy as the primary unit of measure. It makes 0 sense to do something like that. The only way I think that it could be done is if one day we find a way to live much, much longer than we currently do and have a stagnate population that are very close in socio-economic standards. Anything less than that and I don't think it would work. 
I believe bitcoin is more or less an addition to rather than a replacement of. Think of bitcoin like paypal, or square, bank cards. Any method of payment that is done electronically but not backed by credit. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:36:15
If it's on the normal trajectory how things were folding out before the China Boom Normal could mean something like 200/250 to anywhere around 700/800. But that all depends on what happens between now and then, and assumes China pulls out all together. It also doesn't take into account that India may be involved deeply between now and then. There are so many variables at play that it's really hard to tell. I don't see it going to 10 dollars any time soon. It's possible, just not likely. There are too many people heavily invested in ASIC's at the moment that a 10 dollar floor would just not seem plausible. 
But hey, that is my speculation that's all we can do. We can say this or say that, and if it comes true it's like we are all knowing or some bullshit, but one lucky guess does not give credence to another guess that hasn't come to fruition yet. 
@_date: 2013-04-29 02:22:44
Just doing some very basic math, let’s say you made a systems with 4x graphics cards, let’s say 7950’s which get roughly 500Mhash/s that system would run around 1,700 or so minimum. 1.5 mil would allow you to make roughly 882 systems each system would be capable of 2GH So roughly 1.764 TH. If you put that system together right now and dumped all of it into a pool which would likely not be advised due to higher profitability if you done it solo. 500Mhash right now gets around .03 or so per day, so .12 per system would give 105.84 bitcoins per day. That would equal out at current prices to roughly 14k per day. If the difficulty stayed exactly the same you are looking at a ROI of 107 days, since it won’t stay the same and depending on the amount of ASIC’s to hit the market between now and a year from now, you are likely looking at 2 to 3 years to get the 1.5 mil back. That is of course if you have a location to store 882 computers, and enough power to power them all, adding those figures into the equation will likely stretch it out to 4 or more years. Also that is of course if the price stays the same, if it jumps up to 600 dollars or so, you could see a ROI a lot sooner. As others have said, gpu’s are not the way to go. I wouldn’t be as harsh as they are though and say you will never see a ROI, but it will not be timely, as in within a year as you were hoping. 
The ASIC route if you put 1.5 mil worth would be quite a bit more profitable short term, but it has an even larger change to destabilize the system and make everyone’s coins worth a hell of a lot less for a few years. If you went the BFL route, 1300 for 60GH/s, roughly speaking that should even out to roughly 3.6 bitcoins per 60GH/s per day, If you had a place to store and power them all, and put all 1.5 mil in ASIC’s that would leave you the ability to purchase roughly 1153 of them. Which means you could potentially make 4150 per day. Now those who are really familiar with bitcoin will say wait a minute, only 3600 per day is minted, that’s true to a large extent but it takes a little while for the difficulty to change. So theoretically they could mint more than 4150 per day for a very short time. The next few days or a while after the amount of bitcoins per day mined would be less than 3600 until it starts to average back out. Current network Thash is about 70 right now, you would add roughly 69 Thash to that Really, really close to being able to pull off a 51% attack if you were so inclined to do so. Seeing as how you came here to talk about it, I also think it’s unlikely that this is not real. Also this was calculated in USD considering the exchange rates and things it could likely be a bit more than 69Thash. Oh and just as  a comparison, the 4150 would be roughly 560k per day so 3 days or so for a ROI, But again the difficulty would shift fairly quickly within a day or so and it would be extended out. If you dumped all the coins, after a few days and considering the huge spike in hashing power it could lead to destabilizing the network by everyone panicking and trying to dump their bitcoins. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:35:14
Yes, but the coin is divisable and more 0's can be added. If there wasn't enough miners could all agree to add more 0's and or we all could agree just to move the decimal place one place to the right which would give a cap of 210M, if that happened and you had 1 bitcoin, you would now have 10. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 17:03:42
In a way I think that may be good, but it could also be very, very bad if they got into it. I am sure they would find a way to fuck something up and set bitcoin back a bit. 
I'd favor credit unions, and smaller local banks getting involved before I would larger institutions. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 00:54:24
Getting into all of them would be tiresome to say the least, and if you don't know about them already and like Ron, you may simply dismiss them and or say it wasn't racist. Just to give you one example "I think we can safely assume that 95 percent of the black males in that city are semi-criminal or entirely criminal." Another would be his stance on property rights, a response to the 1964 civil rights act = "destroyed the principle of private property and private choices." Think of it what you will, that is not necessarily out right in your face wishing you dead type of racisim, but it is certainly conducive to a racist mentality. 
Just a little background on me. I grew up southern baptist around tons of racists and homophobes, still around quite a few--too many now. At one point before I learned to think for myself I too was a racist and had that mentality. 
@_date: 2013-04-29 09:58:52
From what I remember about the game and premise it had a lot of potential, and if someone took it over and was less greedy it could be something very good. But with human nature, and how people who make games these days are I don't see that happening, greed comes before everything, even if it's potential for a lot more success and more revenue in the longrun. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 09:28:44
If a company--centralized made a cryptocurrency it would have no value to anyone but the company itself, and when the other arm of the company in another part of the world tried to cash out or redeem it for fiat, they would be laughed at as no one would be able to buy it due to there being no market for it. It would be at best an IOU type of system with money having to come behind it to back up the transfer of funds, because that new currency they made would have no actual value behind it. Centralized cryptocurrencies cannot work. There could never be any real faith in them as they are controlled by a single corporate entity. A government level crypto coin could work as it would be a stationary coin that would not be easily changed by a single corporation. 
Think of it like this, I am company A, and you are company B. I company A design and implement my very on coin, why would you... company B buy and or trade my coin at all? If you bought up 10 million of my coins, I could on a whim simply double all available coins, which would essentially cut the value you put into them in half. Or I could buy those coins back from you and lower the amount of coins available making you lose money in the process. If you didn't play ball, I could simply delete any mention of you having the coins in the first place. 
With that said, the government cryptocurrency would not take off--I don't think. A cryptocurrency is not "anonymous" by any means, it can be made to be more anonymous but the more so you make it the less verifiable it is. With a government having control over what would be equal to the bitcoin blockchain, it would be able to very easily put a name to an address and be able to track your financial history very closely.  With bitcoin this is not impossible, but it is fairly difficult to do. Cash is a lot more anonymous than bitcoin could ever hope to be. So long as there is that option the government backed cryptocurrency would be limited. 
@_date: 2013-12-30 08:17:43
I do not think you know what "fiat" means. Fiat in a money sense means something that is backed by a government. When the dollar was on the gold standard it was still "fiat". Fiat doesn't mean something that has no intrinsic value. Also it appears your definition of intrinsic is off as well. There is really no such thing as anything with "intrinsic" value. Things are only "backed" by whatever value we deem them to have. If tomorrow something very common was highly sought after then it's value would increase. 
The USD is worth what it is worth due to a number of things. The value we all place on it, along with market constraints. The USD's value is adjusted over time so that it inflates so that it can support an growing economy. So... Bitcoin != fiat. Not in the least. 
@_date: 2013-03-06 20:39:02
The key thing I think they do not understand is that those who are in the market and keeping/hording the bitcoins would rather hold onto the ones they have, and if the market crashes buy a shit ton of them with other money, then when it goes back up, the climb up will reap even more rewards. I for one will be  buying if it crashes below a dollar or so. 
They also need to understand that just because it crashes does not mean it will not go back up again. Markets run in cycles, and markets with high volatility like this one routinely run a boom/bust cycle. Each boom/bust typically being a lot more than the previous. If this boom gets up to 60-100 then busts it will go down to a dollar or so or possibly a few cents, but eventually it will climb back up again and will likely be a few hundred before it busts. It's not like an investment that steadily stays at a constant rate and  you can cash out at any time and it be optimal. The trick is to cash out at the top then buy heavily when it hits the bottom. I don't plan to sell any, any time soon; with my luck I sell at 75 and it goes to 150 and never busts.
@_date: 2013-11-14 08:28:44
I see where you are coming from but you are thinking low level. You need to think about it in a larger context. If they did think it was a problem, you would have to look at it as what are they losing. Their profits mining bitcoin would have to be consistently higher than their profits with their normal business model,  if it is not then it's incentive for bitcoin to no longer be. I am sure along the line they would make money  from destroying it, if they did try to do so. 
As for people talking about moving onto another coin, the same types of hardware would still likely be able to do such a thing, so all they would have to do is change the software a bit and it's game on again. Or if it's drastically different and it needs a similar run up as bitcoin did, then they could start developing sooner and when and or if it ever did take off and threaten their business model again they could do it again. 
But again that assumes that they see it as a threat. The only entities that could really have the power to destroy bitcoin at this point in time would be a coalition of big banks and or a large government or two. Seeing as bitcoin is not a threat to either it's unlikely that they will. 
@_date: 2013-11-08 07:05:22
With a graphics card right now the returns are so small that your electricity costs alone would eat into it. Your best bet is to invest in an ASIC and hope you get it relatively quickly. As for the GH/s it's the most that you can afford or want to push into it. Anything less than 5GH/s at this point is not going to be worthwhile, and that is quickly coming up to pass. If you want something for a few months to a year from now, you may want to look into 30GH+.
@_date: 2013-10-02 19:16:16
Ebay = saint? There are many things that are illegal, and on ebay you can find quite a bit of it, just not drugs, as far as I know. 
The real point here, is that people will continue to buy and sell drugs, and do so in the medium that best suits them. With this gone, they will just go through another medium. Be it on the street, or elsewhere--likely through another site like this popping up, but with better security. 
If you measure the drug war by what the populace thinks it was about; to stop drug users, and or lessen the amount of users, then it has failed miserably. However if you measure it by what those in power really want to do with it; that is to line peoples pockets, then it has been a huge success. 
@_date: 2013-12-28 23:37:49
From my understanding BTC China can now accept fiat through a third party, I can't remember who right now but it appears their volume is slowly going back up. 
@_date: 2013-12-30 13:23:22
I think the other person has it fairly close, but from my understanding--I could be wrong, is that If I complete a transaction for instance I send 0.1 bitcoin to x address that it is sent out to the network. The closest miner that is set to accept that transaction verifies it, then the next one after that and so on, until you get x amount of confirmations. 
@_date: 2013-12-01 22:03:26
I am not sure if you could get the amount of money through crowd-sourcing to take on this huge of a task if so more power to you. 
The reason coin-base is slow is primarily due to the risks they take. Granted they could be a bit faster -- I think but not 100% sure. They are a business and any business is in business to make money. If you have too much risk then you need to make sure the most of the risk is in your favor. Or alter variables to make it in your favor. Time is one of those variables. 
My point is that maybe they are going as fast as they can while remaining profitable. If this is true then you guaranteeing a faster service and or "instant" could lead to not being as profitable. 
Also what do you mean by Instant exchange? Like I sell bitcoins through you and get them instantly in my bank account? If so I am not sure that is possible. 
Easier buying may be possible but as other people have mentioned charge backs will alter your strategy if you want to remain profitable. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 01:01:50
Ok so you have to pay for a full gh/s?
**edit ahh I see now you can buy percentages of a gh
@_date: 2013-11-18 23:35:01
Power is never "free", just free for you. You can use a calculator like  but most people don't like that one due to it's not as accurate as some others with the increase in difficulty. But let's say you pay 15 bucks for an errupter, with 0 power costs. It would by that calculators estimate take 103 days to break even, and a year to come out to around 30 dollars. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 00:44:52
How much are the packs? I have visited the site a few times and trying to make heads or tails of how they do things is not the easiest of tasks. 
@_date: 2013-12-04 20:30:58
The blockchain is a ledger. I am sure it would be fairly easy to code some software that could easily check the blockchain and when said coins were last moved. If you got bitcoins at X date let's say 2 years ago at x amount, and then made a purchase today you could see the difference. Using a "mixing" service should be able to be seen fairly easily if you understand the process they use to "mix". If so and it's shown that you used a mixing service to be charged a flat higher than normal rate. 
I am not saying or suggesting that they do this, or that I want them to, but that it's not really that hard to fathom how it could be done. If nothing else simply taxing it like anything else. If your state has a certain percentage sales tax or tax structure, and you purchase something they tax that at the point of sale. 
@_date: 2013-11-17 09:07:33
For those that can't read it, maybe this will help... All of the following is taken directly from the site, I make no claims that it's my view -- far from it, or my words. 
Will Bitcoin crash in the coming days ?
By resman | November 16, 2013
0 Comment
The have been a lot of attempts to sanitize bitcoin i.e. making it non anonymous. How much added value does anonymity bring to bitcoin ? We will know very soon, if Bitcoin does crash in the coming days we will all have our answer.
If all Bitcoin transactions where legitimate, does making Bitcoin non-anonymous detract from it’s value? Would a Bitcoin crash follow legislation to limit the anonymity of Bitcoins ?
What will be the trigger of the bitcoin crash ?
Bloomberg Reports :
The U.S. Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs will meet on Nov. 18 “to explore potential promises and risks related to virtual currency for the federal government and society at large,” it said in a statement today.
There has been this chat doing the rounds on the internet :  . Who knows if it’s true ?
Are people buying Bitcoin in order to have a safer FIAT currency than the US dollar or the Euro or are they doing it to fund illegal activities ? Probably both, there are genuine Bitcoin fans, investors and drug dealers using the currency. Bitcoin, can help resilience cause it can offer shelter to your money during a banking crisis such as the one in Cyprus.
However, since the trend in Europe is to start QE and to tax the richer more and more. It is not surprising that the Governments will try to remove as many shelters as possible. In order to have complete control on assets.
Ambrose Evans-pritchard reports :
The doves are seizing control of the European Central Bank. They are already laying the ground work for a blitz of Anglo-Saxon QE, whatever the Germans, Dutch, Austrians, and Finns (?) have to say about such wicked Latin conduct.
ECB has been positioning itself in order to start a US style QE. Which means, kicking the can down the road further, for the man in the street this means that the systems he depends upon are getting weaker. Governments will be allowed to borrow more, borrowing means that future government expenditures have to come down. That means social security, pensions and public services will be cut and taxes will increase. A shadow money transfer system such as Bitcoin will provide a way to escape from the system and the state will not have this, it is a threat to it’s survival. The state does not earn money when people retire. In addition to increasing taxes, early retirement is deterred and the continuous propaganda to make women part of the work force are echoed by Governments all around the world. This so they increase their tax base and not for the sake of equal right. But I degress.
Telegraph Reports :
The latest estate agency figures have shown large numbers of France’s most well-heeled families selling up and moving to neighbouring countries.
Many are fleeing a proposed new higher tax rate of 75 per cent on all earnings over one million euros. (£780,000)
The previous top tax bracket of 41 per cent on earnings over 72,000 euros is also set to increase to 45 per cent.
My humble prediction on the Bitcoin crash :
As of writing this article on the 16th November Bitcoin is valued at 325 Euros and 467 USD. I think that there will be a correction on the low side of -15% and on the high side of -40% if the US Senate committee proposals make Bitcoin less anonymous. If exchanges are shutdown or frozen the price drop could be much higher.
Bitcoins and Resilience :
Bitcoins, when stable and accepted by both the people and States are an excellent tool for resilience. If your area suffers a setback and your house is destroyed and the banks are closed you can move to a safer area and use your Bitcoins to survive or restart. Wouldn’t that be easy! Bitcoins are also one FIAT currency which will deflate in the future rather than deflate. For the holders of Bitcoins this means that the value of their Bitcoin holdings will increase when compared to the prices of “human need items”. Of course this is on condition that Bitcoin does not crash, one clear Bitcoin challenge is price stability.
More on Bitcoins  : ZeroHedge on Bitcoins
 
 
Be Sociable, Share!
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:28:01
If you ever used a wallet, then search everything you have for a wallet.dat file. If you used an exchange try to remember what e-mail addresses you had at that time, and what exchanges you used. That way if you can't remember a password used, then you can have it reset--hopefully. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 05:30:54
I think they are under the idiotic impression that you have to purchase in whole amounts like 1.000 rather than something like 0.001.
@_date: 2013-11-14 02:07:07
There is so much wrong with your views on this it’s…. yeah. 


Do some people fit that bill? Yes, but most people who horde gold and or “invest” in gold, is not because it is something that they desire, but something that is… less inflationary than the main source of currency, that being the USD. It is generally a better store of value. It is good as a store of value, but not as a means for currency. A growing economy needs inflation. 


Again do some people do this? Yes, some people invest in their home, but most “investment” in the housing market is not to put a roof over one’s head, it’s to gain a return, quite a bit of which they don’t even use as a residence at all, either they lease or rent the properties to someone else, or hold onto them to sell at a profit. 


As I believe someone here already pointed out, that’s value enough. That’s the exact premise behind currency as it stands. I am not suggesting that bitcoin will take over the USD’s role, that will never happen. But the ability for me to put money into bitcoin, then transfer that wealth to someone else for a low fee, and or use it as a store of value, gives it value. 
Now as for bitcoin is similar to a fiat currency, what the fuck are you smoking. The reason bitcoin is akin to gold is due to bitcoin being strictly deflationary. Gold is deflationary when compared to most fiat currencies, that’s why it is not a good standard to use for a growing economy. However it is more inflationary than bitcoin due to we have not mined every single ounce of gold on our planet, and by then we will likely have moved to space mining asteroids which will further add to the inflation. Bitcoin on the other hand will only ever have 21 million coins or so. That fact alone makes it less inflationary than gold, but when you add in the ability to lose coins, where they are essentially lost for good, unless you somehow find them, makes it deflationary. 


Ok you just completely contradicted logic there. Generally speaking for most in order to “spend” something the price per would have to be relatively stable, or lightly fall from time to time, but this does not hold true for everyone. You are trying to pigeon hole an entire planet of people into one way of thinking, sorry it just does not work that way. 
Now as for businesses converting bitcoin, again you are trying to pigeon hole, but this one instance I can see why you would generally think that as that is what generally happens, why? Because the business is selling something, or providing a service, a service of which they need cash for their bottom line. If they have room to “invest”, then keeping money in bitcoin could be a choice they could use as well. 
Now as for the last paragraph, holy shit… Bitcoin has a trail, everyone can see that trail—if they looked for it. You can use certain services to make it harder to track but it’s still more traceable than USD, and other currencies that are in hand. Now as for dirty money being worthless? Technically speaking every single dollar in your wallet was “dirty” at some point or another unless you took it directly from the printers. 
Seriously though, you need to get a grip—that is if what you are saying is what you actually believe. I sincerely hope you do not. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 07:59:02
Not getting frustrated at all. Satoshi in no way represents a penny, nether does mBTC. Something you should easily be able to see by just glancing over how it's structured. 
@_date: 2013-11-17 09:02:17
I could "read" it, but gave up a little after it suggesting bitcoin is anonymous, and or legislation to make it not be anonymous, the lack of understanding of what bitcoin is just makes the whole premise lacking. 
@_date: 2013-12-26 23:43:27
Personally I would prefer and or think it would be better to have a checkbox that says to allow fading over time if checked, if not checked it wouldn't. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 18:12:05
I am not arguing that MtGox is properly engineered and implemented. But at this stage most sites like them, or those that will popup, will use a very similar setup. To get to a "google" or "forex" level you need quite a bit of dough to keep and maintain. I am not sure how much MtGox is bringing in right now, but it's safe to say it's not that high to maintain that level. I can see them becoming more and more robust if their code allows for scalability. Like adding a few more servers for redundancy. More people getting into the market will increase the amount of money they bring in, and either they can pocket that money or use it to upgrade their servers, and add more servers. If they pocket it, and another service comes online that is far superior to that of MtGox then their site's users will start to dwindle. If a site like forex.com starts to accept the bitcoin market then that will bring quite a bit of stability in the realm of being able to withstand DDOS. At least more so than now. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:37:47
It depends... If it comes to a point where very little is circulating it could dramatically increase the price due to scarcity. However we are no where near reaching the peak in years or total mined.
@_date: 2013-12-07 02:37:32
That's about to get heated up no clue how long but I read something a day or so about an exchange might be opening up in India. 
@_date: 2013-07-04 22:43:37
I am not sure how linux works with bitcoin, but I believe they still use wallet.dat. If so login to the machine look for the wallet.dat file, export it to a windows machine. Download a wallet install it and get it setup. Then after backing up the old wallet.dat file replace the new wallet.dat file with a backup copy of the old one, and restart the wallet program. If you use a full wallet it will take a while to download the block chain, but eventually it should show all of the transactions. Since it appears yours is fairly old they should show up sooner I would imagine. 
@_date: 2013-05-13 07:41:44
Look into [RES]( It will allow you to do quite a few things like see the totals of up and down votes on most things unless the subreddit disables it. It will also allow you to filter out certain subreddits when looking at all. There are many more features I wont get into. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 13:13:10
The problem is... Who sets the value, and who controls the mechanisms that control that value. If Company A does, then it would naturally make Company B distrust it. You would have to at minimum have Company C that controls it and has no vested interest in the value of it going up or down, and not using it for their own purposes, which would be hard to do in this type of environment. The only other way other than decentralization is on a government level. The main drawbacks to that is the government knowing easily and quickly every transaction you make, and possible laws changing it's structure, quantity and availability that could favor one sector over another. If that happens, then it would go toward destabilizing it for everyone, but those who benefit the most from it would still likely use it unless they are pushed out due to an uneven playing field. Seeing the preponderance of lobbyists in government right now, that is not a far fetched idea that it could happen. So we are left with the default best idea--decentralization. Something that is relatively hard for one person or one entity to control and or mandate changes that favor one entity over another. 
Just to put it in a real scenario. Take 2 competing companies like Newegg and Amazon. If Newegg came up with it's own currency that it controls, do you think that Amazon would accept it willingly and value it, the same that Newegg does? It puts all the power in the hands of Newegg, and strips power away from Amazon. Something like a currency needs to be handled by a large non corporate central authority, or by a much larger decentralized type of deal we have now. I have seen nothing that would suggest a corporation would even reasonably be able to do such a thing with any credibility that would be market wide. Within their own company structure sure. Like you buy x amount of company bucks for x amount of fiat, that you can then use only with that company and or its subsidiaries sure that can work, but using company A bucks at company B, no way in hell. 
@_date: 2013-03-26 09:15:46
I am mining with bitminter mainly right now, 3 graphics cards going, a 7950, 6850, and 560ti, they are not overclocked that high. Before it dropped down today or so I was getting .07 BTC a day or so, now it's in the .05 to .06 range. My total hashing power right now is roughly 800mhash. I am going to check out the pool you mentioned to see what it's like. 
As for finding blocks, I found one through bitminter. 
As for those others making 0.005 a day, that doesn't sound right. You may have had it setup wrong and was getting a huge error/miscalculation rate. 
@_date: 2013-10-02 18:54:13
Same, but it would be nice to have a few more... Just imagine if the people who broke this story, and or some of the first to find out, they could have easily dumped at the high, let it get down about 40+ or so and buy back, and still plan on keeping them long term. 
@_date: 2013-12-26 23:26:25
Just about any reply to this will be purely speculative. My personal non-expert opinion would be a culmination of factors. Some BTC China good news, along with a certain date that just passed, that had a lot of people spending, rather than saving/speculating. 
I hope that the price will get back to north of 1k each but that is my hope. My conservitive guess is that it will be at around 1.1k each around April with a few dips between now and then. Depending on how India goes and if there is any regulation allowing legitimate bitcoin exchanges there it could easily push bitcoin north of 2k if not higher. I think bitcoin offers India a lot. From reading a few things a while back people in India give gold as gifts for Marriage. Mainly the wife if memory serves, this way if something happens within the new household they could sell the gold, or if they are left husband-less and or for some reason the marriage dissolves the wife will have something to fall back on. Bitcoin could easily fit in as either an addition to or replacement of for those that are computer literate and know of it. I don't think it would completely replace gold in that aspect any time soon but over time it's a definite possibility as bitcoin offers better fungibility than gold does. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 04:57:44
Point of sale... If you own a business you are required to keep records of all transactions. How can you tell when something is purchased with cash from a business? If you are talking about buying a bitcoin for 1 dollar and then buying something now with it for 1000, then theoretically you could look at the blockchain and go back and see when that coin came into that wallet. It's not 100%, but over time it could get fairly close. Bitcoin is not anonymous as most people believe it to be. Every transaction is recorded in the blockchain. It may not be absolutely evident to every single person looking at it, but with software and other information going into it you can begin to put names to addresses, where that bitcoin came from etc. Sure you can use mixing services and use a new address for each transaction but that only gets you so far. If you choose to do that then at the point of sale you can mandate a higher sales tax rate. It's not rocket science. 
@_date: 2013-12-29 03:51:59
I agree that we need bit banks, but I reject a few of your points. The "physical" aspect of being able to "hold" a coin? That doesn't make any logical sense. People use debit and credit cards daily. A bit bank could use this type of card and just debit your account when you purchase something. 
Most if not all economists see a main unit of account being bad if it is not able to be inflated. This reasoning is due to growth, when the population grows the main unit of account needs to be able to expand with the population. With a growing populace inflation to some degree = good. Inflation to a decreasing populace = bad. The reason this does not matter to bitcoin is that it is not a main unit of account. It will never take over the USD or any major currency for any reasonably sized country. A smaller country sure, but a larger country, it's just not feasible. It would be about even with going back to the gold standard and that is not good either. 
Now as for bitcoins being able to be within a fractional reserve system? That's just not really possible with the decentralized nature of it. With gold from memory they were able to do that by controlling a lot of the gold and issuing notes. These notes represented x amount of gold, and when they wanted to inflate it, they simply raised the amount of fractions. Just to give an example, let's say they based 100 dollars on 1/10th an ounce of gold. That would give an ounce of gold a valuation of 1000 dollars. If they wanted to inflate the currency they could make 100 dollars based off of 1/12th an ounce of gold, that would make all 100 dollar notes previously issued now worth roughly 83.33 dollars. This is possible again due to being able to control what each are worth, and the production of the fiat itself, and again since bitcoin is decentralized this way it is not possible. 
For a bit bank to work it would have to have an infrastructure in such a way that they basically hold bitcoin. Here is how I see it working. A bank has a wallet for each person. If I send the bank 1 bitcoin, the bank puts it in the wallet tied to my account. My account could have let's say 500 dollars, and 1 bitcoin. Let's say bitcoins value is up so instead of spending the 500 dollars, I choose to use some of that bitcoin, let's for simplicities sake say bitcoin is worth 1000 each. I take my bank card and swipe it. An option ops up like "credit", or "debit". After you choose one and if there are bitcoin tied to your account it can say "cash", and "bitcoin". If you choose cash it will withdraw from the balance of 500. If you withdraw from bitcoin it will withdraw from the balance of the 1 bitcoin. The bank can then either buy the bitcoin from you, or rather a fraction of the bitcoin depending on the purchase price or it can sell it amongst other banks and or the open market, preferably which ever value is higher. The bank takes its fee, and you get the purchase paid for via bitcoin holdings from a bank. 
Hopefully in such a scenario the fees are lower than they are now. If a banking solution is to work there will almost undoubtedly have some type of fees involved. The only way I see around this or at least the lowest fees possible is by having the bank be a non-profit where everyone involved with the bank gets paid a reasonable salary and not an extraordinary one. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 09:48:36
Mining is not something that can be evaluated that way. You can't say that it would be unprofitable by x date because it just does not work that way. Some people will mine regardless while others are doing it for a profit. If it becomes "unprofitable" to mine, they will cease to mine, which lowers the difficulty, and what does that do? It now makes it.... "profitable" to mine again for those getting in right when it is. Those who already have the infrastructure to mine they will simply turn on the machines when it's profitable, and off when it's not. This also does not take into account the value of bitcoin, and whether or not they plan to sell the second they are mined, or hold onto for a while. You also have to factor in new emerging technologies. First bitcoin was mined exclusively by CPU's, then some GPU's came into the mix, then ASIC's started coming online and even before then CPU's were very close to being non-existent. Now GPU's are becoming less and less of the mining scene with ASIC's taking it over. It stands to reason that more powerful ASIC's will continue coming out, and likely something taking ASIC's over. Likely a machine/computer that can do more than mine Bitcoin alone. 
My point is that there are so many major variables at play that will always find some type of equilibrium. If mining becomes unprofitable then less will mine until it becomes profitable, new ASIC's coming online, more powerful ones being developed will mix things up as well as lowering power requirements--doesn't matter as much as you might think. Say a miner now that does 50GH/s needs 500W to operate if everyone used those, but then a new one came out that was 500GH/s that used 500W to operate, as soon as everyone switched to that, the power used would be the same....
Not to mention external factors like others have mentioned--power generation. If you use solar, wind, hydro power for the mining then it wouldn't have as large of an impact on the environment... The initial costs to produce said power generation, upkeep etc, but not by generating said power. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:49:51
It's complicated for me to explain the entire process. To attempt to maybe not in a way that you want? Basically a computer has software, that tells the hardware what to do. In the early days you mined with CPU's, then GPU's now ASIC's. You can solo mine, or mine in a pool. Mining in a pool is beneficial as it spreads the risk of not finding a block around. Each block used to be worth 50 bitcoins, now that has halved to 25, and will halve again, and again and again, not 100% sure of the time frame right this second but if my memory is correct it will put us near the 21M mark in around 150 years or so from now.
@_date: 2013-10-02 18:59:41
It's not "gone", it's "moved", sure not all of it, but quite a bit of it. It's not like users have all of their bitcoins in this guys hands. They put some in, then buy whatever they want, and that's it. All this does is stop new transactions from taking place. The bitcoins this guy had in his possession are likely now in a governments hands, which they will either destroy, or cash in. If they destroy them, and or are unable to cash them in, that will make bitcoin even more rare, and ultimately increase the price later on. 
@_date: 2013-04-25 04:18:03
Or, you could download truecrypt, create a small volume and password protect it, use keyfiles what have you... If used properly meaning unmount when you do not need it, aes-twofish-serpent It would take a mighty machine to crack. Easier to install, easier to deal with, and you don't have to learn how to use linux. Linux for most people is a fairly steep learning curve and unless they are already familiar with it, they can make quite a few mistakes along the way, trusting money within a system you are not versed in is not a solid plan. The easiest quickest and actually a bit more secure if you do it right will be trucrypt. I suggest messing around with it, with files that are not that important first, and getting a feel for it. Once you do then store backups in the volume, and when you are more than comfortable with it, store more important things in it. Suggesting people do this willy nilly seems more of an attempt to get people to lose their bitcoins so that less will be available later on. 
@_date: 2013-11-06 23:41:49
If you started say, 2 years or so earlier, with a decent graphics card as an investment you would be there, well at least buying a bit as well as holding all that you mined. 
As for right now, you would have to have a significant investment upfront, just a ballpark figure of around 300-500k or so, then get in touch with quite a few ASIC manufacturers, and try to get first dibs on the latest equipment, then depending on how quickly other's come online you may be able to get a ROI + 1 mil or so within anywhere near 3 months to 1 year. These are arbitrary numbers of course, you would have to do the math of what is available and what might be available, how much storage space you will need, the power costs network costs, etc. I am fairly certain if I had 500k to invest I could easily make that back and 1 mil + within a year. Granted the price of bitcoin stays the same and or increases that is. If some how it crashes, that money is down the drain. 
@_date: 2013-11-08 07:00:13
It says per year, if the difficulty somehow managed to stay the same and their figures are correct during that year 10 bucks would accumulate 1.387 BTC. Considering that figure is going to keep dropping, I would estimate it in the .1 to maybe .4 range. 
I like how they are using 2 figures, one a retail figure and one for a pre-order. 10 for pre-order, and 45 retail. If they do this and it's legitimate, that 45 figure is going to kill them, it's not worth it. 10 is about the upper limit per GH.
@_date: 2013-12-18 22:55:45
I honestly don't think it will go down that far, I believe it's possible there may be a dip to that level but end up leveling back out at a higher figure, then around April have another run up.
@_date: 2013-11-21 22:31:36
Right now mining is profitable for a lot of people who are already established. For those just getting into it, the ROI is much further out so it's not advantageous to get into mining right now unless you can get a good deal on an ASIC and get it quickly. 
With that said, when it becomes a loss for some people to mine, they will stop short of that and or sell their gear. Or simply turn it off for a while. Doing this will ultimatly lower the difficulty and when it becomes profitable again they will turn them on again. There will likely always be a few people mining throughout even at a loss. It's just those right now looking to profit from it, and or seeing it as a business and selling the coins the second they get them they are the ones likely to sell their gear and or turn the machines off when it becomes a net loss for them. 
@_date: 2013-05-06 05:24:03
You and the OP seem not to understand how a motivated entity could undertake such a task. Seriously do the math with all computers and GPU's and or ASIC's, how much money would it take to replicate the hashrate? Last I checked the total hash rate was around 74Thash. Now the government or another entity could buy ASIC's or they could manufacturer their own, and or have them built for them. If they bought pre-made units it would cost roughly 2 million dollars. To a government, or any bank for that mater 2 million is pocket change. To manufacture the ASIC's it would take a bit more, and a little less if they contracted it out. Instead of turning on each at the moment they get them, set them up, don't turn them on until all are ready, and bam the total Thash rate could jump from 74 to 160 Thash in a span of a few minutes. With more and more units coming online the cost for an entity will get to be a bit more and a bit more here on out, but seriously don't think for a moment that a motivated entity couldn't pull that off. Hell if someone gave me 10 mil I could build the hardware part of it, the coding; taking over the chain maliciously that would have to be done by someone else. 
My point is, even though it's fairly large, and distributed, it doesn't mean that it's the "largest", or most powerful. Think of the computational power the NSA has to deal with, with going through just about if not every communication they have access to. I mean for fucks sake look at the server farm they are building in Utah, 2 billion dollars with an annual power bill of 40 mil. Right this second I am sure they have at least one CrayXC30 which is scalable to 100+ PetaFlops, if not more, or something more powerful. Granted this is not the designed purpose of it and would have to have the code changed to do it. But it's still possible. That would likely be a bit more expensive than simply building purpose built systems to do the task, which again is roughly 2 million or so. In another year it may be less or more depending. At this rate I would say 5 mil or so. With enough money and a motivated entity it's not even a question of if it can be done, but a matter of how much is it going to cost, and how long it will take. 
The bitcoin network right now is roughly 942 PetaFlops, not Terraflops. 
@_date: 2013-12-02 19:58:05
I am not sure about other countries but I believe they would have something similar. In the US it is refereed to as [Fractional Reserve Banking]( The basic principle of fractional reserve banking is that you have to have some in reserve. If you have no deposits, you can't loan out any money. The more deposits you get, the more loans you can make. If you go to the link it shows how it's done a bit crudely though. Conversely once the loan is repaid, the money supply shrinks by said amount. Higher private debt = larger money supply. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:33:02
The April crash was due to gox not being able to handle the traffic, they have since updated and new exchanges coming online so we have quite a bit more headroom now before something like that happens. You may want to read the China news, and the US government news related to bitcoin, those two huge pieces would suggest a crash is not within our sights just yet. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 20:25:13
I think the "dream world", is getting a letter/memo/note saying "please have funds to cover the over draft by Friday" Every instance with any bank that I have had an overdraft they automatically charged it. Maybe not "instantly", but damn near close. I stopped banking with bank of america a while ago due to the 6 dollar a month checking account deal--not sure how much it is now. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 06:00:27
I can guarantee that the odds of compromising fiat currency is far less than that threshold. -- Counterfeiting anyone? I am not suggesting that bitcoin or any one currency be the only currency though, just pointing out the fact that the current currencies are not as secure as it seems you believe them to be. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 10:43:08
That's not how it works, the government doesn't just "create" new money out of thin air "digitally". Banks do through loaning out more than what they have in reserve. The Fed prints money, but doesn't create money electronically as far as I know. If you have some proof of this, I would be interested in seeing it. 
@_date: 2013-11-28 03:25:00
I agree that it defeats some of the purpose, but primarily within the realm of low fees, and low barrier to entry. I disagree however that it is "anonymous". It's hard to trace for most, but it's by far not anonymous. Cash is by far more anonymous than bitcoin is. Every transaction is represented within the blockchain. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 21:02:49
I read some of the bloomberg deal, from my understanding your quote is right that they banned banks, but did not ban bitcoin. Just banks from using bitcoin. I believe that would cover speculation a bit over there so in the long run it would help to keep the price of bitcoin stable, but it does hurt it in areas of huge spikes. If that is something you like or not... 
@_date: 2013-11-07 10:18:16
Something like comparing an apple, to an orange tree. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 11:08:43
Not 100% sure what you are asking, but what I was talking about is if you click the "recieve" tab you can see any addresses you have there, you can check each one with blockchain to see if any coins are still there, and how many were there. 
@_date: 2013-10-02 19:43:21
All this talk about it being a currency, and being in competition of other established currencies is doing more harm than good, well to some not to others who profit off of the instabilities that brings. No government in their right mind will ever think of this as competing with their currency. It's like GM, Ford, or any other automotive company being worried about dirt competing with them. Almost all, if not all currencies that I am aware of are inflationary. They grow by inflating. Bitcoin is the opposite of this. The way bitcoin, the blockchain and everything associated with it, it really can't substitute for an actual currency, not at least a decent sized nation. Maybe a very small country can use it as a fall back until their country is stabilized, but even that is doubtful. 
Think about it like this. A lot of people like to say bitcoin is anonymous it isn't. Just think if by chance we actually did switch over, every single transaction would be seen by anyone who would want to see it, all of it being traceable to some extent. Do you think big banks, and large corporations, and politicians want their goings on being public? They go through a lot of money to make sure they don't have to disclose that information. 
Now as for it being the first step to shutting this thing down? Look if they really wanted to shut bitcoin down, they could. Easily, well it would cost quite a bit of money to do, and even more now and growing, but it wouldn't be impossible. All they would have to do is outmine everyone and gain control of the chain, shut down their miners, then when things quiet down, do it again, and do this over and over, and it's done. Seeing as other coins are built around similar principles and can be adjusted for that specific coin, then it wouldn't matter if an alt coin popped up, they could do that as well. 
The reason they haven't done that, is because they do not see it as a threat. It's the same deal with gold. It's an addition to currency, not a replacement of. 
@_date: 2013-11-20 00:15:55
If you have no wifi hardware on the machine, then there should be no wifi drivers to disable. As for gaining access via USB, for someone who knows how, and or a properly ran script they can get around that. As for a long password, there are ways around that as well. From what you have done so far, to achieve the same level of security instead of bricking the Ethernet port you could have simply went into device manager and uninstalled and or disabled the port that way. That would have been equal in measure to what you did with everything else.
Just to give you an idea of how useless a long passcode is to someone that is motivated.  Granted they would have to have physical access to the system, but so would people who would be able to login and activate the Ethernet port to access the internet, and so long as those USB ports are active that's another means of entry. To make it as hack proof as possible, the CD/DVD drive should be disabled, all USB ports disabled, and any other port you may have like a pcmcia slot or something should be disabled. -- until needed of course then you can easily enable them temporarily, then disable again after use. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 20:31:25
Both can be equally important, but the hardware to do each can be somewhat different. If folding payed out in the least to help offset electricity costs then a lot more would likely do it. I mean people who use the data will eventually use it to get rich from, sure it could go to benefit us all as well but those actually putting in the processing power should be compensated a little bit if those that use the information get handsomely compensated. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 18:41:57
I don't believe it's a bubble either, at least for now that is. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 01:11:51
Sorry I don't do tips on here, accepting or giving at the moment. I realized the percentage after I said that, right now I am trying to figure out, how and if you are able to fund it with namecoin and litecoin. It appears you would have to convert to btc before? If you don't want to answer due to no tip, I understand, I am still looking it over and put some in to that site for at least 1gh. 
@_date: 2013-12-31 17:56:17
While I agree with some of your sentiment, I disagree with some of your points. Primarily the fact that you say a country banned bitcoin. As far as I know of, no country has "banned" it. Some have regulated it but none to my knowledge have banned it. If you are talking about China, BTC China is now accepting fiat via a third party, and the volume is going back up.
Now as for buying in at triple digits? I didn't, but I wouldn't say that somone doing it is absurd, in the least. I am sure you would have had a similar sentiment back in April when it peaked out at around 260. People saying that it's all over, this and that and look where it's at now. No one knows the future, and different things can have an effect on the price. China regulating and giving rules for bitcoin provoked a lot of panic which reverberated which lead to the price going down. Had China been a bit clearer and or used less severe language it would have likely kept going up. All markets are subject to this kind of thing, it's not unique to bitcoin. 
I also disagree that the value is entirely speculative, it isn't. More and more companies are using it, so that brings in non-speculative value right there. You are also not valuing the ability to send it to anyone you want with a fairly low fee. That is not worth 0. I also disagree that it would be dead to 99.99%. Look at piracy, governments all across the board are against it, for primarily illogical industry backed reasoning but it is far from "dead" to 99.99% of people. Sure less people use it than they would if governments regulated and or supported it, but it's still very much alive and not going anywhere. Even if only 1% of the population used it in any one decently sized country it would still have some value. There are different ways to get money out of it. Right now it is moderately easy, but even if it got harder it wouldn't be impossible. Even if you couldn't really exchange it for cash you could exchange it for something else, or with a company in another country selling something and accepting bitcoin. 
I see bitcoin as an addition to, not a replacement of. The only things that will suffer at all through adoption of bitcoin are services that offer to transfer money for a fee. Things like paypal and square. Credit cards to a large degree are not going to be harmed at all via bitcoin adoption due to a credit card having a credit line, which bitcoin does not offer. It can supplant and or be an addition to a bank card though so long as there is nothing attached to the account that provides any form of credit. 
A government would be foolish to "ban" bitcoin. I don't see that scenario having any legal footing at all. Can people use bitcoin for nefarious purposes? Yes, but so can cash, and much more easily. Cash is by far more anonymous than bitcoin is. Bitcoin is not anonymous, I know you didn't say that, but for those who think it is while reading this should know that it isn't. Sure it's relatively hard to track right now and or put a name to an address, but it's by far not impossible. There is no logical reason why a government based upon threats to the government would ban bitcoin. The only feasible reason why they would try to or think about it is through heavy lobbying from entities like paypal and square. 
To be clear, my definition of "dead" is very few people using it, and or it subsequently being made unusable period. Meaning you could no longer exchange it, and or use it for anything. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 10:36:47
Epoxy the Ethernet port? Are you not aware of USB ports as well that can provide internet access as well as built in wifi? Do what you wish with it but don't believe it will be "hack" proof by any means, even with a dead Ethernet port. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 23:14:03
Basically they are asking how can companies exploit our hardware and in turn pay us some bitcoin for our troubles. This assumes that an open market would push it into a general profit. 
For something like this to really work, there would have to be another network type of setup similar to bitcoin that companies who need computing power could tie into, and then reward people equally who contribute certain amounts to the work completed. 
