@_author: lyghtofmine
@_date: 2016-05-13 02:58:17
 Wow, yes, that's real simple and accessible, isn't it? I thought you were serious at first. That's more convoluted than Factom.
@_date: 2013-12-20 21:05:43
"Bitcoin is the Internet of money and currency is only the first application. If you grasp that you can look beyond the price, you can look beyond the volatility, you can look beyond the fad and understand that at its core is a revolutionary technology that will change the world forever."
Finally got a Reddit account just to upvote this post. This video contains the most relevant and important statements about Bitcoin I've heard since I've been lurking on for past three months (I've owned BTC since 2011). 
Other highlights:
"Saying Bitcoin is digital money is like saying the Internet is a fancy telephone...money is just the first application"
"This invention is truly revolutionary and when we look back at these moments we will see that this is a historic moment in the evolution of computer science but also a social and political revolution in the making"
"Currency is just the first application you can build on a distributed consensus system. Other applications include distributed fair voting, stock ownership, asset registration and notarization and also many other applications we have never thought of before."
"Some of you may have heard of Bitcoin as a currency, as a system of money that is currently going wildly high in price one day and wildly low the other day. What I am here to tell you is ignore the price. Ignore Bitcoin the money and understand Bitcoin the technology."
"The invention of Bitcoin, the technology that make it possible, cannot be uninvented. It creates the possibility for decentralized organization on a scale never before seen on this planet."
"Six and a half billion people on this planet have no connection to the world of money [bank account, credit rating, etc]. They don't need banks. Two billion of these people are already on the Internet. With a simple application download they can immediately become participants in an international economy, using an international currency that can be transmitted anywhere with no fees and government control and they can connect to a world of international finance that is completely peer-to-peer... The possibility of bringing six and a half billion people into productive society by connecting them to the rest of the world is truly revolutionary."
"[Bitcoin] is going to start affecting the payment processors. These enormous companies that make it more expensive to send money the poorer the destination country is. A situation that is exploitative and corrupt. These organizations make enormous amounts of profit for a function that can be done in Bitcoin for free. So, as the adage of the Internet once went, 'I just replaced your entire industry with a hundred lines of Python code.'"
"Bitcoin is neutral to sender and recipient and also the value of the transaction and that means it gives every citizen and user of Bitcoin the ability to innovate in terms of financial innovations and instruments, in terms of payment systems and to use the currency with exactly the same facility that a bank has. You become Citibank. You can operate on the same level as Citibank and that is truly revolutionary."
"The same power of the technology that can be used by a criminal to promote their criminal activities can be used by the rest of us to do good, to do incredible things all across the world, and there's more of us."
"If Bitcoin [the currency] crashed tomorrow morning the technology is still revolutionary."
"It's not about us. It is about the other six and a half billion. It is about the ability to bring to the world a level of financial integration that the world has never seen before."
"If you're a Kenyan farmer who is trying to raise money in order to buy seed and now you can do decentralized, peer-to-peer lending and reach out to lenders all across the globe...this is truly life changing."
Bitcoin will have an enormous impact "on the vast majority of the world that lives under repressive and corrupt regimes with central banks that impose hyper-inflation."
"When you throw a disruptive technology into the middle of the  most powerful organizations on the planet, they don't like it...We're still at the 'laughing at us' stage. And that's quite alright. Because by the time the get to 'fighting us', they've already lost."
"There are 193 currencies controlled by central banks and governments but there is only one [international and] mathematical currency today and that is Bitcoin; and we are going to build more of them. Cryptographic currencies are going to be a mainstay of our financial future. They are going to be part of the future of this planet because they have been invented. And it is as simple as that. You cannot uninvent that technology. You cannot turn that omelette back into eggs." 
There will be many alternate crypto-currencies using "the very same basic technology, of a decentralized asset ledger, using consensus in the network with Satoshi's algorithm in order to achieve other forms of currency. Currencies that are inflationary, currencies that are deflationary. Currencies that use demurrage or negative interest rates. Currencies that are charitable and redistribute a portion of the income to charitable organizations."
"We can invent money. Non-stop. And create new forms of money and the instruments. At the end of the day, Bitcoin is programmable money and once you have programmable money, the possibilities are truly endless."
@_date: 2013-12-31 23:51:37
Thanks for the sane input NielDRL. I do have a further question. Assuming all other known risks (e.g. keylogger, malware, etc) are not present what is the potential risk of not using any mouse entropy or a password with the the crypto.js library that bitaddress.org uses? It is my understanding that it will then use a timestamp for some entropy. In theory how could this be exploited, e.g. is it possible to run some kind of bruteforce/botnet attack that matches recent blockchain transactions (e.g. 72 hours prior to posted BTC transfers) with timestamps and crypto.js until it finds a match on the public key that still holds BTC? 