@_author: lynchy901
@_date: 2016-06-20 21:20:39
This incident was a bug in the *Bitcoin protocol*. This value overflow was an edge case that was not accounted for and resulted in unexpected behavior while mining these problem blocks.  
In the case of the DAO, the underlying Etherium protocol behaved exactly as it was intended to. A smart contract built *on top of* the Etherium protocol had a loophole that someone found and exploited (much like happens in written contracts).  What it comes down to is that it was absolutely insane for people to invest that much money in such a new and untested concept. They got burned by a bad investment and I think it's dangerous to set a precedent of hitting the reset button anytime enough people screw up.
@_date: 2016-06-22 05:00:52
@_date: 2016-06-16 03:44:03
This makes more sense. Having the option to generate more keys would be very nice. I'll do it this way thanks for the help. 
@_date: 2016-06-13 20:27:10
Yes. Coinbase knows which address the coins originated from (theirs) and that you are associated with that address. They can trace them to any address they move to regardless of whether or not the address was made with an HD wallet.  That being said, if you buy something they may have no idea who the address you are sending bitcoin to is associated with.
@_date: 2016-06-17 19:47:32
I think it's important to remember that the block size increase vs SegWit is an "as well as" not "instead of" situation. Increasing the block size is in the road map and would increase the throughput of the system but it would not allow Bitcoin to scale anymore than it is already capable of.  
SegWit, on the other hand, adds a huge amount of scaling potential. It fixes transaction malleability (necessary for solutions like lightning network), makes running a full node easier (smaller transactions), and also allows for adding new features in the future such as confidential transactions without a hard fork!  A happy side effect is that it increases the effective block size to relieve some pressure during periods of high traffic.  You can debate whether or not the constant block size should be changed before or after but either way SegWit is important to the future of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-06-16 04:56:11
Ah, I forgot it was on github. I like the idea of never connecting to the Internet. Thanks
@_date: 2016-06-16 04:51:39
It's my savings address so I don't plan to spend from it for awhile. I have the private key saved so I'll be able to import it into any wallet when the time comes and spend them.  
I have done this a couple times before when moving keys between different wallets.
@_date: 2016-06-22 03:56:58
@_date: 2016-05-10 19:07:25
In Bitcoin ownership of private keys is what allows you to spend the bitcoin you own. Coinbase does not give you access to your private keys when you use their service. They have complete control over them and make transactions for you upon request. This means you have to trust they won't lose or steal your btc. They are recommending you use a wallet where you can own and control your own private keys so you are in complete control of the btc in your addresses.
@_date: 2016-07-27 19:53:05
1. Ok I see what you mean. I guess the advantage of having the central authority is the merchant feels confident giving you what you purchased immediately because of they trust the banks to follow through on these IOUs. The disadvantage being that the customer and merchant have to trust that central authority.
2. Yes the fact that the network is larger and more transactions are happening would likely cause traffic to move slowly throughout because everyone needs to know about every transaction. This is one of the advantages of lightning network because it batches transactions together and settles them once. Imagine a bus traveling on a highway instead of putting each person in their own car.
3. This is one of the current issues with Bitcoin being used at a POS. The use of proof of work provides important features like immutability but it makes it inconvenient for buying a cup of coffee because of the long confirmation times. I believe this is another use case where lightning network can improve the usability greatly because it provides instant, trustless transactions.
@_date: 2016-07-27 18:01:44
This is called a double spend. Whichever transaction is included in a block first would be added to the chain and the other would be considered invalid. If they are broadcast in rapid succession then it could be either one depending on the fee, the speed it spreads throughout the network, etc. If they are somehow both included in blocks then whichever chain is the longest would be considered valid and the block with the losing transaction would become orphaned.  This is why it is recommended you wait ~6 confirmations before considering a transaction completely valid.  Also, Bitcoin transactions are not faster than many current forms of payment. If I use a debit card at a gas station, those funds are immediately spend and I can leave with my merchandise. When spending bitcoin you'd need to wait until the transaction is confirmed (~10 minutes) and even then the block with the transaction could become orphaned. Bitcoin becoming more widely adopted would not make transactions faster, only improvements to the protocol and solutions like the lightning network will achieve this.
@_date: 2016-07-27 20:40:33
Yeah I have heard of a few implementations being worked on. The one I've heard about the most is Blockchain's  [Thunder Network]( but I'm not sure if there are any more further along.   If you're a technical person, here is the [white paper](  Here is a [less technical explanation]( using a town in the wild west as a metaphor.
@_date: 2016-07-27 21:03:23
Also wanted to add that another way is adding efficiency like SegWit. This increases effective blocksize without actually raising it.