@_author: lysistrada
@_date: 2017-12-30 04:34:14
This is the case for a lot of people just getting into bitcoin.  We have all been there at some point. I personally like to deal in other crypto currency as well and buy more bitcoin when it dips... understanding and then trying to predict the market is half the fun for me. I like the drama and unexpected. For instance, I knew India was going to outlaw large bills last year a week before it happened and I knew it would cause a rise in bitcoin so I bought a lot and I made a lot. Alternatively, I knew the SEC would reject the first proposed ETF this past March but I thought it would cause a huge dip in price so I took a lot of profit from some coins I held since 2012. I was right about the decision, but it ended up being almost inconsequential for the price of bitcoin. That cost me a ton of money. But I learned to never look at bitcoin through such American eyes ever again. But I love trying to foresee upcoming price changes and benefit from that. However, if that weren’t the case I would probably just buy some bitcoin, HODL and then check in quarterly because if you don’t like to be deeply involved it can be a real roller coaster with an investment of this degree of volatility. And sometime that roller coaster is going down for awhile... so your remedy is to either learn more so you can get a better handle on the market or back off and HODL and let it do its thing over the long run. There will be periods of huge growth moving forward. It’s just going to also dip a lot and sometimes for a long time. Be patient. You will not regret the investment over the long term.
@_date: 2017-12-30 03:55:03
You are not being realistic. You are being impatient. The whole point of any investment in a commodity is that it is subject to an array of market pressures and you are trying to predict what will occur. If you predict wrong, you lose money. Gold, pork bellies, etc. all increase or decrease in value according to many, many global factors. If you aren’t tuned into them, you should just put your money in a mutual fund where others have diversified your investments  for you.  The underlying belief of a true HODLER is that this coin and the underlying technology will, in the long run, prevail in spite of even prolonged dips. If you don’t believe that, you shouldn’t have invested in bitcoin. You are pouting because you aren’t getting rich quick. You need to back up and learn a lot of things before you can go around foretelling where bitcoin will and will not go. 