@_author: m00k3y
@_date: 2018-07-06 08:43:03
It's possible but it seems like a really bullish bagholder bias.
More then 60&amp; of total volume and market liquidity is either USDT or BTC (Since most alts are pegged to BTC their volume is not real USD by default) and not real USD/EUR volumes aka real money you hope to sell your bitcoins at a higher price for to the greater fool.
Most of the rally from last year was artificially inflated with Tether printing at drops to sustain the price.
If Tether is not backed 1:1 and would implode then the crypto market as a whole loses over 60&amp; of the liquidity and all that is left then is real USD liquidity which is only a small fraction of the purported total market liquidity.
What's happening with Tether now and the community of permabull bagholders turning a blind eye acting like it's all rosy is just kicking the can down the road but the chickens will come home to roost.
What you've seen mostly now is still hope and denial not capitulation yet.
If ETF's wanted bitcoin to rise by default they wouldn't have dumped the price in the first place, when CME btc etfs opened near the 20k peak BTC tanked.
NVIDIA aren't dummies and they along with AMD have been warning for sometime that this mining gig that requires more and more energy for smaller and smaller profits isn't sustainable longer term.
Can't you see all these institutional investors shaking their heads at all these kids making moon and lambo memes and Tether/Bitfinex whom may or may not have $2+ billion in unbacked liabilities on their balance sheet, which accounts for most of the crypto market liquidity by the way since the largest exchanges use USDT not real USD mind you...
At the end of the day Bitcoin is a confidence game and you are looking to sell your bags to the greater fool for more USD.
@_date: 2018-07-06 09:01:29
Like someone else mentioned USD fiat is backed by some of the most powerful economies and armies on the planet who can and will produce these technologies themselves.
Only those who don't know their enemies would refuse to acknowledge that. But I reckon Bitcoin is backed by a strong religious following.