@_author: m0duspwnens
@_date: 2014-02-27 16:29:17
You should still give him the address.
Having your teacher feel like a jackass is reward enough.
@_date: 2013-04-11 15:07:04
Judging by this, I don't think you know what a *central bank* is. Or what *decentralized* currency means.
It doesn't mean that exchanges are under some bizzare obligation not to impose limits.
Customers asking services that exchange currency to behave in a certain way isn't in any way incompatible with a decentralized currency because it doesn't have any fundamental effect on people who want to run other exchanges.
Mt. Gox doesn't manage any part of Bitcoin. They're a de facto standard for currency exchange, but there's absolutely nothing architectural about that. They have influence because they're popular and for no other reason.
The comparison to anarchy also suggests that you know very little about actual anarchism, in which private entities are entirely free to determine or limit the services they offer (that being more or less the definition of anarchy).
**TL;DR:** Ignorance and self-righteousness are rarely a flattering combination.
@_date: 2013-04-13 22:46:56
Something that people also fail to recognize is that there's sort of a limited need to produce porn. A carefully constructed video recorded at a reasonably high quality can probably last quite a while before it seems too dated.
Originally, there just wasn't much porn and demand is demonstrably *huge*, so producing enough to meet that demand was very lucrative.
But the obsolence rate of porn is very low (especially now that we're starting to reach biological limits to the benefit of higher resolution), particularly in digital formats that are essentially free to reproduce.
Producing porn is less like farming crops (everyone needs to eat and the product is gone after it's used) and more like building houses (really lucrative when there aren't enough houses, but once you have enough houses for the local population, it's going to slow *way* down).
@_date: 2013-04-12 04:22:51
I really like your comment.
I feel like there's an obnoxious division here lately between people who say (a) This is a new thing! We can't know anything! and (b) This is going to go just like this other currency/stock/thing!
The real answer is (c) We can make principled extrapolations based on features of the currency, but because those features are different, they might not conform to trends associated with previous currency/stock/thing.
@_date: 2013-04-10 22:35:22
"What's happened before doesn't let you predict what will happen this time."
You grasp that that is literally what "prediction" means, yes?
@_date: 2013-04-15 20:45:35
I think the idea is "if it's going to be used as a major currency, the people who deal with the largest amounts of currency need to be able to deal with it".
Fortune 100 companies do more than just speculate - they also deal with vast numbers and large sizes of business deals in general.
@_date: 2013-11-21 13:11:12
I think that's probably true.
But I also think as soon as someone looks at the exchange rate with dollars over time, they're going to be very wary.
Having a currency that experiences such monumental shifts in value so frequently makes setting prices extraordinarily hard. Add on top of that the difficulty in learning how it all works, and it's generally hard to justify adopting it right now.
Which, of course, means that it's primarily being used for investment, which makes the prices more volatile, which prevents merchants from accepting it, which means it's primarily used for investment...
Breaking out of that cycle depends almost entirely on merchants being willing to accept the crazy fluctuation and look at it as a long-term thing. That's going to be a very gradual process.