@_author: m0nkey_fl0wer
@_date: 2018-03-12 07:51:59
ICO's yes but of all the cryptocurrencies to go after the one being built by Dan Larimer is not the right choice. There is a reason they raised so much so fast. No doubt a crazy amount but EOS is the exact opposite of a shit coin. 
Brock Pierce is an easy target and good for tv but he isn't the whole company. 
I felt like John was unfair in his description of what the project intends to do and what the implications will be if they pull it off. 
EOS is a key competitor to Ethereum  in the world of smart contracts and may actually do a better job of implementing scalablity, Daps and much more. 
@_date: 2018-02-28 19:07:44
Thanks I needed that 
@_date: 2018-03-13 04:23:40
All I'm saying is this isn't a straight up pump and dump shitcoin ... There are people involved with a serious intention to make a project a reality and it's not their first rodeo they have been in the space a long time working on these problems. Just given how much totally fake scammy shit there is it seemed like a strange choice. No doubt inspired by the sum they raised paired with Brock as a useful target.
I'm not sure about if DL and EOS have the best plans for a scalable trustless system but I believe they are taking those challenges seriously. Those are the fundamental problems that need solving in terms of getting cryptocurrency and smart contracts to it's next phase of growth and beyond. 
I dont know much about Brock Pierce and the accusations against him. Perhaps it's a big mistake having him involved... Even if he's a big part of the reason they raised so much cash. 
Regardless what is clear is we need changes to how ICO's are done. Smart contracts to control the release of funds to the team over time make sense to me. Pretty sure I've heard Larimer suggest similar ideas. 
I don't know the guy. I'm pretty sure we are actually pretty different politically. I own a very small amount of EOS. Cardano too. And a small amount of Ethereum of course. 
The really important thing is what this new tech can potentially do. How revolutionary and fundamentally disruptive it really  is. That's what I find interesting about these companies. I thought it was a shame that John Oliver didn't really explore that fully. In fact his critique kinda missed the whole point of how big of a deal it would be if EOS (or any similar project)  did accomplish it audacious goals and how that actually would be bigger than Google. 
:)