@_author: m0rp
@_date: 2017-04-27 10:42:33
The article has a whole section which gives you examples of ways it could be compromised: 


Through means of social engineering and hacking one could compromise the domain and craft the necessary code that sends the "stop mining" command in a reply whenever the miner queries this domain. This would be the scenario where all the miners produced by this company with this piece of code would stop mining. Except it would be initiated by a bad actor. 
These same means can be used to gain access to upstream connections from the mining operation. Like as mentioned in the article if hackers gain access to the network of the provider that provides the Internet connection for the mining operation. An ISP also peers with other network providers so any step in that chain between the mining operation and the servers providing DNS information or hosting of the aforementioned domain can potentially be leveraged to intercept and change reply and response to the hackers choosing. There is also the potential for insiders in these companies to become bad actors so it does not necessarily have to be a hacker breaking in from the "outside"/Internet.  
If an exploit was to be found in this code that communicates with the domain, for example a buffer overflow, one could perhaps be able to send back (shell)code in response to the connection initiated by the miner and create a reverse shell. Which means the code the miner receives in reply from the domain would force it to establish a connection with another computer which has software running that listens for this connection. So even if the miner is not directly accessible on the Internet as long as it has the ability to access the Internet it could be able to establish the reverse Shell with the hackers computer as it is the miner initiating the connection. Once the connection is established the hacker is presented with a shell or put differently a means of direct access to execute commands on the miner. 
This is still barely scratching the surface of what could be possible but I hope it gives you some perspective on the scope. 
@_date: 2017-04-27 08:24:57


Internal access is not a necessity there are a plethora of ways to compromise DNS without gaining internal network access. 
The idea that there are better things to do also does not preclude that there are potential bad actors out there who would have no problem setting a bank and its monetary contents on fire so to speak. 
This sort of mechanism could also potentially be leveraged if other faults in the code are found. 
I think it's a pretty big security oversight. 
@_date: 2017-04-27 11:32:52
The way DNS works is that requests get forwarded to other DNS servers if the local server can't resolve it or records are changed for example. Even if DNS is the only communication taking place via a server on the local network it is still possible to compromise the domain in ways I highlighted in my previous response. 
@_date: 2017-04-27 11:45:36
Smartass? Thanks I guess. I'm aware of the aspects of DNS configuration but you're making a very specific assumption. I hope for the mining operations that they are this security conscious. 
My point remains it's a big security oversight. The fact that there's no form of authentication on this mechanism is just ridiculous even if you air gapped it. 
@_date: 2018-04-30 06:00:50
On Qo'noS they call shorts yopwaH bID. Yet they call bermuda shorts, bermuda shorts...
@_date: 2017-05-28 02:11:15


@_date: 2017-07-01 04:42:47
Running TAILS in a virtual machine still leaves you vulnerable to keyloggers and other attacks on the host operating system. It would be better if you'd boot TAILS directly and created the wallet in Electrum and used veracrypt to encrypt a USB drive on which you stored the wallet. Using these exclusively while directly booting TAILS. The assumption being that TAILS and Electrum are not comprised in some way. I believe Electrum is included with TAILS. 
I don't think there's a reason to believe TAILS or Electrum are compromised at this point but there's no 100% guarantee. Also make sure you verify the checksum after downloading TAILS just to be sure. 