@_author: m0t0rb04t
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:29:47
Say's law says that the supply of a good creates equal demand for that good. That's not what I was saying at all. It is generally accepted in monetary economics that an increase in production (or an increase in returns from investments in capital) lead to a higher demand for currency. That is basic monetary economics; would you like me to show you on paper using an endowment economy model?
And it does matter what currency you use, buying a PS4 from the Swiss market using francs makes no sense if you're a US citizen. The cost (time, effort, and money) to convert your assets into francs is strictly higher than buying the PS4 on the US market, not to mention the costs of obtaining the PS4.
And it's a grave misconception to think that people are going to "cash out" just for the sake of profit. Bubbles burst when the market realizes there is no value in what they are investing in, *beyond any doubt.* The housing market crashed when CDOs became utterly worthless because it was *absolutely clear* that 80% of the mortgages in those CDOs were in default. Investors weren't cashing out because the prices were high, they were cashing out because it was 100% clear that their investments were worthless.
The future of bitcoin is extremely uncertain but there is promise. To say that it is beyond a doubt worth less than $11k is a weak argument at best. Hell, to say it's worth more than $11k is equally as weak. But I can assure you that the market won't crash just because people want to cash out for a quick buck.
@_date: 2017-12-02 01:33:56


Then we're saying the same thing. Banks take savings and promise a return on those savings (R^1 ). Then they loan out whatever the government doesn't require them to hold in reserves. Investors take loans to invest in capital at an interest rate (R^2 ). In perfect competition among banks, R^1 = R^2 .
Investors will invest in capital and recieve a return of R^3 . If R^3 increases (higher production/ return on capital), the banks can loan out savings at a higher R^2 . Higher R^2 means higher R^1 . Higher R^1 makes people save more. Thus, demand for savings increases due to increases in capital returns. And like you said, a higher demand in savings means a higher demand for currency. In other words, higher productivity of capital creates higher demand for currency.
I see what you're saying, your counter arguments are sound. At first I thought you were just spouting out economic terms but you seem to have an adequate grasp on those topics. Good discussion.
@_date: 2017-12-01 06:39:19
@_date: 2017-12-17 04:31:30
They are "competitive goods" because the framework behind bitcoin is fundamentally different from ethereum or litecoin. Like Famous Dave's BBQ sauce vs Sweet Baby Ray's BBQ. Though they are both BBQ sauce, they are different recipes. If investors believe that people value Famous Dave's BBQ sauce less and less, they will move their investments from Famous Dave's BBQ sauce to Sweet Baby Ray's BBQ sauce. More demand for SBR makes its price go up and the lower demand for FD makes its price go down
@_date: 2017-12-17 04:22:24
Never to late. I just bought $150 when it was at $17,600.
Think big picture: $1 trillion market cap is very possible (~$50k per bitcoin) 
@_date: 2017-12-01 06:19:47
Taxes are not the main driving force of demand on fiat money. Production is. If you know there's going to be more things produced tomorrow, you'll know that your dollar today will have more purchasing power tomorrow. The economy will demand more money until the utility in spending a dollar today is equal to the utility of spending a dollar tomorrow.
The debate for the value of bitcoin is one of its future utility. The increase of price is a reflection of the information explosion about bitcoin; more people know about it now so naturally more people demand it. It's not that the same population of people are buying more and more coin (though that is happening), it's that there are more people trading. People are banking on the hope that transforming their money into bitcoin today will allow them to purchase more in the future. Bitcoin, being the premier cryptocurrency, has *a lot* of promise for future utility. There is absolutely no doubt that it will be used in the future and we know that it's deflationary attribute will increase its settled, natural price. But is that natural price at $50k or $50? That's the big gamble....
I'd say skepticism is very healthy for the price of bitcoin. The more volitale and risky it is, the fewer idiots pouring their entire life savings into it. Those would be the idiots that would cause a crash. So let's calm down and be moderate... Bitcoin has always swung around 20% daily volatility. Nothing is really new expect for the big number plastered on it.
@_date: 2017-12-01 06:22:34
Yes, but only as much as you'd be willing to lose at a blackjack table 
@_date: 2017-12-01 06:30:02
Do you think the US won't stand for another 50 years? 100 years? 500 years? As long as the US stands, its currency will stand. If the US dollar becomes worthless there probably won't be any computers around to flaunt your bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-02 00:35:25
I actually wrote my senior econometrics paper on the correlation of bitcoin and google searches for "bitcoin." Using Stata, I controlled for reverse causality by using an instrumental variable (searches for "cryptocurrency"). I also explored other variables like stock market trends and power usage to see if anything correlated with bitcoin price. My conclusion was that a 1% increase in Google searches for bitcoin significantly correlates with a 1% increase in bitcoin's price.
Here's the catch; I used data from 2012-2016 (about 40 months total) so it is a bit out of date. Also, the correlation only explained 9% of bitcoin's variation (R^2 = 0.09). Not only that but this correlation *cannot* be used to predict bitcoin's price since I did not use lagged time series data (that's some graduate school level shit, super complicated and muddled with dependencies). Essentially once you've observed the changes in Google searches, the theoretical correlated change in bitcoin's price has already happened.
So yes, there is causation. Yes, it's because of internet attention. But no, it doesn't explain much of bitcoin's variation and it cannot be used to predict bitcoin's price.
@_date: 2018-02-02 00:37:08
I mean... You can't just eyeball a graph and say it matches or doesn't match. You need to run a regression on the data to make any kind of significant conclusion.