@_author: m2zero
@_date: 2014-07-19 01:09:07
Dell makes some really good stuff. I have a 1 year old Dell XPS13. Amazing laptop and runs Linux like a dream
@_date: 2013-11-29 03:44:02
I really dont agree with the part about "Bitcoin Security... "it is a difficult and costly process..."
Thats total BS, just encrypt and forget! choose the right encryption and put it on a USB or CD. Or print out your private keys, seal in box, put in ground! lol
I could give someone an encrypted USB stick and beg them to crack it, theres very little chance they will.
@_date: 2013-11-29 03:23:39
The aggregate operating cost of the mining pool is what protects the bitcoin system from an attack (it becomes vulnerable if someone controls &gt;50% of mining resources).
However, unfortunately this is not the case in the actual implementation, and this is a well known vulnerability of the system.
Once the mining profits will drop significantly (in about 5-10 years) there will be less miners protecting the system, and it will be more vulnerable to attacks.
And the other work the Financial Times mentions, from Cornell, phys.org:
Two computer science researchers from Cornell find that this extensive ecosystem can be undermined and they outline how in a paper that they have posted on arXiv.
The paper, "Majority is not Enough: Bitcoin Mining is Vulnerable," is by Ittay Eyal, a post doc member of the Computer Sciences department at Cornell and Emin Gun Sirer, associate professor at Cornell.
According to the two researchers, "Empirical evidence shows that Bitcoin miners behave strategically and form pools.
“Specifically, because rewards are distributed at infrequent, random intervals miners form mining pools in order to decrease the variance of their income rate.
Within such pools, all members contribute to the solution of each cryptopuzzle, and share the rewards proportionally to their contributions. To the best of our knowledge,so far such pools have been benign andfollowed the protocol."
The authors wrote that central to Bitcoin operations is a public log called the blockchain where all transactions are recorded. The security of the blockchain is established by a chain of cryptographic puzzles solved by a loosely organized network of participants called miners.
The two researchers present an attack with which colluding miners obtain a revenue larger than their fair share.
"This attack can have significant consequences for Bitcoin," they warned,where rational miners join selfish miners and the colluding group increases in size until it becomes a majority. At this point, they said,the Bitcoin system ceases to be a decentralized currency.”
the two were asked if they were trying to take Bitcoin down with their sober warning.
"We're Bitcoin supporters," they blogged, "and are working to make the currency stronger against a broader set of possible misbehaviors than what has been considered so far."
They proposed in their paper a practical modification to the Bitcoin protocol that protects against selfish mining pools.
Can Bitcoin remain a viable currency? Sirer said, "Probably. We have shown that as long as selfish miners are below a certain threshold, they will not succeed."
The combination of low-cost transacting, fast clearing of a liquid market (gold), digital transacting with true, predictable supply and redeemable heft is a possibility today if the communities combine to admitting present weaknesses—bitcoins’ future supply can be co-opted; it needs to be tied to a realistic historic and future growth determined by the market at large.
With gold, private miners’ (businesses or otherwise) view the demand for gold in the market, as money, jewelry, or dore’ relative to supply, estimated costs of production and a myriad of other factors—it is a self-moderating system.
Meanwhile, gold retains utility should the lights ever go out. Gold is also useful in many esoteric applications, and demand from those sources also plays a small part bidding on gold for sale.
 
@_date: 2013-11-29 03:23:29
Limited Supply
Gold’s supply is limited, historically averaging equivalent to human population—there are the same ounces per person in existence today as in ancient times.
The only physical moving is in specks, to smart retail buyers across the world, Asia in May, June and again selling out today, as well as record U.S. mint sales in silver Eagle coins. Bangkok, Thailand is exploding as a base for gold, as Singapore is for storing it, and Shanghai Exchanges ship it out the door at a clip 9 times that of the CME Group’s COMEX.
Now China’s Shanghai Futures Exchange (SHFE) is launching a medium sour crude oil contract, the type of “reserves” oft claimed abundant in Saudi Arabia, and China’s preferred import. While officials may allow foreign investors to trade without setting up a local subsidiary, industry participants with direct knowledge of the plan have said the contract would be priced in the yuan, otherwise known as the renminbi, and the U.S. dollar. Yang Maijun, the SHFE chairman, would not say whether yuan pricing was only for Chinese investors.
With China importing more oil from Saudi Arabia than the U.S., could the petrodollar standard be called into question, especially as national needs begin to move apart?
With China necessarily inflating currency alongside the Fed, Bank of Japan and European Zone inflows, it’s no wonder gold is used as trusted savings.
Bitcoin’s supply is NOT unlimited; a malicious group could take over transaction verifiers (miners) fairly easily. As cost rises to solve ever-more complex arbitrary math, it will be a few big players with (unlimited?) pocketbooks commanding real resources, quietly consolidating.
If supply growth one day slowed due to metals mining profitability, it’d create a period of slower inflation, but in bitcoin, as the supply growth stops, it is a time-bomb creating environment of no new coins; thus processing priority is the only thing that can be commoditized—small miners (and thus the distributed verification) would close shop and get bought out.
This period of deflation would be used to finalize consolidation of bitcoin miners—the miners also happen to control the ability to transact (as “they” are the verifiers) in the future, more holistically halting the ability of an undesired person or group to transact.
Just as a “coin” that depends on electricity (think of the applications), and a collective agreement on the “fair” hash. And government knows what’s fair (and has the ability to co-opt the system once wider adoption is achieved), and will seek tofurther bolster control over the last defense of a free (or non-king-of-the-world) version of civilization—communication—or the right to free speech and press for all, whether you agree with their views or not.
After we warned of this in April 30, 2013, quoting David Morgan, now senior economist at the Chicago Fed, Francois R. Velde discusses in the Chicago Fed Letter for December just this very opportunity:
[T]here have been a few instances of “forks,”moments when part of the network accepted one new block as valid while another part rejected it and accepted a different block.
These incidents happened for accidental reasons, but a fork could someday be the result of malicious action.
It is generally thought that it would be too expensive for a single malicious user (or group of malicious users) to take over more than half of the network; but if bitcoin were to grow significantly in value, this calculation could change.
Government can update the bitcoin supply by changing the code (on devalue day) for their ostensibly now majority-owned miner/verifiers ledger. Even the Financial Times commented twiceon the subject:
@_date: 2013-11-29 03:23:15
This common claim is gold has “intrinsic value” and isn’t based on solving arbitrary puzzles, but rather digging up gold to rebury it is superior—the point is that the energy used, or the production cost, is not what gives anything value. Rather, it is consumer needs and wants that impart value.
“Intrinsic value” is simply a long history of individuals subjectively valuing gold.
On “utility,” or one’s preferences, it’s all subjective; and this is the way of free people in a free market, where the consumer is king (not some elite oligarchs).
As quoted in Consumer Freedom to Choose Critical to Market Pricing, Rothbard put it best (hat tip and health to EconomicPolicyJournal):
It is important to realize that there is never any possibility of measuring increases or decreases in happiness or satisfaction.
Not only is it impossible to measure or compare changes in the satisfaction of different people; it is not possible to measure changes in the happiness of any given person.
In order for any measurement to be possible, there must be an eternally fixed and objectively given unit with which other units may be compared.
There is no such objective unit in the field of human valuation...
Human actors value means strictly in accordance with their valuation of the ends that they believe the means can serve.
it must be emphasized that "utility" is not a cardinal quantity subject to the processes of measurement, such as addition, multiplication, etc.
It is a ranked number expressible only in terms of higher or lower order in the preferences of men.
Objective means we can measure it.
“It’s the subjective world that runs the objective world. It’s our expectations, plans and values that run the objective world. But, yet we need an index, a common denominator, in the objective world to reflect our values, and those are prices.”
—Dr. Joseph Salerno, Pace University
As fellow Austrian Ronald Stoferle, who famously wrote In Gold We Trust
for years, now at Incremntum.li, in this piece:  
"I therefore assume that gold is not so precious because it’s scarce, but because the opposite is true:  gold is precious because the annual production is so low relative to the stock.  This stability and security is a crucial precondition for creating confidence.  Gold has acquired this feature over centuries, and cannot lose it anymore."
This is a big difference between gold and bitcoin, a source of the volatility Schiff rightly pointed out (consider both are denominated in dollars). Gold priced in real goods also fluctuates, in cycles in fact, but not nearly to the volatile extremes seen in dollar COMEX contracts for gold.
It turns out, subjective valuations get overdone at times (think tulips), or are simply under-valued and thus typically under-owned as a percent of assets.
 
@_date: 2013-11-29 03:22:59
The majority of recent demand for bitcoin is from China, which makes sense due to the limited options for returns there—with stocks dead, debt toxic, and housing inflated. Plausible deniability.
Simultaneously many of our brightest minds vigorously promote a clearly incomplete ideal with future catastrophic blame in the end laying in part on a pseudonym of apparent Japanese ancestry. Old rivalries die hard, or is that what we are supposed to think when “revalue day” exposes to all the extent of consolidation in miners/verifiers.
A roundabout technique of displacing the dollar with bitcoin over time should not be discounted (as neither yuan depth and financial market depth are remotely comparable to the euro/dollar hegemony). Cue tail-risk hedge fund manager, Mark Spitznagel in his new book, The Dao of Capital:
This is the roundabout approach (what we will later call shi and Umweg, and ultimately Austrian Investing), indeed central to the very message of this book: Rather than pursue the direct route of immediate gain, we will seek the difficult and roundabout route of immediate loss, an intermediate step which begets an advantage for greater potential gain.
This is the age-old strategy of the military general and of the entrepreneur—of the destroyer and of the very creator of civilizations.
It is, in fact, the logic of organic efficacious growth in our world. But when it is hastened or forced, it is ruined.
[Heard a comment supporting bitcoin stepping back from funding Wikileaks after Paypal ended transfers to the media outlet, as it would discourage mainstream bitcoin adoption in exchange for an immediate fillip from those already likely to adopt.]
Because of its difficulty it will remain the circuitous road least traveled, so contrary to our wiring, to our perception of time… this is why it is ultimately so effective.
Lastly, the yuan battling the dollar isn’t the internationalist’s approach.
Chinese planners have publicly backed a global move towards a change in the reserve medium of exchange.
Now, we’re not defending market prices of bitcoin or gold versus national currencies at present, nor debating any question to illiquidity relative to demand of the bitcoin and depth in its mining/verifying network.
Gold has “intrinsic” value.
@_date: 2013-11-29 03:23:47
Privacy in Transaction
Different degrees of privacy, with both in flux globally
As the first trumpeted assertion that bitcoin is anonymous is untrue: every transaction is logged and is public from the inception of the coin, with each transaction traceable to IP and ultimately MAC addresses (with the help of your ISP), by the same groups that will take great interest in encouraging the consolidation of miner/verifiers, after broader adoption. In some places, such as Thailand, transacting in bitcoin is illegal.
Silver and gold are private to buy, are private to “sell” for real goods (don’t say barter: gold is both money and a medium of exchange), or sell for feral reserve notes.
Bitcoin or gold and silver? We think the market’s ultimate answer to that question will become more obvious—just as its ultimate choice between metals and paper notes will be.
@_date: 2013-12-15 07:44:05
Head of 3D for XYZ Studios from Melbourne Australia here. Willing to help!
Check out our site and some of my work.
 (Alot of stylized motion graphics and TV ads)
 (Old ish more 3D show reel)
