@_author: m3d1vh
@_date: 2011-06-04 10:43:34
Why would you make that currency exchange then, when it's more convenient to just purchase in dollars? I assume you meant spending your BTC right away after a currency exchange, since holding onto a BTC and then spending it wouldn't make sense unless you want to get ripped off. The only way the latter wouldn't be the case is if vendors were on top of the volatile pricing of BTC on a daily basis, so that everything is priced fairly. So then, what incentive do vendors have to accept payment in BTC when it's more convenient for both parties to just exchange in USD?
@_date: 2011-06-04 11:41:38


The only such goods are illicit ones. If you're offered the choice of buying something in either BTC or USD, what's the incentive to pay in BTC? Because it's anonymous? Because it's secure? I don't see these traits as needs for most people, since most people do not purchase illegal goods.
@_date: 2011-06-04 11:02:03
1.  Divide Bitcoins sent by Total BTC. Also, I don't know what you're referring to as a sloppy estimation.
2. Increased volume means greater supply. The increase in price would be justified if there was also an increase in demand, but I don't think the increase in demand is anywhere close to proportionate to the increase in supply.
3. &gt;or the market on the official Bitcoin forum, the virtual credit card exchanges, and the Trade page on the bitcoin.it wiki
I seriously doubt that all this combined is equal to the value of $100 million.
5. (You forgot a  I don't think that the exponential growth in value is justified. And of course I did not mean indefinitely. But it's been happening since last year. Has the BTC's inherent value to purchase goods increased exponentially? Initially, maybe yes, since it had to grow from nothing to something. But that trend should not have continued into the span of a year.
@_date: 2011-06-04 11:25:21
What's the incentive for them to invest in BTC rather than say, gold, which is also a deflationary currency? Why would the average person learn the technical jargon to fully understand BTC when gold historically has been very stable and is also very easy to understand?
@_date: 2011-06-04 11:05:33
You seem to have double-posted. I'll paste my response to your other post:
Why would you make that currency exchange then, when it's more convenient to just purchase in dollars? I assume you meant spending your BTC right away after a currency exchange, since holding onto a BTC and then spending it wouldn't make sense unless you want to get ripped off. The only way the latter wouldn't be the case is if vendors were on top of the volatile pricing of BTC on a daily basis, so that everything is priced fairly. So then, what incentive do vendors have to accept payment in BTC when it's more convenient for both parties to just exchange in USD?
@_date: 2011-06-04 10:50:32
No, my point is that it's another reason why the mainstream will be reluctant to adopt BTC. I personally think BTC is superior to its current alternatives, but the public at large will be told differently.
@_date: 2011-06-04 11:36:59
Yeah, and I'd like to see the bewildered look on the face of your average guy on the street when you explain "fiat money" to them. You're overestimating the intelligence of most people. They're more likely to believe a negative ad campaign, sponsored by millions of lobbyist dollars, than sensible logic.
@_date: 2011-06-04 13:45:46
If the currency actually succeeds, reaching a peak that remains stable, then yeah.
But if not, then Bitcoin is a classic example of a Ponzi scheme.
@_date: 2011-06-04 11:55:05
1. 1/10 equals the 10% I was referring to in the original post. I was not referring to BTC value; I was referring to the mere number of Bitcoins in theoretical supply. Even considering that some Bitcoins were destroyed, how much larger is that percentage going to be? Not very much.
2. By volume I assumed you meant the volume of BTC supply. But I reiterate, the increase in demand is not proportionate to the increase in supply, which suggests that the price increase is artificial, not at an equilibrium point. I am referring to S&amp;D curves, so a background in Introductory Economics may be necessary for you to grasp fully.
3. It's somewhere close to $100 million. I'd say the same thing about BTC if the market cap right now was $50 million. I do not think that the exchange of largely underground goods can account for anything over a several million.
4. Refer to 
@_date: 2011-06-04 10:15:35
This is another reason why I think that Bitcoin is overvalued. It will never be adopted into the mainstream when it has a reputation for being the currency of criminals. Imagine what the ad campaigns against Bitcoin would be like, if Bitcoin ever develops the monetary leverage against a government-issued currency.
@_date: 2011-06-04 14:02:39
You'd be better off spending the USD, since USD's value is falling whereas BTC's is rising.
In addition, unless the pricing of the good was current (meaning it was put on the market in the past hour or so, with the proper exchange rate in mind) then you're likely paying more than you have to, if you pay in BTC. It might make sense if you're paying a small fraction of a BTC for the good, but even then, it's more sensible to just spend the dollars, given BTC's continued rise in price.
@_date: 2011-06-04 11:28:50
No, I don't.
The USD as a currency is historically well-established. The BTC is not. In order for the BTC to overcome that barrier, they are going to need to beat the negative publicity against it, in addition to all the other things against it like price volatility.
@_date: 2011-06-05 00:20:32


I'm happy to know that you are more qualified to speak on the matter than most economists. I suppose all those economics degrees are worthless when anyone could just read a dictionary definition and instantly know more about economics.
@_date: 2011-06-04 11:23:09
This is an interesting point.
But what do you think people will spend their Bitcoins on after the price volatility has settled? These are people that had invested hundreds to thousands of dollars into this currency, the speculators that had been driving the price up so high. During the long stage of intense price volatility, businesses had been reluctant to adopt BTC as a form of payment. Let's say a year from now, the BTC price is constant, but one BTC is equal to $100. What goods can the average investor spend their hundreds of dollars on, when there aren't many vendors selling big value items for BTC?
What would ensue is panic and people withdrawing their money from BTC, driving the price back way down. It would lose credibility, and after the crash, speculators might put in some money again which would again contribute to its lack of credibility as a stable currency.
I think the way for the price to even out to the actual value would be if there were a lot more (and I mean *a lot*... enough to justify a $100 million economy, unlike now) of merchants who were offering BTC as a form of payment, so that once the BTC has become stable, it is a liquid currency. BTC as a highly-valued currency is very illiquid and thus does not serve its function as currency very well.
@_date: 2011-06-04 23:47:25
I did not imply that 1 BTC is not divisible into many decimal places. Splitting up a BTC does not solve the problem if there aren't enough merchants accepting BTCs. A huge part (it's theoretically 80-90% at current market value) of BTCs remain illiquid.
I don't think there will ever be enough merchants to make BTC a liquid currency at its current value, for the reasons stated in my post. Once the BTC price has been corrected, i.e. driven way back down, there will be incentive for merchants to accept BTC. But like you said, speculation at this high a price is essentially gambling. An unknown, startup merchant will be willing to try to cash in on that bet, but you can expect the larger, well-established ones won't.
@_date: 2011-06-04 13:52:37
Read the Bitcoin FAQ, even the wiki admits that Bitcoin is deflationary.
If BTC were inflationary, then the purchasing power of a BTC would be low. That's not the case at all, since one BTC can buy you 16 USD when a month ago, it could only buy half as much.
@_date: 2011-06-05 00:14:45




Pick one.