@_author: m3gan0sh
@_date: 2017-12-12 19:32:31
Nice post I agree with almost everything, my only gripe is I'm not convinced the left should ease off the investigation of collusion, if anything it may (probably will) uncover other ubiquitously shady/illegal dealings by the Trumps. I'll admit I want him out of office in as 'orange jumpsuit' of a manner as possible, so there's a personal bias. 
You're right to say the left has excuses for blocking progress that people actually want and by a large majority they want it. The right is demonstrably worse for the country (world, climate change) and further in the pocket of the worst people in the world (Koch's, Walton's... et al)
It's all about the money, if you follow it you see that most of D.C. has dirt on them. So, we should pull a Ghandi, MLK, or Thoreau and disobey the government. How? We could stop paying federal taxes. We could all take our savings out of circulation. We could boycott the financial sector completely. Any of these things must be done in great enough numbers to create change, and they require sacrifice for the good of humanity. We can't fight the military, but if you change enough minds, change enough opinions then the guns literally change sides in the conflict. There can be revolution without a shot fired, history gives us example of these drastic changes in governance occurring because the soldiers would no longer follow the orders of their despotic and violent employers.
Bitcoin is progress, and is extremely dangerous to the 'masters of the financial universe' because they can't control it or manipulate it. Yet. They're certainly trying. 
At the very least keep talking about the atrocities enacted by the United States government: the prison industrial complex, the military industrial complex, the union busting, the health insurance system that kills people or bankrupts them for profit, the education costs that bankrupt or impoverish families and individuals for profit, the plague of high interest private loans that bankrupt of impoverish people, etc.
