@_author: m4rshm4llow
@_date: 2017-12-09 13:42:50
RemindMe! 3 days
@_date: 2017-12-10 20:21:54
I guess were really on the same page.
I love to help anyone learn about bitcoin. The right path is probably not to just calm them but to stir them towards education such that they are able to see a fuller picture that leads to less panic. I know self education can be painful to some but in the end it is worth it.
It's kind of sad that the new ones land here while the nutrient rich content has moved to They just see the price circle jerk. The same circle jerk that gives me the feeling that the actual bitcoin fans (the fans of the tech, not the money) are pushed out by those that solely ride the price rollercoster. Then a disaster happens and they make warning posts from hindsight. Such posts are a good thing in theory but we already had too many examples, so much data available that could have prevented it all along, no hindsight required. This is probably what made me appear bitter about it. And also worried, uninformed people open up the attack surface for FUD in a propaganda rich environment.
As long as someone has initiated their learning process after/before/while they buy coins it's all good.
@_date: 2017-12-09 21:59:30
Maybe you should invest a little time in understanding the technology. Bitcoin is not a playground and it tends to punish stupid actions very hard. This is a good thing, I hope you learned your lesson. There is way more to bitcoin than a cash-grab opportunity.
Learning how this revolutionary piece of tech works is an investment in yourself.
Also: How the fuck did this look like a big crash? Bitcoin right now is 100% up compared to 30 days ago. Does that look like a crash?
@_date: 2017-12-10 01:20:09
Then my early adopter reward is not quite as high anymore, it does not matter that much as long as the tech succeeds.
But you have a point if you address the newcomers. There are so many that have no idea how bitcoin works or what they are doing. They are the main attack surface of the FUD. They really do speculate rather than invest.
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:37:39
I switched after an update on android made the app crash on startup for most users. They did fix it after a few days, but it really scared me (although I knew I could still use my seed). I now have a LNS and a keep small amounts on Samourai wallet on my phone.
@_date: 2017-12-10 00:59:27
There are still people that are in it for the tech. The new ones seem to forget that sometimes. It's an investment in revolutionary technology. It's only speculating if you are in it for the money.
@_date: 2017-12-09 21:52:53
If you care about ideology slushpool is your best bet, they stood up for the right values when it was neccessary. Economically is is probably not you best bet.
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:55:51
Yeah, you are right. But people should know that we are all still early adopters, processes are not streamlined and the politics are heating up. If you can't navigate the propaganda and evaluate the technical developments your investment is at a greater risk than the investment of the more knowledgeable adopters.
You adopt early, you don't miss out, but do your due diligence.
I've seen to many posts about people losing their money because their operational security sucks (from MtGox to mobile wallets without having written down the seed). I have seen to many posts of people that lost much of their money when selling BTC for Bcash during the attack. They get maimed by the rough environment of early adoption.
@_date: 2017-12-08 11:26:20
Yes, there was no real danger at any time. It's also not that feasible for most people to buy a hardware wallet for 80 bucks or more to hold under 200$ worth of BTC. Also mobile apps will be necessary for day to day use.
My point was that it's a really bad feeling to be denied access to your money for an unknown period of time. That's exactly the thing bitcoin should prevent. There was no real communication as far as I know up until the bug was fixed. Sure bug happen to any developer but that one was really severe and they should have immediately rolled back the version.
Also, I do not know whether this has changed or not but they used to not allow for fee customisation, which makes them part of the fee problem to some degree. The casual endusers should not worry about fees, I agree, but Bitcoin is not at that stage yet. If you wan't to be in, you still have to be aware of some technicalities, at least at this point in time. I had wallets recommend 300sat/byte fees which I changed to 30sat/byte only to see a warning that the confirmation may take days or won't go through at all but it actually got confirmed in the next block.
Even if the app is slightly flawed, anything is better than to leave it on the exchange. To me the people in this thread that say Coinbase is fine are not part of the community. They just ride the money wave, for which they only need security which Coinbase provides with their ensurance. If they cared about the tech they would not even think about keeping their decentralised user-empowering currency on centralised exchange that promoted hostile actions against BTC.
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:05:50
Is it so hard to see that the price it dropped to is the price from literally days ago? There are also so many that just want a piece of the cake and can't be bothered to do their research and learn about the technology they put their money in. At this point I am really happy that bitcoin tends to punish idiotic behavior quite harshly.
I mean is it too much too ask too just take a quick look at the price history to see that even a drop thrice as large would be reasonable to expect?
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:39:02
If you wait for a bigger drop I think the probability that the next drop is not as deep as today's price is quite high. In my experience the price should have dropped way deeper than it did right now, but I would still buy coins today. In a few month it won't matter that much anymore at what price you bought.
Check out the books from Andreas Antonopoulos. He has one aimed at programmers or generally technical people and one for more casual people. This video is also really good: 
You can also read an annotated version of the original bitcoin whitepaper here:  (it is really not that difficult to understand, even without annotations, you do not have to be a cryptography expert to understand it)
@_date: 2017-11-12 16:47:22
Sorry, I can't get over his wallpaper...
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:57:59
ELI5?