@_author: machineryoffreedom
@_date: 2019-08-02 09:26:58
The system is as decentralized as a web of trust. The point about trust managers is unclear so it is hard to address without clarification. What trust managers?
Posibility of transfer of identity is inevitable consequence of having pseudonomity. The only way to prevent it is to use multisig arrangements tied to physical identity to prevent transfer but that must be optional, not mandatory since anything tied to physical identity must have a centralized authority.
note: This is not a "trust on first use" system. This is merely an improvement on a system of the "web of trust" allowing pseudonymous trust and attaching it to a decentralized public key server.
@_date: 2019-08-01 14:39:41
The only mechanism is to make it expensive to create multiple identities by requiring the use of scarce resources to establish an identifier and then make the ownership of that identifier a source of continuous cost (think of it like proof of work but instead of preventing chain forking you are preventing identity forking on a per identity basis by making only an identity with necessary minimum amount of shares a net value gain but any additional shares or identities are a net value loss). To do this there has to be a way to sink the cost (defense fund) and there must be an already useable established currency (bitcoin - shares are not used as a currency, the minimum amount is stuck to an identity and the rest take a year to transfer which is an additional cost and used for securing the blockchain). After that you attach the web of trust to that system of identities and offload verifying trust in a large group of participants to separate organizations (Nomiks).
So basically, you measure initial trustworthiness by looking at:
a) age of the identity
b) number of shares owned (they have a cost and you cannot sell the required minimum amount so that value is sunk into the identity)
c) money sunk into the network (social rules such as the defense fund that require identities to pay a network fee per identity, which makes it expensive to have more than one identity, and per share, which sinks value continuously into the identity and also prevents hoarding which is a nice bonus for security of the blockchain itself).
d) look at membership of the identity in identity groups (Nomiks) that pool their reputation and certify their members.
e) look for criminal record (any arbitrations where that identity was found responsible for a loss and did not pay restitution)
Keep in mind that all of this is done off-chain. The blockchain itself is only a decentralized public key server giving a unique identifier so that the identity can change keys for security reasons (also the ability to sell or use an old identity to certify another provides incentives against exit scams that are common in darknet markets).