@_author: machinesmith
@_date: 2014-12-03 19:39:20
This is so relevant! I try to sing praise for bitcoin where I am however whenever I do, the same question keeps popping up - "and how do we change this bitcoin to a currency we can use?" 
That's where I'm currently stuck - I don't know. My people (at least the ones I keep harping to) are more than happy to jump onto this bandwagon since there are tons of restrictions otherwise (for example paypal only allows us to send money, not receive it). 
So I guess its a valid question - if I had bitcoin (or any *coin) how'd I go about cashing it if I needed to? Especially considering where I am, Hello from Sri Lanka btw! 
@_date: 2015-07-14 21:03:45


What you're not explaining is how, historically and generally, The current (and former) soviet regions nurture things like programming and Maths in children. 
To shed some light on 's question: A Solid, unflinching, education system which encourages and ingrains Math education from the 5th Grade onwards which ties in closely with Programming. There are [Math Circles]( Where things like discrete math, combinatorics, algebra, complex numbers and so on are just some of the things the average 12 year old will learn. Even if you aren't a fan of a subject you'll find things like the [Science Olympics]( (site in Russian) so that you'll participate for the thrill of competition while inadvertently learning.  
As for WHY its big, This *PROBABLY* stems from a history where if you were bright and wanted to pick something to study, you couldn't, because it was banned - what was left then to stimulate your brain was Maths and Physics, so as time waned on you see how it became the norm!
Relevant Links which I used for my info:
1.  
2. 
edit: just so its clear, I'm not saying Mr. Proper is from Russia itself, but the regions around it also follow a similar pattern of education when it comes to  Math, Physics, Programming etc. 
@_date: 2015-02-07 12:37:22
Hi! is This Canada only? Like if I'm in Egypt and have a visa card from there (issued from the Bank of Egypt which also starts with a 4, which is what I thought all Visa cards started with) will I be able to use this? 
@_date: 2015-02-07 15:17:25
Well... if you need a beta tester... o/
@_date: 2013-12-11 09:33:35
W.T.F. Talking about a (technically, if not widely) ACCEPTED currency form isn't age appropriate? Dude seriously, I hope you have supportive parents, they already KNOW about bitcoin mining so get them involved. 
I only WISH I could have written about something I truly know - in my day it was all about the and I KNEW no one would understand except me (hell people STILL dont know of it, so its NOTHING like bitcoin which has blasted into popularity as of recent). 