@_author: machinbidule
@_date: 2017-12-15 15:22:53
Hi - and thank you so much for giving to the SENS Research Foundation!
I have three other suggestions:
* Donating for research to regenerate the teeth
*Billions* of humans are affected by cavities, decaying teeth, and other gum problems. It's a universal problem which can only benefit from more research, fueled by charitable funding.
Every single one of us will be affected at some point in our live. We are so scared of going to the dentist since childhood - and it doesn't ever stop. And not even having a good hygiena will save you from losing your teeth when you're old.
Imagine if we could regenerate enamel, regenerate gum, regrow teeth. Billions of people would be relieved, and billions of dollars in healthcare costs would be saved. 
Unfortunately I don't know of an charity which distributes grants for dental research, but some googling showed me institutes which seem to undergo promising research:
KCL: 
(seems a bit difficult to reach them through  though)
Tufts: 
So, I don't know if you have issues with teeth, but I kindly urge you to look into that - because I and billions of others would be so glad for advances in dentistry!
* Donating for research against tinnitus
Tinnitus is ringing in the ears which affect many millions around the world and causes a lot of sorrow: 
The American Tinnitus Association (ATA) is the biggest patient association in this regard, and importantly, it funds research towards a cure.
I have contacted them and suggested they fill your form.
* Donating for research against hyperacusis
"Hyperacusis is a condition that causes a person to be unable to tolerate everyday noise levels without discomfort or pain.": 
Let me tell you from personal experience that this crap is often combined with tinnitus, and makes one's life many times more miserable.
Consider this: noise is absolutely everywhere in this world, so how can one live a decent life is even normal levels of noise are an issue? Answer: it's very hard, and when you're cursed with hyperacusis, you lose your life. Very limited job opportunities, can't have a decent gathering with friends and family, difficulties to travel, etc.
I have contacted Hyperacusis Research and suggested they fill your form.