@_author: machadodeassis
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:32:35
Well, it matters a bit: Files in your "documents/Pictures/Etc" folders and usually folders inside your "c:\user\justsandro" folder will be kept and files just laying around your C: drive will too. But if you have plugins installed in any application folder, they will be deleted.
It's going to be like you reinstalled your PC from scratch, there will be nothing installed but your files will be mostly there.
This link may give you a better view of what it does. 
Overall idea is: Backup everything that is dear to you and you want to keep. Buy a cheap hard drive or even a thumbdrive if you do not have much.
If you have partitions or other disks (like a D: drive) they will not be affected.
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:07:50
Looks like you got infected with a malware that is mining on your pc. 
Easy way out: if you are in windows 10,  use the "reset this PC" option. This will reinstall windows, remove installed software but keep your docs/pics/files.  You will need to reinstall all your software again (office, etc).
Best way out: go to a good computer repair shop and get it done by professionals.  Ask them to backup your files and reinstall windows. Provide install media if you bought it or if it came with your PC.
@_date: 2017-08-21 20:33:15
I know the feeling. I've worked with IT and computer repair for a long time. I've seen this situation over and over. But it's always learning experience.  Never trust software you don't know. Don't install things without researching and don't click random links, no matter if your mother sent them. 
Good luck.
@_date: 2017-08-21 20:22:37
You can delete those 2 driver files if you want. But your pc can still be compromised somehow. We don't know how you got it in the first place.
Safest thing is to reinstall Windows. Specially if you use it for banking/crypto.
Never trust a compromised windows. There are malware that can detect you copy pasting an crypto address and change it to another and you end up transferring to someone else, or there could be some sort of keylogger and it can get your password/private key.  So many things can go wrong.  
If you are in doubt, go to a professional. Don't risk your money. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 11:39:50
Glad to know you did it successfully. 
Just check your backups with an anti-virus/anti-malware to make sure nothing there is infected and enjoy your super fast system.
