@_author: machine_read
@_date: 2018-01-30 01:07:21
Good job!
@_date: 2018-01-22 08:31:58
I'm just going to leave this report here for everyone to see.  We still have a very long way to go!
@_date: 2018-01-16 22:38:28
NOT F*CKING SELLING!
@_date: 2018-01-22 08:33:52
"A Potential Multi-Trillion Dollar Opportunity
The $10tril Bull Case: While the Crypto-Currency space has many risks, the opportunity appears vast
with constant technology updates. With a rapid rise in prices we outline the bull case for building a
decentralized future: 1) A Secure World Computer: a decentralized world computer without a third-party
intermediary. If there is one positive technology item that we can agree on, it is that the Blockchain
has never been hacked. What happens if we build on top of this secure layer?; 2) Store of Value: this is
the most commonly cited use case for crypto currencies and the least interesting, in our view: offshore
accounts valued at an estimated ~$21 trillion and gold at $8 trillion; 3) International Remittance: the
sending of payments overseas estimated at half a trillion dollars per year; 4) “Fat Protocols”: ability to
own the protocol layer which increases in value as the applications grow – reverse model compared
to today’s environment; 5) Mining: computing power being used to secure the network through Proofof-Work
which is currently a multi-billion dollar market; and 6) Improved scaling: development efforts
(including Lightning Network) appear on track to deliver scaling that accommodates higher transactions/
second, ultimately driving higher utility and network value. Net Net: by utilizing decentralized computing
and opensource software, we see a multi-trillion dollar market emerging."
@_date: 2017-12-23 01:51:58
We are heading into a direction where the need for scaling is OBVIOUS and HAS BEEN OBVIOUS for some time now.  Companies like Steam/Valve literally swapped BTC for LTC and clearly BCH is growing for good reasons.  Although, I am in support of BTC we really need Lightning to hit ASAP.  We have many supporters of the very first cryptocurrency aka Bitcoin but we desperately need an update for change in order to grow on an utilitarian level.  Let us continue to believe in blockchain as a whole as we will progress into a new era; the era in which we grow from Internet of Information to Internet of Value.
@_date: 2017-12-23 01:44:06
To everyone who's joined in the last 2 months and are afraid...it won't be easy and there will be more corrections.  Do not invest if you are not willing to lose.  Do not think for one moment that blockchain will not be a part of the future cause it will very well damn be.  Lastly, be smart, read and do your research.
Money isn't always easy to make so prepare by having as much knowledge possible and at the end of the day the market can still crash.  Amazon went from $100+ down to $10 or less during the Internet bubble but you know what after a few years it bounced back and today it is hovering around $1000+.
Understanding the overall system of this new upcoming system has a lot to do with realizing that we are moving into a new era; Internet of Value aka Blockchain.
Blockchain will help us build bridges on an international level; economically and culturally.  We will find new ways to do business, new ways of understanding different parts of the world by actually investing our funds across the globe, and truly making our presence felt immediately.
Keep in mind at the end of the day whether or not you win - you tried.  
Buy on dips and keep hodling!