@_author: macieknitka
@_date: 2017-12-19 12:23:42
No dogs in shelters around you?
@_date: 2018-05-25 18:11:08


No my friend. I don't view untouched nature as god. 
It is interesting though, that you consider global warming, absurd levels of deforestation, oceans polluted with plastic - just to name few things - a desirable way to shape the planet.
What human needs exactly do those changes fulfill?
@_date: 2018-05-20 20:30:13
There is a point when you discover that what you call an individualist is actually a phase of growing up and realizing, that as a human being your interdependent on one and another. What you call a win-win is basically a cooperating society, that cares for the well being of a group. It is impossible not to give up bits of freedom and be a part of a group. It is wisdom to understand that giving this "freedom" up benefits both the group and an individual. Average Joe needs a group to have a sense of belonging and fulfillment and happiness that comes out of relationships. That is what human sciences tell us about happiness today.
Individualistic thought was a very important part of developing societies back when it started gaining momentum 2 or 3 hundred years ago. It still is important in quite many places in the world that haven't exactly yet caught up with the humanist perspective. But then we are going past that. We have never been more connected and being individualistic in the capitalist system is not a right direction. You may disagree with it, but rising inequality and demolished ecosystem says a different story. It has never been more important to say WE rather than I then it is today. And that of course in a respectful and acknowledging way that grants 
as much freedom and equality to the individuals forming the group.
I see Ayn Rand links. Well maybe you might want to catch up on the modern thought on the subject. Things have changed rapidly within last 50 years.
@_date: 2018-05-26 11:15:33
I have already mentioned few of the costs. And given you a Zeitgeist piece to read that would further elaborate on it.
Do you know how human caused global warming works?
@_date: 2018-05-20 13:41:16


Yes. You sacrifice some of your freedoms to be able to be a part of a society and benefit from this in a different way. 


Because individualism is a contradiction of collectivism. Unless everyone understands that being a part of a group is more beneficial than being by oneself for people. If individualistic needs perfectly align with group's needs, then both are the same and our discussion is pointless ;-)


We are many adjectives, which is the true nature of being a human.  You actually get to choose, especially in modern world. Be an individualist and live on your own. Or conform to be a part of a group and benefit from it. Be a killer on the other side of the globe, because your president said so, or be a nurse that will try to save them.
 


And then they create a group. Hello collectivism.
Capitalism is a very outdated and inefficient system btw.
@_date: 2018-05-26 12:15:09
Disagreeing with science doesnt make it go away.
The fact that you do so wont change the situation for farmers in middle east who have to relocate due to excessive droughts because your lifestyle needs a new iphone every half a year and cherish a system that thrives on such wastefulnes.
@_date: 2018-05-20 13:15:21
Where are you from?
@_date: 2018-05-21 07:06:45


An outdated system of exchange, that in today's world causes harm on global scale.
Stop for a second and think, if a system that uses only ONE benchmark - money - can be a good way to describe entire complexity of the world.


Oh yeah. But that is what I said about the individualistic though 200 or 300 years ago. That was one of the important things back then. Today we have new challenges.
But still. You can't do whatever you want. You can't go on a rampage killing other members of the group and expect no force attitude from the group.


Can I have a link to human science related studies that say that creating any values makes people happy?
@_date: 2018-05-25 19:30:01
I am aware of this.
I hope you are aware that the exponential growth we have experienced did come at certain cost. And that capitalist mentality is very bad at dealing with this cost as well as it made that cost vastly larger due to the poor allocation of those resources.
I am here not to advocate that history is bad. I am here to advocate that we should learn from history.
@_date: 2018-05-20 13:03:58
No. Collectivism is about understanding that if you wish to live in a group, you need to be ready to adjust and conform in certain aspects.
It is impossible to have a group of fully individualistic people create a society. 
And since we are a social species, it is a very obvious thing that you can't be fully individualistic. You have to conform if you wish to interact with other people.
What blockchain actually brings on the table is potential of removing individualistic attempts to gain more at the expense of others and the group by making certain aspects of our life fully transparent and unchangeable. A very good thing for a group's wellbeing.
@_date: 2018-05-26 11:40:28
That means that you don't understand how it works and what effects it has on humans already in different regions today and in the near future. 
You might wanna catch up on that. It's important if you at some point decide to look into the future rather then to the past.
@_date: 2019-08-06 08:02:18
Being a dick and dismissing other people like that won't help you in life.
@_date: 2019-08-06 09:04:31
Then don't comment.
I for example get tired of such dumb simplistic memes as the one that started the topic that have nothing to do with complex reality and aren't even comparing the same thing and don't necessarily rush to tell people they are stupid.
They guy you dismissed is right btw and LN doesn't change a bit.
BTC us way to difficult for an ordinary person. The number of ways you can get scammed is far to great to make this "unregulated heaven" viable for an ordinary Joe. Not mentioning my grandma.
@_date: 2019-08-06 10:01:56
You assume that everyone needs to be tech savvy which is a wrong assumption. And you are extremely arrogant. Arrogance is lack of humility. Lack of humility means you think you know everything and that you lack empathy. And anyone who thinks that is the one that shows signs of stupidity.
If you want to have people adopt crypto that's not the way to go.
The purpose of living in the society is to have each others back on different subjects. You can't be an expert in growing food, producing energy, making clothes, flying a plane. You have other people do that for you. Using BTC is not friendly or safe at all for mainstream.
Providing some level of financial safety for those who are also not so financially savvy and taking care that they are not being scammed is also a measure of how mature the society is and how takes care of the weak.
Luckily not everyone wants to live in the wild west that the many crypto fellows seem to love. And luckily there are countries in the world that realize that.
@_date: 2017-11-14 16:51:21
Confirmed. That is me. After 4 years in crypto i still do it like that.