@_author: mackintosch
@_date: 2017-12-28 18:51:26
In May 2016, the company rebranded the Coinbase Exchange, changing the name to Global Digital Asset Exchange (GDAX)
@_date: 2017-12-29 11:55:25
Regulators are starting to hear the crypto revolution horns, quick example from an article I read yesterday: [50 Shades Of Grey: What Bitcoiners Should Know About S.1241]( the article mentions Section 13 of the S.1241 bill which defines crypto as a monetary Instrument that could be subject to the Bank Secrecy Act, it's not money yet, but I feel like that is creeping on the horizon...
@_date: 2017-12-28 19:05:56


Oh believe me, me neither, but from the explanations I read online it seemed pretty straight forward...even to me


True, but I believe similar regulations exist for the EU, and wouldn't be surprised if they exist in Asia too...


Well the network isn't launched yet is it ? Once it starts catching on however, I do believe regulators will start seriously looking into it...
@_date: 2017-12-28 17:44:37
Been doing a lot of reading recently about LN, while it is true that LN hubs are not banks, one thing that is not yet sure is wether you would need a "money transmitter license" to run a  LN hub (FinCEN’s Regulations to Persons Administering, Exchanging, or Using Virtual Currencies)
Here are a couple articles I found helpful:
* [Bitcoin’s Lightning Network Will Likely Fail Due To Several Possible Reasons](
* [Lightning Network - A Puzzle With Missing Pieces](
I know the titles are pretty strong worded, but I believe the articles in themselves raise good questions and have strong sources &amp; documentation.
Since we are on the topic of the LN, what do you guys think about the fact that you still need a minimum of two transactions to establish and close your LN channels, one good point I found in one of those of articles (can't remember which one) was that this would mean that you need to anticipate how much money you will spend in a channel, making LN not a good solution for say buying your money on the go from some random coffee shop, now, a counter point you might raise is that: "that's fine, you don't need a direct channel to this random coffee shop, as long as you have an indirect LN channel to the coffee shop it is still possible to establish the LN transaction", which is true, but then again this would mean that all intermediary LN nodes would need to have enough funds, and wouldn't charge you much for your using them (otherwise this would render the whole transaction more expensive than say using VISA/Credit or just the base network), one other problem is that this	would result in	the rise of central hubs which would have dense	connectivity and lower charge, in this case we are back to a centralized system....
Anyhow I've been doing quite the reading lately, and I'm really interested in knowing what you guys think about all this...
@_date: 2017-12-28 18:36:08


Well the [Application of FinCEN's Regulations to Persons Administering, Exchanging, or Using Virtual Currencies]( seems pretty forward about it: 
*    “…applicability of the regulations … to persons creating, obtaining, distributing, exchanging, accepting, or transmitting virtual currencies.”
*    “…an administrator or exchanger is an MSB under FinCEN’s regulations, specifically, a money transmitter…”
*    “An administrator or exchanger that (1) accepts and transmits a convertible virtual currency or (2) buys or sells convertible virtual currency for any reason is a money transmitter under FinCEN’s regulations…”
*    “FinCEN’s regulations define the term “money transmitter” as a person that provides money transmission services, or any other person engaged in the transfer of funds. The term “money transmission services” means “the acceptance of currency, funds, or other value that substitutes for currency from one person and the transmission of currency, funds, or other value that substitutes for currency to another location or person by any means.””


I fail to see how this would lead to something else than the rise of large hubs with dense connectivity to the network that could charge less for your LN transactions...
@_date: 2017-12-29 11:49:51
I agree, I mentioned it either in my post or in a comment but if this centralization actually ends up happening, we would still be better of compared to the fiat system, the problems I can think of that can result from such centralisation however are censorship &amp; lack of privacy...
@_date: 2017-12-29 15:13:35
@_date: 2017-12-28 19:02:20
The author of which article ? Would you mind explaining what exactly he is lacking and what it is you disagree on with him ?
@_date: 2017-12-28 18:41:52
That's kind of the conclusion I got to...The hubs will not be banks per say, but large hubs with larger connectivity and lower price would appear and only large institutions that would afford to pay for the infrastructures and probable licensing fees would run them, these would probably be banks as you say, maybe some conglomerate like VISA...resulting in a centralised system, just like the one Bitcoin is supposed to remedy to...it won't be as bad as the current banking system, but could carry a lot of its issues (censorship is the first thing that comes to my mind)
@_date: 2017-12-28 18:05:43
Nobody has a crystal ball for sure, but that shouldn't stop us from discussing the technology and weed out false information :)
@_date: 2017-10-31 22:18:33
glad to see I wasn't being too paranoid about their team :)
what made you choose samurai specifically ? what was your personal experience with it ? I haven't really looked much into it to be honest...
@_date: 2017-10-31 22:16:41
well the thing is I am not sure how mycelium backs up its private key, and don't think its 12 words seed scheme is something you can use in an other wallet...