@_author: macon-bacon
@_date: 2014-02-24 01:15:55
The only real real issue I have with Bitcoin is that the distribution of wealth is even more skewed (proportionally) toward the wealthy. The french revolution was a horrible thing, but at-least it took economic control from the borgeoisie and paved the way for democracies. This would be much more difficult with Bitcoin, but something like 29% of all Bitcoins are controlled by 47 people. If even a few of them got together, they could corner the market and manipulate the value of Bitcoin for their own gain. Everything else seems to be too good to be true, but this issue will be difficult to fix.
@_date: 2014-06-06 18:02:29
is a trying to take the Bitcoin protocol a step further, and turn it into a method of enforcing any arbitrary contract. This could be even a step closer that Bitcoin to a decentralized system of governance. We don't need government for currency, and soon we will be able to make agreements with others without relying on a legal system to enforce those agreements.
Maybe someday everything will be enforced by a block chain, and government will be redundant!
@_date: 2014-05-21 22:04:08
Bitcoin is only the beginning. Parts of the article sounds almost like he is hinting at something like Ethereum.
One of the big innovations of Bitcoin was finding a solution to the [2 generals problem]( This allows 2 people, or even 2 million people, to come to a consensus. This is what the block chain is built on. Ethereum is taking this one step further, by taking Bitcoin's code and building a Turing complete programming language on those principles. It's all rather complex, but it is basically a decentralized platform for digital contracts:
* A credit card forces businesses to trust that their clients won't retract their payment after the fact, and forces us to trust that the business won't add additional charges later or accidentally leek our credit card number with anyone.
* Bitcoin eliminates this need for trust, since every transaction must be accepted by the entire block chain. Unfortunately, we still have to trust things like exchanges if we want to use them.
* Ethereum generalizes this trust beyond just simple financial transactions. If you buy something online via Bitcoin, for example, trust is required. If the seller ships before you pay, he’s risking a loss, but if you pay before receiving the part, you risk receiving nothing or receiving a flawed part. It’s the two general’s problem all over again. Why not generalize the Bitcoin code to solve this trust issue too? Why not generalize it to be able to fix any arbitrary trust requirement? That’s exactly what Ethereum is aiming to do. Imagine all the buyer insurance and returns policies that companies like eBay and Amazon use, but written in code on the Ethereum blockchain, and enforced automatically by the code. Or imagine both a buyer and a seller putting up money as collateral if they don’t follow thru on their end. Once both parties are satisfied, the collateral funds are returned to their wallets. Imagine a thousand different payment options, with all directly between the buyer and seller. /r/Ethereum