@_author: mactac
@_date: 2018-01-10 02:24:58
I'm having the exact same problem.  I sent a message to support &amp; no answer.  I feel the same way - site seems broken, makes me nervous to deposit my funds.  What happens if the screen to withdraw crashes the same way &amp; I can never get my money out?
Did you ever get it sorted?  
@_date: 2018-01-10 16:34:18
The idea of using GDAX is the zero fees to and from coinbase, and zero withdrawal fees.   Yesterday I moved BTC from nicehash-&gt;coinbase-&gt;GDAX-&gt;my private wallet with literally zero fees.
   
@_date: 2018-01-11 19:10:06
Oh man, yes I'd be wary too.   Did you do all your ID verification?
@_date: 2018-01-11 23:51:26
Probably the ETH transaction fee (i.e. mining fee), not from the exchange.  transactions cost money.  Bitcoin is the worst, you can pay a $20 fee on a $50 transaction sometimes.
@_date: 2018-01-09 20:29:15
There is still an ROI off ebay units.  Not being able to buy one from bitmain because they sell out in 2 minutes, so getting one at an inflated price is not "dumb".  Plus, they presale 2-3 months in advance.  Waiting 3 months to buy one waiting for a good deal &amp; missing out on the opportunity costs would be more "dumb" in my mind.    
I bought a unit from ebay &amp; have already made most of my cost back, before other people have even received their new units from Bitmain.   Plus, when they finally get theirs, the difficulty will be (much) higher.  Who is dumb here?
@_date: 2018-01-11 15:59:59
Yes, I still don't have access to settings. I had to verify my ID to be able to deposit/withdraw.   I did it with the coinbase ios app. 
I can't remember what the limit showed initially, sorry.  Have you actually deposited anything yet?  Perhaps if you've already verified your ID, the limit shows $0 because you don't have anything in there yet?
@_date: 2018-04-13 02:50:56
Crossposting my comment from another thread where this was posted:
All right, my experience with them has concluded.
I got an offer from them that I thought was too low.   I told them why I thought so.  I got a minimally larger offer, which I also thought was too low, and declined.
I was unhappy as a whole with the process because:
Their offer was lower than I wanted, but my expectations were higher.  They would do much better telling people upfront that their offers would be lower than expected - it would save hassle/annoyance/etc,.   Expectations were not properly set.  
This is compounded because:
- I have to pay shipping, which makes a low offer even worse
- They only pay after I have already shipped them the miners, which already gives me pause in dealing with them.
All in all, low offer+uncertainty+have to pay for shipping=not worth it.
I can see that it would work if you literally have "junk" (but really what are they going to give you in terms of cash?, but when you can simply throw the item up on ebay &amp; get much more for it, plus it would be much more secure, plus the buyer would pay for shipping,  I'm not sure what space this business is looking to serve as I cannot see it being better than the alternatives.
A business needs to be better than the competition at *something* to work, especially a startup.  I cannot see what their competitive value proposition is really.
That all being said, they were very polite and professional in my communications with them.
I wish I could have completed some sort of deal with them to be able to describe how well the actual process worked, and I was willing to take a bit of a hit vs ebay just to make that happen, but it wasn't even close, so it was a wash.
