@_author: madchens123
@_date: 2018-05-14 04:44:36
While I think this sentiment is cool I just don't see it. People said the same thing about nerds taking over the world with software and computers. Google, Microsoft, Facebook, etc took over and consolidated into little mini fiefdoms for their industry.
@_date: 2018-05-10 19:12:40
This is misleading. The banking system built on greed and pushing it to the outermost limits and nearly crashing the economy to then have taxpayers pay the bill is my gripe. Bitcoin being decentralized is what is important to me. Arguing this point doesn't make a lot of sense. I have a bank account and am not charged for any of these things. I love Bitcoin and what it represents as much as the next guy but this argument makes very little sense as a selling point. 
@_date: 2018-05-10 19:41:46
Not arguing validity of article or whether it will disrupt every verticle. Was simply answering what verticle meant. Apologies if I missed the sarcasm. 
@_date: 2018-05-10 19:05:58
Vertical is industry. Like in Sales at an organization they will break it up by vertical. Meaning: manufacturing, pharma, etc
@_date: 2018-05-18 15:27:24
It is fascinating, Bitcoin was created in part because of the traditional finance industry.  The industry was corrupt, unscrupulous, greedy and down right dirty.  Now we have people from that industry moving into Bitcoin to try and take advantage.  Although this guy sort of hints at "I am not in this for the money", I find that hard to believe seeing as he was in the finance sector until 2016.
I don't know whether to laugh or cry at this article.  On one hand, it is good that more people are moving into the space but on the other I am not sure these are the type of people I want in the space.  We are in a weird place with Bitcoin and it's adoption right now. Perhaps this guy is right and if more start\-ups moved into the space to create sub\-businesses we will see growth.
Overall, I am not even sure what to think about this article.
@_date: 2018-05-29 23:29:28
Why does everything have to be so black and white in crypto?
Things do not need to be mutually exclusive all the time.  You can support Bitcoin AND Ethereum, support just one or you can support neither.  These ideas that there can only be one supreme power in crypto is exhausting and doesn't help push it forward.  The technologies have their own merits.  One does not have to choose one over the other thats the beauty of a free and open source technology.
@_date: 2018-05-18 16:03:29
"Obvious", it is obvious in hindsight but people didn't realize it was a bubble at the time.  It is easy to look back at history and say "OMG, it was soooo obvious that [pets.com]( wouldn't work and we were in a bubble".  Except, at the time, people don't recognize it as a bubble hence a bubble being called "irrational exuberance".
Also, we aren't there yet with Bitcoin.  There are far too many people calling it a bubble, its too speculative, it will never work, etc to call it a bubble.  We aren't even in the full adoption phase yet.
@_date: 2018-06-03 18:33:09
It is not unethical. What they are going to do is work with an outside agency or internally vet/review ads to see if they are scams. Look what they did with Alcohol and Drug treatment facilities. They banned advertising of them because people were essentially running scams and preying on people advertising "Treatment Facilities" that were really just someone's house and they would have drug dealers stop in, not properly care for patients, etc. If you look they have hired an outside agency to vet these treatment facilities and then Google will allow them to advertise again. 
It actually makes a lot of sense and I agree with the decision. So many people potentially could be ripped off by some scammer via Google AdWords who are new to crypto. That would be a bad thing and would prevent the forward momentum of crypto in the mainstream. 