@_author: madguitarist63
@_date: 2018-01-24 17:13:50
I do not think digital currencies require complete anonymity to be successful. The real power lies in the fact the currency and its supply can't be manipulated by large banks and gov't agencies. It eliminates middle man banks who have historically gambled with customers money and then asked the public to pay for their shady accounting practices. 
If you really want anonymity, the fiat USD offers more anonymity as there is no public ledger for me handing someone $100. Just like crypto, there will be no way for me to take in any large sum of money and try using it without there being a trail. While anonymity sounds great, the bigger positive side is the ability to quickly and cheaply trade with other countries/fiat currencies without the need of an intermediary, and the decentralization removes the power from the few very large wealthy bankers to the community which, theoretically, can limit manipulation and corruption. The loss of trust in current gov'ts and banks ability to properly manage the countries currencies will be a bigger driver for adoption world wide than anonymity. As more and more people are catching on to the fact that as we've become more productive as a society, the value of our production is diminishing and the gains are being concentrated at the top. This has a lot to do with the policies around currencies and how their supply works.
@_date: 2018-01-24 00:54:50
Thanks for the clarification. Not the way it read (which was probably the way I read the word choice prior to the bed regulation comment). Either way, my bad for the "over the top" assumption.
I still think that's not true. Fair, limited regulation for consumer protection is needed in the wild wild west of Crypto. If not, when the good projects start to show utility, it only a matter of time before you end up with an Enron type situation. The projects are run by teams that control the information and its flow. Right now, teams can lie about anything and there are no consequences. That's not a healthy market. 
It is too early to put in any major regulations. However, basics like South Korea just started (proof of identity) are a good start. Eventually, if we ever want Crypto to be seriously used by masses, we have to come up with ways to eliminate the bad apples. They will ruin it for all. Trust can be easily lost, but is hard to gain
@_date: 2018-01-23 00:48:12
So the regulation that told companies they couldn't hire 12yr old child and work them 12 hours a day is a bad regulation? That's a fallacy. Smart consumers would get duped by companies for profits. Lets just all go back breathing asbestos brakes and painting with led! Because regulation is always so bad