@_author: madmaxxy
@_date: 2018-01-13 23:30:09
They took a 2.3 btc win from me about 14 months ago because I bet over the amount that I was supposed to with a bonus active on somewhere around 150 spins. I did not win big on these spins, it was just their excuse not to pay out. Deposited .4 btc at the time and forgot to turn the bonus off. Won big early then continued playing until I could withdraw my funds after bonus was finished. Tried to cash out 2.7 btc then they confiscated 2.3 btc and left my initial deposit of .4. I immediately took that out and haven't deposited since. 
They knowingly allow you to bet over the amount allowed just so you violate their bonus terms and confiscate your winnings. 
I haven't deposited there since and from what I've heard they changed it to where you can't bet over a certain amount with a bonus active now.
@_date: 2018-01-13 23:29:30
They took a 2.3 btc win from me about 14 months ago because I bet over the amount that I was supposed to with a bonus active on somewhere around 150 spins. I did not win big on these spins, it was just their excuse not to pay out. Deposited .4 btc at the time and forgot to turn the bonus off. Won big early then continued playing until I could withdraw my funds after bonus was finished. Tried to cash out 2.7 btc then they confiscated 2.3 btc and left my initial deposit of .4. I immediately took that out and haven't been back since. They knowingly allow you to bet over the amount allowed just so you violate their bonus terms and confiscate your winnings. 
I haven't deposited there since and from what I've heard they changed it to where you can't bet over a certain amount with a bonus active now.
@_date: 2016-09-20 14:11:28
Well after just talking to customer service. They took my 2.7 btc out of my account because I bet over .025 197 times out of the thousands I rolled. I initially started with a total of 3 deposits for a total of .7 btc. I was then able to run that up to a little over 3.7 btc.  I then proceeded to play through the 40x bonus so I would be able to cashout. I ended up with a total of 2.7 when I was ready to cash out. I go to cashout, and that is when I get an email that I breached their terms of service and that they would be confiscating my funds. Their software shouldn't even allow a bet to go through that breaches their terms of service.  The feeling is kind of sickening and makes you feel like you've been stolen from.  Make sure that you disable bonuses if you are going to use the site or that you only bet small amounts if you use the bonus. It's seems like a terrible business model to take a players entire balance for just using their software as intended.