@_author: madseaturtle
@_date: 2018-01-28 22:48:39
Did this guy really get banned? 
@_date: 2018-01-20 14:51:03
i did and now its half that lol
@_date: 2018-01-28 22:45:41


Wait. How can a recipient receive a LN payment without opening a LN channel unless they use a third party service that pays out the BTC in batches through on chain transac? 
As below. They need to open one.
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:30:35
it's fckng childdish and stupid. No common sense and actual discussions. The top post should be, scaling, fees, adoption, and user friendliness. not fucking memes ! 
Off these post are made daily but mods censor and remove everything! It creates dissent and brain drains the sub, people just move their experience knowledge and energy elsewhere. 
It's so sad.
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:56:02
Buy asap and keep buying especially if the price goes lower. As above, dollar average but think for yourself. Just never sell when prices are low. Only after extreme ath peaks and rebuy 10-15 % lower
@_date: 2019-08-17 12:26:56
@_date: 2019-02-11 18:29:11
It doesn't matter what the price is. 
What matters is how much it can increase or decrease.  
@_date: 2017-11-13 20:01:33


I do not disagree. But still, there clearly is a preference for one side benefitting over the other. Practically there is no reason to deny short term relief and at the same time work on long term solutions. My dissonance comes from the fact that true intentions are not revealed. Bigger blocks or not doesn't really seem like a technical questions people are arguing for anymore, but in reality just power, either for miners, core, etc. 
As a beta tester, I want to know who I am getting fucked by ;) Love the fact no one is addressing ownership in block stream. I thought bitcoin was to be loved, now it's just money being corrupted ?
Great stuff man! 
@_date: 2017-11-13 18:44:02
Thanks, good stuff. 


Sounds weak. High fees aren't justified by high demand, but if they are explained by lack of technological progress then alright, but is that really the case? I still haven't read a truly logical and satisfying argument for why bigger blocks are not the solution until a better one comes along. There's doesn't seem to be a magical difference between 1 or 2 MB blocks, saying that 2MB isn't a long term solution isn't good enough a reason not to opt for it? It doesn't seem it would hurt actually the network, so logically the reasons to push for either has something to do with the benefits in the long run. As /SpeedflyChris points out block stream benefits from the higher fees and miners from the bigger blocks. 
As a user, this turns me off. The high fees to send transactions are completely unaligned with the point of digital currencies, the need for private third parties requires additional thrust which should never necessary in such situations. 


I've heard this justification before and it scares me, sounds like a compromise or the choosing a "necessary" evil. I'm not saying it is, but that argument just doesn't hold up to any logic. Sure other companies could, but can they really? It doesn't seem like there ever was a choice? Giving that power away to block stream because other entities could be more corrupted sounds fuckey. Especially when Blockstream is partially owned by DGC with direct ties to big bankers and MasterCard. The lack of clarity in these things are disturbing. 
People screaming shill FUD moon lambo jumbo. Jesus christ man. Respect to you for actually discussing things and promoting understanding in the community !
@_date: 2017-11-13 13:54:49
I'll only bother to say this one more time. Please refrain from shitposting and only stick to actual facts. If you do not actually understand any of the technicalities please refrain from cluttering the boards with nonsense. Then maybe people woulnd't actually need to repost the same questions over and over again. 
@_date: 2017-11-13 16:42:54
I'm trying my best to read and these are the questions I've found that bother me ans they're not being addressed. No sticky with information, /bitcoins is just mostly memes and /btc  victim mentality. It is sad to see that the main communities are toxic and unhelpful. Not even a sticky on the forks ? Being right by bullying and surpressing information is just sad. Obviously bitcoin segwit LN are all complicated things. What , how and why are made unclear by conflicting forces of political, economical, technical and social interests. Why not help out ? What's the point of forums if not helping eachother?
@_date: 2017-11-13 19:19:32


Is there any proof and who are these people? I've made out Bitcoin Core, Blockstream, Bitcoin Cash, Miners and Corps/Govs as mayor points of diverging interests and actual power. You are all pointing at each other as the baddies. In truth, all the parties just want more money and control. I'm just figuring out why and how these parties are trying to achieve it. 
@_date: 2017-11-13 13:19:51
These are real questions and concerns that I have and people have and they should be adressed by clear factual answers. You do bitcoin a great disservice throwing shit around. The question is simple. Is it possible to activate such functions (reversible or cancellable transactions) on the bitcoin network (the unconfirmed transactions)? If yes, then people will try to do so. It would be a vital feature for govs, banks, corps and intelligence agencies. If it is possible they would do everything in their power to pursue these feautures. So, if you do have knowledge, try your best to explain. You are saying that only uncorfirmed transactions are reversible, but that doesn't really remove the treath that such a feature entails at all. Say I'm a person the FBI dislikes, they would basically be able to stop all transactions to and from me. The question would then be what are the pros and cons for such a feature, and if they can be justified, if not, then clearly the intentions behind such implementations are fucky. ;) Drop the conspiracy bs. People are driven mostly by self-interest, bitcoin isn't going to be free from corruption either. Let's just understand what is really going on without feelings of attachment. 