@_author: madtownbuffalo
@_date: 2013-11-22 18:45:53
A potential scenario: The benefit to the consumer will come by way of "rewards," similar to how the credit card companies reward their users today. If a company such as BitPay charges a merchant 1-2% per transaction, they'll have room to reward the consumer if/when they(BP) create their own wallet.
@_date: 2013-11-21 19:20:08
I work for a restaurant POS company and have to admit, this industry especially will take another couple years at least before you start to see it accepted on a regular basis. You'll likely see it in the iPad systems like Revel or Ambur before more traditional systems such as Aloha or Micros. I believe the quickest way to get things moving would be an integration between BitPay and one of the existing iPad systems.
@_date: 2013-11-22 03:16:05
Two segments constitute most restaurants: first are independent owners, or restaurateurs, who also work as the acting GM of an establishment. And second, chain restaurants. The chains will wait until they see success in smaller, independently owned restaurants, just as they have with tablet based systems thus far. Independent restaurant owners work the same number of hours as most Management Consultants(60-70/wk), and many are still above the age of 50. 
No matter what there will always be early adopters, but the demographics for this particular segment do not encourage an immediate acceptance. This means they aren't commonly visiting sites such as and therefore aren't very interested in pushing their processors for the ability to take BTC. The one factor that will pull them in however, is the chance at transacting funds at ~1%. The profit margin for most restaurants is extremely minimal, and credit card fees(closer to 2%) take up a significant portion of revenue. 
The thing is, you'll need established companies such as BitPay to actually communicate that benefit to your average restaurateur. But then comes another problem: restaurant owners get bombarded with calls from credit card processing companies daily, so whatever the next gimmick is that comes along, they're not going to bite unless their point of sale company is also backing their claims.
TL;DR - Restaurant owners are extremely busy folks(and notoriously difficult to get a hold of), and hardly have the time to finish their ToDo list, much less explore something new.