@_author: mael5trom
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:20:17
That is a different argument, and has nothing to do with taxes in the sense of money the gov't demands in order to pay for the function of gov't.
@_date: 2014-09-08 01:14:44
This subreddit, with this post, is now to me.  Rediculous to anyone who actually follows these things, and doesn't immediately scream "conspiracy".  Heck, the video was calling for an armed revolution, sorry, that is absolutely not even close to necessary, at this time or in the foreseeable future.
I like Bitcoin, although I am still a bit skeptical that it'll be what wins out in the end (I see it being a precursor to something else yet to come, kind of paving the way, so to speak).  But this does not help the Bitcoin cause, and does not make sense to anyone who actually thinks sensibly.  Yes, that means that those posting this need to step back and re-evaluate their world view, as it is truly skewed.
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:28:31
Again, it is not robbery, it is the law of the land.  Big difference between an illegal act, and a lawful requirement for residents to pay a percentage of their income in taxes.
As for fraud, or how taxes are used, that does not make the act of taxation illegal by any means.  Individuals who commit fraud with tax money should be punished, but again, that doesn't invalidate all tax law.  Don't like how taxes are spent?  Change the law (yes, I know, easier said than done).
@_date: 2014-03-01 19:10:38
Thanks, and trust me, I agree that the gov't/state does not do itself any favors, many of the current politicians are outright corrupt.  I hope it can be fixed, but often fear that it can't be.
@_date: 2014-03-03 00:13:43
This answer is specifically why I don't by the violence argument.  I am very familiar with the questions posed (as they are the basis for this line of the gov't=violence argument), and I do not come to the same conclusions you do.
But like I said, I'll read through the book recommended, and see if a better understanding adjusts my thinking or not.
@_date: 2014-11-30 21:58:31
It's popular to bag on PayPal and eBay (and normally justified) but in this case, it is definitely partially the OP's fault - if you are running a business, treat it like a business.  Keep/file your receipts, proof of delivery, etc.  Email costs nothing to keep, seriously, why is at a minimum the email proof of delivery not available?
@_date: 2014-03-03 15:35:50
Isolated incidents do not change anything related to this discussion.  Thousands of people interact with the police without issue every day.
@_date: 2014-03-02 00:11:13
Ah, interesting perspective, thanks.  I don't see the government as evil or good, just necessary (at some level, IMO a lesser level than what we see today, just maybe not as far down the path as some would like to go.)
I do find it interesting you call out the political left (and I agree with your assessment that they are wrong in seeing the gov't as good), but not the political right, which while they may not see the gov't as good, definitely wants to use the gov't to push their social and religious agenda on the citizens of the gov't, which is just as much a threat to individual liberty as a larger gov't is.
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:58:18
I don't claim to know your job, but while them allowing you to keep the job is a failure on the gov't's part, you were also at fault for wasting taxpayer dollars.  Why did you not ask for more work?  Why did you not recommend consolidation of personnel so that the gov't was more efficient?  (I don't know that you didn't, but you come off as "bragging" about how little work you did, and don't realize that makes you just as culpable as the gov't you criticize).
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:19:07
There is exactly something "special" about the government.  It is the only authority that we grant the ability to legally harm ourselves in order to produce a lawful society.  We do not grant that right to the mafia, and so that comparison cannot be made.
Please don't misunderstand my argument here, I am NOT for big gov't or for an all powerful gov't.  But I do think we need SOME gov't.  It should be quite a bit smaller and less powerful than it currently is, but I don't think we don't need a gov't, and by virtue of needing a gov't, we also need some means of funding gov't.  Taxes is the current agreed upon method of doing that, if there are better ideas, I'd love to hear them.
@_date: 2014-02-08 20:11:14
This is pretty good.  Some of the above are way to complicated, trying to get too much information across in too few words.  This is simple, gets across the main benefits and would be understood by people of many different education levels.
@_date: 2014-11-30 22:54:42
And?  What does that have to do with keeping proper records and running a business like a business?  At least if you HAVE the records, you can attempt to fight the chargeback.
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:42:54
You can voluntarily choose to live somewhere that does allow you to keep 100% of the fruits of your labor.  By choosing to live somewhere where the law states you must pay a percentage of your fruits in taxes, you agree to follow that law and therefore it isn't theft.
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:14:10
That is awesome.  Glad to hear it.
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:16:37
You are correct, many people will argue our taxation is not correct, or just, but that in and of itself does not make it equal to theft.  We mostly agree, I think, but where I disagree is in the point that people can "believe" whatever they want in regards to taxation - as long as it is lawful and the law of the land, it is not theft, plain and simple.
By virtue of living in the US, residents have tacitly agreed to abide by the laws of the country, including the laws regarding taxation.  In addition, residents of the US are afforded many benefits that come from those taxes (some could argue too many, that is irrelevant to this point). It is not theft because it is not unlawful. 
NOTE1: I don't buy the claims that taxation is unconstitutional, because our judges haven't bought it either.
NOTE2: I know reddit is not just US, but referenced the FBI, so I assume the post was about the US system.
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:36:46
There are several explicit means by which people make the social contract with government. The commonest is when your parents choose your residency and/or citizenship after your birth. In that case, your parents or guardians are contracting for you, exercising their power of custody. No further explicit action is required on your part to continue the agreement, and you may end it at any time by departing and renouncing your citizenship. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:18:48


The *"take money from their citizens"* part = taxes, at least in my mind.  Pretty clear.
@_date: 2014-03-01 05:20:11
No, I understand what you are saying, and from a high level, I agree with you.  I totally agree that laws and beliefs are subjective to the whims of the populace.  In a way, I'm arguing semantics, not political philosophy.
People may disagree with taxation laws, and work to change them.  They can believe that it is not right, that it should not be part of the gov't's power.  That doesn't make it theft now.  Obviously people can believe whatever they want, and some of our greatest social changes came from people daring to believe the opposite of society.  
This is more my opinion, but to me, calling taxes theft also distorts the argument with a faulty foundation.  I'd be perfectly fine with someone making libertarian arguments such as that taxation is not good for the country, that taxation is not the right of government, that the gov't should be extremely limited in scope and power.  I may or may not agree with the arguments, but I acknowledge them as legitimate.  But I feel it is incorrect to call the current law of the land theft.
@_date: 2014-11-30 22:00:08
Why not?  Email is cheap, it costs nothing to keep forever.  I put this in another comment, but if you are running a business, you should treat it as such, and have files of all your transactions, including things like delivery notifications.
@_date: 2014-03-02 03:36:46
Thanks, I appreciate it.  I've studied some libertarian stuff in the past, so I am familiar with some of the things it argues for.  And I definitely read things with an open mind, but reading something with an open mind does not mean that I can't still disagree with it at the end (as you mentioned).
Until today, I was unaware of the Non Aggression Principle, so that gives me a nice new avenue of things to explore.  At this stage (pre-exploration) I can say that I do not give a lot of weight to the arguments about state violence/coercion.  But I do firmly recognize the myriad problems our current government has, which is one of the reasons I really enjoy learning about alternatives.
@_date: 2014-03-01 18:34:12
There are several explicit means by which people make the social contract with government. The commonest is when your parents choose your residency and/or citizenship after your birth. In that case, your parents or guardians are contracting for you, exercising their power of custody. No further explicit action is required on your part to continue the agreement, and you may end it at any time by departing and renouncing your citizenship. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:51:15
Nope, not theft, part of the law you agree to when you live in this country.  While it may be semantics, it is important to get this right.  Taxes are not extortion, robbery, stolen goods/funds or anything down that path.
Sure, there are all kinds of discussions that can be had about whether taxes are appropriately used, what the rates should be and so on.  But those discussions cannot start from the point of view that taxes are theft, because that is not a true statement and therefor no foundation for any kind of substantive argument.
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:33:27
There are several explicit means by which people make the social contract with government. The commonest is when your parents choose your residency and/or citizenship after your birth. In that case, your parents or guardians are contracting for you, exercising their power of custody. No further explicit action is required on your part to continue the agreement, and you may end it at any time by departing and renouncing your citizenship. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 03:11:08
I used the word utopia (small u, btw) because, frankly, the idea of a country where there is no need for a government is very appealing idea (except maybe for the poor that couldn't afford their own enforcement agency).  But it's an only that, an untested idea, which is partly why I find it rather idealistic, rather than a realistic country structure.  I also find it rather idealistic to believe that is wouldn't devolve into anarchy, but I have no basis for believing that, just an opinion that I don't think it would work as described.
I've downloaded the PDF, I'll put it on my Kindle and I will read it.  I will argue a point, sometimes pedantically, but when presented with counter information that is convincing and fact-based, I will change my view.  I have yet to see that kind of information in this discussion - that said, some have come close and I may argue these points differently in the future given what I have learned today.
It doesn't have to be a 400 page book though, I'm sure there are articles that are at most a couple pages that would describe the basics of the idea.  I am aware a lot of people don't read though, that is very sad to me.  In 20 minutes, I can consume far more information than can be conveyed in a 20m video.
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:36:11
Just because a libertarian nation such as that does not exist does not make your argument that taxes = theft in this nation.  The fact that you CAN leave, even if you don't prefer to, is what gives you the choice.  And you are currently (as far as I know) making the choice to stay.
@_date: 2014-03-02 00:25:13
What resources do you need?  Most countries the cost of living is much less than the US, so if getting out of the country is important to a person, there are plenty of ways to save up enough resources to be able to leave.
I believe we, as humans (not just in the US), are continually improving our lot in life.  There are definitely bumps and bad things happen along the way, and bad times may persist for some time in various places.  But we have a innate desire to progress, and so when there are places where rights and liberty are stifled, sure, people will disobey in order to progress forward.  But that is not the only time we progress, we progress forward all the time, when an invention is made that makes something tedious easier, when a cure for a nasty disease is found, and so on.  So you cannot make a blanket statement like the one you did.  On the flip side, many of history's worst atrocities are done by individuals with a choice, and by virtue of making a choice to perform that atrocity, they become just as complicit at those that gave the order.
We do grant the gov't certain things, power to do things we would not do and power to make judgements about disputes in property and so on.  In return, we get a society that is one of the free-est in the world.  If you didn't believe that, you would be actively working (if you believe what you are saying) to move to the country that is more free.  (I'm not saying there aren't other countries that grant their citizen's a similar amount of freedom, but that the US is at least on par with the leaders in the world on this).
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:39:52
You severely misrepresent the penalties that come with not obeying the law.  Part of living in a civilized society is living by the law set forth, and part of the law of the land is that a part of everyone's income be paid to the government to support gov't programs.  Whether you are breaking the law is not conditional on whether you believe in it.  Work to get the law changed, I'd love to see real debates over a better taxation structure, but until it is changed, it is the law, not extortion.  
Penalties^2 , jail^3 and the use of force^4 all would follow from someone breaking the law in the first place.  I have little sympathy in that case.
As said, you have a bit of a warped view (in my opinion) of taxes and government, so we'll also have to agree to disagree on these points.
@_date: 2014-09-08 01:16:47
Yes, in many senses.  Anyone with any modicum of sense who follows world affairs can see this is absolutely ridiculous conspiracy trash asking people to violently revolt by being misleading and using either half-truths or outright lies.
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:53:30
Yes you did.  By continuing to live in this country, you remain subject to the law.  You can choose to not live in this country, at which point you will no longer be required to pay taxes. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:30:09
You can beg to differ all you want, it doesn't make you correct.
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:47:01
Like said, you cannot call them extortion when they are part of the law we agree to by living in this country.  It's semantics, but it is very important semantics, IMO.
@_date: 2014-03-01 18:50:39
I don't believe our current gov't is correct.  I used to have strong libertarian leanings, but I researched them and through research, decided that it was not the utopia it seems to be.  I believe a lot of the arguments being made about "social contracts" and the like are bad logic, and as such, I will argue against them.  But I have no agenda other than to make people stop and re-evaluate, and really consider why they are willing to make bad arguments.
You will note that I have not endorsed the current system, or argued that it is good.  Just that it is currently the lawful state of being.  I'd love to see a "better" system proposed and if it passes muster, put into place.  
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:35:54
Just because a libertarian nation such as that does not exist does not make your argument that taxes = theft in this nation.  The fact that you CAN leave, even if you don't prefer to, is what gives you the choice.  And you are currently (as far as I know) making the choice to stay.
@_date: 2014-02-28 22:30:48
Taxes do not equal theft.
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:25:05
Taxes are not:


Taxes are the law of the land, and residents of said land are bound to live by those laws.  If residents disagree with the law, they can work to change the law.  


Residents may not *like* paying taxes, but again, but living in a country, they agree to the law of the land, part of which is agreeing to pay taxes.  It is tacit consent that, in return for being able to live in the country and gain benefits that come from the taxes, a person will pay their share of taxes.  An argument about whether taxes or benefits are too high, too low, or inappropriately managed is immaterial to this argument.  That is a different argument that does not invalidate whether taxes are consented to.
@_date: 2014-03-02 17:46:17
I don't buy the comparison that if you would not do something violent to your neighbor, it is immoral to allow the government to do something violent to enforce the laws of the country.  That is a specific power we grant to the government in exchange for the reassurance that, if we follow the established laws, they won't do something violent to us.
Now I'm fully aware that there are individuals and even governments that abuse that trust, and even the US government can be argued that fall into that category.  But that is not an argument against the entire system, but rather, the way the system has been implemented.
I also feel like the violence argument is an argument that many people use to sway others emotionally (one of the videos linked earlier in this discussion used animations of "big bad thugs" for police/gov't, for example) rather than as a moral argument, which is what it is at it's base, if I understand it correctly.
@_date: 2014-03-01 18:21:35
So how would you have it work then?  Total anarchy?  There is no country I am aware of that does not work in that manner.
@_date: 2014-03-03 07:12:25
That...wow...I would hate to have your worldview.  I am sorry.  I am more optimistic than that.  Just ... wow.
@_date: 2014-03-01 20:03:08
I'd love to see this utopia.  Can you give me examples of places that have experimented with private free-market driven governance and how that has then worked out?  It should be easy to find examples if it is such a great system, right?  I mean, we've (as humans) tried a lot of really bad systems out (marxism, communism, for example), so it only goes to reason we've been trying out something that has great promise out as well, right?
Sorry, a bit tongue in cheek, but I do find arguments about everything being privatized to be very idealistic.  Sure, it sounds great, but it hasn't been tried (as far as I have seen) and there is no good roadmap on how to get from here to there (maybe you can point me to one?)
As a side note, why do people always link to videos? I could have read the information contained in the video in a few minutes, but instead, I have to sit through a 23 minute video to get the information you want me to consume.  (FWIW, I did watch much of it, skipping ahead on points I was already aware of, or which were obvious where they were going)  
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:33:53
There are several explicit means by which people make the social contract with government. The commonest is when your parents choose your residency and/or citizenship after your birth. In that case, your parents or guardians are contracting for you, exercising their power of custody. No further explicit action is required on your part to continue the agreement, and you may end it at any time by departing and renouncing your citizenship. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 05:33:05
There is a social contract that we agree to when living in a structured society.  Part of that social contract is that we agree to abide by "some commandments written in some paper" in order to receive the benefits of living in an orderly society.
You argue that by disobeying those commandments, they have not caused anyone physical harm or loss of their stuff.  I would argue that you are wrong, they are causing others real harm by not upholding their portion of that social contract with society.  
I support there being consequences to ensure that those who might try to gain the benefits of living in an orderly and structured society without paying anything back have a reason to give back to society. We could maybe find some common ground that some of those consequences are not fitting of the crime, but that doesn't mean I don't believe that there should be some consequences.  Not because some paper says so, but because the people who wrote that paper and continue to build a better (hopefully) society to live in say so.
Don't get me wrong, there are all kinds of things wrong with our laws, our government and our "criminal" system and the way we dole out punishment.  I don't think that changes whether you should try to live within society (and the rules it puts forth to ensure society is orderly) or not.  Instead, work to update, fix or change the laws, government and criminal system so it serves society better.
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:21:02
Nope...I didn't make a contract with you.  We all have made a social contract with each other in order to live in a lawful society.
@_date: 2014-11-30 23:09:31
Then my comment in no way applies to you.  The OP said they didn't have the records.
I agree with you that PayPal is scummy, and that the people doing these chargebacks are also scummy.  That has nothing to do with my point.  I completely understand your point, and we actually agree.  That doesn't mean you shouldn't keep records though.
@_date: 2014-09-09 05:13:48
Not going to waste the time
@_date: 2014-03-01 06:31:27
That videos makes (at least) 2 mistakes, and should only appeal to those unable to do some basic skeptical reasoning on their own.  I definitely wouldn't be sharing it as a "hey, watch this, it'll change your mind on this issue of taxation = theft by force".
1) It starts with the implication that the only reason for taxes is for redistribution of wealth.  Completely ignores the benefits individuals receive when living in a society where taxes pay for things like good roads, Internet, clean water, police, firefighters and so on.
2) It falsely compares you threatening George with violence in order to compel him to hand over his money to a lawful process that results in bad consequences (jail) because George broke the law.  Those are two very different things and the video outright implies they are the same.
In my opinion, rather than argue that taxes = theft, a better use of time would be work to elect better politicians that would work toward your point of view.
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:54:41
By wilderness, in this case, it would have to be land outside of the government whose taxes you want to avoid paying.
@_date: 2015-03-14 01:43:58
Not sure why this was downvoted, it is probably pretty accurate.