@_author: maesterrigney
@_date: 2018-04-04 14:44:42
Oh! And the Frenchman was running a legit business, and the Japanese employees were just doing their job, but only the fucking Russian was a god damn thief. What exactly are you trying to point out here? That the french and japanese had work ethic and entrepreneurship while the Russian was a theiving pile of shit?
Go fuck yourself with the bottle of vodka you've probably already guzzled with breakfast. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 15:42:59
Hahahahaha oh my god can you not see the irony in your comment? Hahahaha oh my god that's fucking hilarious. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 14:38:22
Fuck. Your. Russian. Whataboutism. 
"Our country is a big giant piece of shit, but look! Someone from another country also did something bad once".
The do the whole world a favor and fucking nuke yourselves. 
Maybe if your country wasn't paying people like you to go on the internet and spread propaganda, you wouldn't be hated by every person that isn't wearing a MAGA hat and fucking their sister. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 15:47:26
Also, since I'm in the mood to be a little logical as well as insulting. 
I never once said russian bot, pretty specifically referred to him as a propagandist. Which is exactly what he's doing, spreading propaganda. 
I didn't bring up the issue of russia, it was brought up before I even came to this thread. But when someone uses [obviuous russian propaganda tactics]( to defend russia in a debate about global geopolitics, I'm gonna call them a propagandist. Just because you're too fucking stupid to get that doesn't make it untrue. The man is literally defending the reputation of the entire russian state by literally using standard russian propaganda tactics to literally frame the entire debate as russia vs the west. 
And yet I'm the one that you're gonna argue with. 
Not to mention, his fucking user name is randomly generated nonesense; red flag much? I don't think everyone I disagree with on the internet is a bot, you're projecting your own bigotted Jewish conspiracy theories onto me. Not everyone you disagree with on the internet, or everyone that *embarrasses* you in a debate, is a "jewish mouthpiece". This guy may not be a literal bot, but he sure as fuck might as well be, because he's doing a damn fine textbook job of parroting the russian line. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 15:27:46
Yea, I reply to ad hominem attacks with my own ad hominem attacks. Tit for tat
What strawman do you think I've created? Maybe you don't understand what a strawman argument is? 
Do I expect to be taken seriously? Umm, I don't really care. 
However, it is amazing that you're.more concerned about me insulting the Russian propagandist than you are about the actual Russian propagandist. That's wild kid. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 15:05:29
If you think that bitcoin is going to become the single global currency you're fucking retarded. No government will ever let that happen. 
Bitcoin has some revolutionary aspects that will be adapted by central governments in their own currency, but it's not going to replace every other currency. 
Long before that happens, central banks will implement every aspect of bitcoin that makes it more efficient and convenient, but not the ones inconvenient for the government, and the average person will no longer have any use for bitcoin. 
You're living in a fantasy if you think bitcoin is going to be the global currency. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 14:46:41
He's literally parroting standard russian talking points. It's whataboutism. "Look I know the russians have been stealing everything they can, but look at that one french person over there!"
@_date: 2018-04-04 15:33:30
I know right! It's the whole comment thread actually! 
Like one person comes on trying to spread disinformation, someone attacks the propagandist, and then a third person comes in to act like they're the reasonable one by saying the propagandist is the victim because we insulted him for spreading propaganda!
And in the process, they manage to be insulting while chiding someone for being insulting, as if they'd never heard the term irony. 
Reddit in a nutshell. Totally. 
Keep your cancer contained to r/The_Molester, no one likes it when the inbreds from that shithole wander into reddit at large. 
Now GTFO. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 15:24:33
Theres a vast difference between a corporation that makes shitty business decisions, and a central government that requires control over a population to even exist in the first place. 
You realize that for Bitcoin to become a global currency, every government would just have to go "Eh, I'm totally fine with have absolutely no control over my own economy" 
If you believe that you're beyond naive
@_date: 2018-04-04 15:58:15
About what? What do you think you could possible make me insecure about? 
I haven't seen a 180 that fast....maybe ever. It was *hilarious*. 






















Wow. 




Your entire post is an exercise in hypocrisy. How are you this retarded? Dude I insult people that deserve it but at least I'm totally open about it instead of pretending that I'm not insulting people when I really am. You've dropped so far man. It really was not that hard to bait you into slipping from your feigned moral highground. 
At least I had some reason why I called him a russian propagandist; he's literally defending russia with tactics so closely associated with russian propagandists that theres a whole wikipedia page about it. 
On the other hand, you've pulled some random jewish conspiracy theory out of nowhere! For no reason other than bigotry. Not that I expected anything else from anyone that posts on r/The_Puppet. 
