@_author: magarto
@_date: 2015-12-05 08:41:24
Yes, it is verified by a trusted authenticator. They are 3 months only but you can make a crontab to auto update them each 89 days 
@_date: 2015-12-05 14:18:51
Follow the information in the github. If you use apache, it is easier, just one step, if not, what I did (I use nginx but it works with apache or any other server) was this:
Update: I have added it in pastebin to avoid formats in reddit
@_date: 2014-02-09 15:33:06
Down, they confirmed it via twitter
@_date: 2014-05-05 20:20:11
Is it the full source code online? It would be better to let people trust in this app before including their exchange API.
Thanks for the work
@_date: 2014-04-17 08:56:05
Google Translation:
China Bitcoin: cancel the account of Bank of China requires notification (supplementary)
Posted at: 17/04/2014 13:50        Keywords: sales households bitcoin
        With a very heavy heart that we publish the news, before continuing 415 14 Exchange of part or all of the bank is notified cancel the account after everyone including us great pleasure to think things over, but the 17 April 10 point, we formally received the Bank of China Beijing Branch Baijiazhuang branch off households notice, after our Beijing high-level verification, we carefully released this announcement.
         Notification in the form of phone call back, after two calls, a cell phone, a landline, landline numbers confirmed our finance staff,
We asked: "whether the bank received a specific file notice?"
Banks replied: "not convenient to say, but before we do not know your company is doing bitcoin , so since we can know and call you, you understand, indicating someone had been staring at you all do for bitcoin 's company accounts, in order to take the initiative to inform us "
We asked: "Is it necessary to cancel the account , clearing account okay? "
Banks replied: "That Anyway you look at yourself, you know your account has been staring at you since I feel it appropriate to give to you today, this phone, meaning it should be clear, and you do not let me be too difficult to do? Some words inconvenient to say. "
We asked: "If we do not cancel the account must wait for a specific file notice of it? "
Banks replied: "That you yourself see it over the phone means that we want you to be able to? cancel the account or if there are any new notifications, could we just executed directly, anyway, now you should immediately put money in the account to another bank? card, then tell us handle off households formalities! "
We replied: "Well, we answered the call to prepare! cancel the account . "
Banks replied: "Thank you very much for your cooperation!"
We asked: "Can tell you when to get a notification before April 15, or nearly two days?"
Banks replied: "not convenient to disclose the specific time, but we certainly will not drag on for this kind of thing, you are right to think for themselves."
We asked: "All of the public to the private should cancel the account it? "
Banks replied: "I am only responsible for the private accounts, but the public accounts colleagues will immediately contact you."
We asked: "That there is no specific cancel the account as of the time? "
Banks replied: "The sooner the better, right!"
        After our Beijing colleagues verified this bank notification is true, so although the account of Bank of China Beijing Branch we have a long time without a recharge account announced, we decided to carry out the Bank of China account cancel the account .
Site analysis, for reference:
     All aspects of analysis, the central bank to stop Bitcoin trading site bank account (for the public to the private) things should have someone or a group responsible for handling the intent is clear, determined and consistent execution, but the execution performance out of the way is low-key, step by step, so although we do not receive notice of other banks, but we do not have hope for the future has been reported to retain the private banking recharge, or use a small private bank account recharge, we will continue to do other accounts are cancel the account of the preparation.
        Other temporary site account recharge continues unaffected, cash business will always work correctly.
        We have developed a new agent recharge system, as opposed to some of the existing platform recharge code, there are great advantages: Firstly, the agents do not need to publish on the website, but if the website is real agents. Second: Agents automatically generate any amount of recharge it, or the user can recharge directly.
        Some other companies are also plans for an orderly manner, we will go all the way, please join us to witness China bitcoins !
  Added: 16:00, we received the Bank of China Beijing Branch Branch Baijiazhuang customer service phone again, is a leader in content capture urgent request cancellation of ten star treasure in their bank accounts to the public, a telephone recording.
@_date: 2014-05-06 19:35:11
Me too
@_date: 2014-08-18 13:20:21
Yes and no. You have to use BT4 with leverage... always you use leverage you are borrowing money to trade so margin call is neccesary to avoid you have to pay much more money than your balance
@_date: 2015-11-11 19:27:59
99$ in some months and then 500-600
@_date: 2015-11-21 11:42:14
Check bitcoinwisdom.com and tradingview.com 