@_author: magdasc001
@_date: 2018-07-02 06:45:58
Guys it crashed because of this:  
The exponential growth of the confirmation times became apparent to the more mainstream, more intelligent traders/investors when the founder of [Bitcoin.com]( sold his bitcoins and bought bitcoin cash. Do you know how I know? I read that article the day it came out and instantly sold at 19.5k USD, before it began to crash the next day.   
It is not going to become mainstream, think about the main benefit of bitcoin, you can send money internationally, quickly and cheaply, without waiting a week or more for your money to clear through international banks; it's also useful for buying illegal stuff online...  
YOU CAN'T SEND MONEY INTERNATIONALLY CHEAPLY IN A SMALL AMOUNT OF TIME IN BITCOIN IF EVERYONE USES BITCOIN - the market isn't designed that way  
THERE ARE HUNDREDS OF CRYPTOS, MANY OF WHICH ARE MORE ANONYMOUS THAN BITCOIN  
Bitcoin has no use. The technology is great, it has many applications. Bitcoin itself has no use anymore.   
Not to mention Bitfinex and Tether, dude check their bitcoin cold wallet and tether wallet on the 24th of June, the day the price hit $5800, they blew their last $36 m of tether and purchased $36m of bitcoin, they then printed 250m tether, topped up bitfinex, kept buying until the price went back up.   
They then waitd for the price to hit about $5800, and did the exact same thing again.   
Honestly if tether isn't backed by USD and they're manipulating the prices with tether, I'm having serious doubts if you guys sell your bitcoin that you're all even going to be able to pull USD out of the system. 
@_date: 2018-07-02 06:57:07
Also honestly I'd say it's pretty likely that sooner or later a hedge fund whose been looking into Bitfinex and Tether decides to go to war with these guys and crushes this market - unless of course my theory is completely wrong and Bitfinex isn't manipulating the market whilst tether really is backed by USD. 
Or maybe the regulators will step in and bust Bitfinex/tether, who knows how it comes to an end? 