@_author: magicinternetmoney
@_date: 2014-02-08 02:20:53
Exactly!  However, you would need to make sure not to leak any of that "additional information" to them by using a trusted VPN, proxy, tor, etc at every step along the way.  Just as it only takes one tumbler to be unwilling to give up your identity in order to protect it, it only takes one proxy to be willing to give up your identity in order to reveal it.
@_date: 2014-02-06 22:11:56
"Travelers should have no expectation of privacy, even in their hotel rooms!"  So... no different than in the US then?
But seriously, is this some new 0 day exploit that I haven't heard about?  Or is this just someone who thinks that packet sniffing a clear-text connection with wireshark is now "hacking"?
@_date: 2014-02-08 01:38:13
You've read my mind.
The Shrem case isn't even the most terrifying.  When I heard about the Casascius coin issue, my jaw dropped.  I will never understand how the maker of the Casascius coins was called a "money transmitter" despite dealing ONLY in Bitcoins.  Maybe I'm misunderstanding the case, but it *almost* sounds as if the simple act of swapping 1BTC for 1BTC is illegal.
Am I going crazy, or are the AML/KYC/MSB laws getting a bit out of hand and no longer serving their original purpose?
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:32:15
This payment with a QR code system looks oddly familiar...
It's surprising what gets through the patent system as original these days.
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:27:08
Are they being charged with the act of money laundering itself?  It sounds to me like they currently are only being charged for violating the anti-money laundering law.  (What I mean is, they transferred over $10k which violated the law, regardless if the money was used for a crime or not)
I think there's 2 charges that they will attempt to bring.
1. Violating the anti-money laundering laws (by referencing the &gt; $10k transaction)
2. Actually laundering money (by referencing the BTC used for a crime)
Basically, we live in a world where it's illegal to do the following:
1. Commit a crime
2. Launder the money to help get away with 
3. Do a transaction without reporting it which may help people achieve 
Each new law just adds another layer of abstraction from the actual original crime itself.
Edit: Formatting.
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:28:54
The fact that you got older (but damaged) .dat files sounds like it might be promising.  Do you have those corrupted files?  Make a backup copy of them somewhere safe and then try to use 
Was the wallet encrypted?  If it was, then partial data will be next to impossible to recover, but if it was not encrypted, then it *may* still have hope.
I highly suggest trying to recover from those files on your own.  If you still can't, feel free to send me a private message and I can take a stab at it or better yet, send the files to someone who you trust.  (Not that I'm a bad guy, but you really shouldn't trust anyone with your private keys of course.)
@_date: 2014-02-06 21:17:25
0/6 means that it was never mined in a block yet.  The transaction will never expire even if it has not been added to a block.  However, you can easily ensure that you don't pay someone twice accidentally by simply transferring your 5BTC to another address you own.  If this transaction is accepted in a block, then your prior transaction won't be (due to the blockchain preventing double spending).
If the --rescan trick didn't work, you can always upload your wallet to blockchain.info and send the BTC there.  Just import the private key containing your 5BTC and use their online wallet to send the funds.  Always remember to make sure that you either send a large enough amount to avoid being detected as spam, or that you use a large enough fee.
Edit: Don't worry, your coins are not gone for good.  Feel free to provide the transaction number and we can try to verify what happened.
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:11:20
How did you format the drive?  Was it a "quick" format?  What filesystem/OS were you using before/after the format?  If you're familiar with linux, I'd highly recommend making a backup image using dd before doing anything.  I've personally had success recovering files with TestDisk and PhotoRec (however the files were not wallets).
Edit: From the other reply it sounds like you already extensively tried recovery tools.  I'm sorry for your loss :(.
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:13:16
I wonder if an escrow service would qualify or not.  Also, Bitcoin introduces a first of it's kind escrow with n-of-m transfers.  Localbitcoins could easily switch from their trust-required service to a no trust required service by using a multisignature transaction.
If the power to release the funds lies within the hands of the individuals trading and the only power that the site has is to mediate disputes, wouldn't this bring them closer to the realm of craigslist?  I wonder how the law would treat this.
@_date: 2014-02-08 01:53:21
The solution is simple (assuming that you wish to stick to tumblers and you don't want to use Zerocoin, CoinJoin, altchains, local transaction, etc.).  Use every tumbler you can find.  The only way (in theory) to associate the original input with the resulting output is if every single tumbler along the way was compromised.  If a single tumbler was not able/willing to give up the input/output history, then the trail runs cold.  I like to think of anonymity as being similar to entropy - by running it through one of these functions, it you can only increase or stay the same.
@_date: 2014-02-06 21:28:56
I personally use 
I'm not sure if this is what you're looking for, but it will let you create a raw transaction which you can save.  Later when you want to broadcast the transaction to the network, you can simply upload it here: 
However, be VERY careful while creating these transactions.  It can be very easy to mess up and do something silly (like sending your remaining coins to the miners instead of a change address).
@_date: 2014-02-06 22:05:35
Anarchists and libertarians are people too!