@_author: magnetopenguino
@_date: 2018-03-27 01:26:19
The "darknet market" concept allows people to buy drugs that have user reviews from other buyers along with, in some cases, lab tested purity results to prove what they contain.  It also allows people to avoid having to enter into shady locations/situations to get them.
I know some people have this mentality that drugs are pure evil, and that anyone who has anything to do with the process of others getting them is worthless, but it's kind of an ignorant mindset. Prohibition doesn't work. May as well reduce the risk of harm as much as possible
@_date: 2018-03-27 01:34:27
The legal status of a substance does not decide the worth of it's owner or seller in my opinion.  Just because a substance is against the law to have, does not make a person who has it or sells it a bad person.  You have to examine the law, and the substance/thing in question. 
When it comes to being charged with a crime, then yes - obviously the more illegal substances you're caught dealing with, the bigger your sentence, so that should be expected.
But, that aside - There is always going to be a demand for drugs. People have been experimenting with altered states of consciousness since basically as far back as history goes. We're not even the only ones - other animals have been observed purposely eating things that have a psychoactive effect.
And, considering that demand, a site such as the silk road allowed those who used it to purchase substances that often were lab tested with purity results shown, along with buyer ratings/reviews they could read prior to buying. This reduces the risk of getting products cut with other chemicals, or substances being sold as something that they are not - Which means less drug users accidentally overdose due to being lied to about what they are getting.
@_date: 2018-03-27 02:34:37


Do you for sure know that? You don't think there were any highly successful CEO's, Doctors, Lawyers, Bankers, etc. doing lines of coke for fun? Or smoking weed? The large majority of those who use drugs are social users - they use them in the same way people use alcohol. They do it at parties with friends, or occasional small amounts after a hard day at work as an alternative to a beer or two.  A lot of high earning individuals actively seek out drugs like adderall or modafinil, with or without prescription, due to the fact they can work more hours with a higher degree of focus and do a better job.
Legalizing something is not the same thing as encouragement.  People still make their own decisions, and are not forced to seek out what they have no interest in.  If all drugs were made legal tomorrow would you go out and buy heroin? Based on your comments, I'd assume no - and that's the same thing with MOST people, because they know what it can do, and how it has one of the highest addiction potentials among all substances.  
If I really wanted heroin, I could probably find it - but I don't - I know the risks and it's not worth it to even try.  If I did, the fact it's illegal wouldn't stop me.  I think you'd find that the number of people who really, truly want to start taking drugs, but instead completely abstain due to the risk created by the illegality is pretty low.  
@_date: 2017-10-14 19:52:58
There are but they're too expensive. Most people just use esp8266
@_date: 2018-03-27 01:39:14
I agree that being surprised by his eventual arrest and sentencing is ignorant, but why do you believe that someone who either buys or sells, for example, cocaine, deserves to be put in prison? Who are they hurting? The current laws aside - is it not someone's personal right to put whatever they want into their own body?
@_date: 2018-07-14 21:09:51
What problem?