@_author: magoghm
@_date: 2013-04-12 04:52:55
From the comments it seems that nobody understood the point: it is easy to fit an old chart to the bitcoin prices, it doesn't mean anything!
@_date: 2013-05-07 14:57:47
My point is that in order to maximize some global utility function, you very often need to ensure you have spare capacity. Because, when you don't have that spare capacity available then you have resource starvation and everything grinds to halt. 
An engineering example would be CPU utilization in a server, you ideally want the CPUs in a server to be working at about 80% utilization, because when you get near 100% you end up with a server that doesn't respond anymore 
Another engineering example is a telecommunications network. If you don't have any spare capacity then you have a saturated network and all communication stops (very similar to a traffic jam).
We know that when you design a large scale system where many agents are going to compete for resources, if you don't have spare capacity you will end up with a system that doesn't work.
So, my point of view as an engineer is that economists have unrealistic expectations about what is reasonable resource usage in a complex system and they underestimate the need for spare capacity.
@_date: 2013-05-07 13:05:36
Why do economists always try to maximize resource utilization? Shouldn't they be focusing on maximizing the benefits from the use of those resources? They are not the same thing.
An example: In a city, square feet of land are an important resource. Many of those square feet are asigned to streets, so that people can use their cars to go from one place to another. When a street is empty you have an unused resource, which might seem to be wasted. Maximum usage of that resource would be when every square feet of that street has a car on it, so you only have maximum resource utilization of all those streets when you have a city-wide traffic jam! This is one example where it is very important to have unused resources (empty square feet in front of your car, so that you can go forward) to really be able to benefit from those resources.
 
@_date: 2013-04-24 18:27:50
You can't imagine how much time I spent trying to find out what was the meaning of the period labels. Thank you!!!!
@_date: 2013-04-08 22:08:57
Thanks for info about bitcointip!