@_author: magravsninja
@_date: 2016-08-19 21:00:18
Does this include if you have used different pass phrases as well to store funds in separate accounts? Or will Mycelium or Electrum also then ask for a passphrase when accessing the wallet?
@_date: 2018-01-18 06:13:13
Holy hell, this was good.
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:41:35
This is spectacular. What a time to be alive, to witness the bootstrapping of a radical new economic network.
@_date: 2017-12-04 17:09:16
And you're not *forced* to participate in the network. There is a free market, competition amongst other financial networks (LTC, ETH, XMR...) so it's incentivized to satisfy the demands of *voluntary* network participants.
Elected, unelected, I don't care so long as I have the capacity to opt-out and not participate in a shitty network. Government monetary policy is distinct in that it *forces* user participation and thus fosters inefficiencies and corruption. It is the fact that you are forced to participate which sets it apart from participating in a voluntary financial network such as Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-03 01:10:03
I thought Barron was the time traveler!
@_date: 2017-12-14 05:38:02
Try patterning out the potentially salted words.
You may have done *word 1*, fake word 1, *word 2*, fake word 2...up to fake word 6, for a total of 18 words. You may have done this on back end instead.
Or maybe it was *word 1, word 2*, fake word 1, *word 3, word 4*, fake word 2... again would give you 18 words.
Try some other patterns that come to mind.
@_date: 2017-12-08 03:27:14
Rumor has it China may ban this sub soon.
@_date: 2017-12-02 22:00:28
I’m not knowledgeable enough to say, but from my understanding there is some possibility with respect to soft forks... perhaps some mechanism could be implemented in the future which would help or enable greater privacy. Similar to the addition of segwit, some address mechanism to boost privacy. Just a thought.
@_date: 2017-12-05 01:20:35
How is this any different from saying the separation of church and state would be a dystopic future?
Why would the separation of the state and money inevitably result in dystopian future? Of course it's possible, but it appears you're suggesting it's an absolute.
I'm not sure I understand why it's potentially dystopic for a technologically advanced society to have competing financial networks which they can opt in and out from vs. forced participation in collectivized financial networks which continually erode in value as authority figures manipulate and plunder it.
It ultimately boils down to being funneled and forced into a financial network (government fiat) or being able to voluntarily participate in one. Evidence shows that as economic freedom expands, people become more productive. Voluntary economic networks (such as Bitcoin and many others emerging to compete with it) are giving humans massive increases in economic freedom, which I suspect will translate to massive increases in productivity, innovation; which in turn will lead to an increase in the average standard of living across the planet.
EDIT - You can have debt and inflation in these new systems. I'm not arguing against that or lending money, interest rates, etc. It's the characteristic of whether or not the system is *voluntary*. It's the forced participation that leads to inefficiencies, corruption, and lack of improvement.
@_date: 2017-12-03 04:21:40
Are you trying to coyly suggest a political and economic doctrine which rejects property rights and forces communal ownership of the means of production would embrace a techno-economic system such as Bitcoin?
And since we don't know one another, it's not fair or unfair to presume anything about one another. If you have a perspective or opinion, just share it. No need for any false modesty if you're a communist expert.
@_date: 2017-12-03 15:43:09
it seems like you’re stuck in the land of *if only i had...*
And that’s a dark and easy place to get stuck in. i’ve been there and still find myself there every now and then.
What’s works for me is to disconnect from daydreaming on potential futures and grounding myself in the present. Getting out in nature, mediation, getting the physical body involved by running or walking. 
Spend a little time practicing gratitude. Especially practice gratitude for your good decisions that have led you into Bitcoin. Thank yourself for taking the time to educate, learn and invest. It’s no accident that you’re sitting on a few hundred K. Trace the decisions back through time which allowed you to be where you are. Thank (emotionally and in your mind or aloud in private) the people who may have inspired you into finding Bitcoin. 
The *if only...* goes both ways. You could have sold it all. Balancing your perspective with some gratitude for the good decisions you’ve made may help you find peace. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 13:24:41
It's as if these people haven't spent a measly *hour* watching a few videos on how Bitcoin works.
I get it... people are busy... but your whole gig is ensconced within the realm of finance and you've have years to find that *hour* for some study, god forbid a few days. Not that you'd understand every detail, but at least you'd avoid talking about whether or not you could slice and dice bitcoin into pieces. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 18:40:16
The thing to additionally consider though is that if you go the route of investing into something that pays 4.87 percent (and use that to pay the mortgage), when the mortgage is paid off, you have both the paid off home and the asset that is still producing the 4.87 percent return.
It's how people in real-estate make a lot of money long-term by buying properties and renting. Other people pay the mortgage and once it's paid off (through renting) you have both the full value of the home and you can still rent it out. Except now that rental income can be applied to something else.
Paying off the mortgage in full leaves you with an asset that (could depending on your location) depreciate over time and you're forever *renting it* from the government in the form of yearly property taxes. 
Whereas if you put the money into a something that generates a return (even equal to your lending rate), the mortgage is paid off over time and then once complete, you still have that asset generating a return that takes care of your property taxes and more.
@_date: 2017-12-03 04:37:58
This is the best approach IMO. A modest sum on a long-term basis through a recurring buy. This way you set it up and can go on with your life and let it accumulate in value over the long run.
If your income changes and you can spare more, then 2x, or 3x that recurring payment when possible. Over the long run, you're accumulating during lows and highs, and likely falling into a modest range for dollar-cost-averaging.
@_date: 2015-12-19 16:16:21
Your frustration is legitimate but aimed at the wrong people IMO. They are attempting to be cordial and professional in their requests, but the reality is that they are being coerced and under threats of violence. Regulators are coercing them to perform in certain manners and if they don't comply, the end game is the initiation of violence against the employees and property of Coinbase. If they refuse to comply, the regulators will use force to confiscate property, business assets and perhaps imprison some people who work at the company.
It's definitely frustrating. I think a good many of us are into Bitcoin for a lot of the same reasons you are, but I think it's important to keep the real perpetrators in the crosshairs and not their victims. If we keep in mind that there is a loaded gun behind Coinbase at all times, we look past the initial perspective of "overly paranoid compliance department" and see the true nature of the circumstances. People working cautiously to bring about a revolution in financial services, while attempting to avoid violence from those holding the guns of government.
@_date: 2017-12-02 15:12:12
This is why it’s important to integrate more privacy at the base layer. The latest talk re: privacy by Andreas was eye-opening for me. Privacy is critical to long-term success of bitcoin, perhaps more than any other feature at this point in time.
@_date: 2017-12-03 23:23:54
Consider leaving the mortgage and put into dividend paying stocks in effect to pay the mortgage with the dividends. This way you have an asset paying the mortgage and when the mortgage is eventually paid off, you have the paid off home along with the dividend paying stock. This way your money continues to work for you.
@_date: 2017-12-03 01:55:59
I agree with most of what you said, and wasn't trying to anthropomorphize the nature of electrons, or the execution of code across a network.
Agree, the operation and execution of the code is apolitical, but how it's been written isn't apolitical.
@_date: 2017-12-03 01:04:29
Certain characteristics of the Bitcoin protocol certainly conflict with certain political ideologies. For instance, a political framework of communism, socialism or a state controlled economy will clash heavily with Bitcoin (as a protocol) which allows a high degree of economic freedom.
The internet contains some protocols which also lead to conflict within certain political ideologies. Countries that are more authoritarian don't appreciate the technology of the internet which allows certain information to propagate through the population.
Bitcoin, like the internet, at a protocol level is designed (by humans) to maximize freedom, be it economic freedom or information freedom. Those human designers may or may not support a political framework which maximizes human freedom and liberty, but the resultant technology without a doubt imbues those particular characteristics (of freedom).
It's certainly welcome to all, but it's celebrated by those seeking freedom and irksome to those seeking control. Under the hood, it's protocol, or it's rules, were explicitly designed to empower individuals, not control them through a centralized apparatus. Bitcoin by design, at the protocol level, is anti-state, anti-centralization, anti-coercion and anti-collectivist.
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:47:19
Crypto Assets: The innovative investors guide to Bitcoin and beyond by Chris Burniske and Jack Tatar
@_date: 2015-12-20 01:22:52
Excellent point.
@_date: 2015-12-30 16:01:04
@_date: 2015-12-30 16:53:22
What would be more beneficial? 
If a small nation of 10M adopted bitcoin as it's national currency or 100M spread across various countries started using it as their primary currency?
Whether or not a nation adopts the technology does not affects it's status as a currency. It's certainly an argument in semantics, but I would argue that usage irrespective of nationality is more important than national adoption. National adoption is an attribute that can mean a great deal or nothing depending on the size of the nation and whether or not the citizens use it. The Bolivar is a dying currency that no one wants to use.


You're equating power solely to physical force. No leader? National currencies have leading institutions which rely on their capacity to initiate force and aggression in order to protect their monopoly on the money supply. No army? Only necessary when force is required to maintain a monopoly. No civilization? I take it you mean people voluntarily using the currency? Bitcoin clearly has people voluntarily using it otherwise it would have no value and no subreddit here.
The power of national currency is dependent on the use of force whereas the power of Bitcoin is dependent on voluntary interactions, technological efficiency, security and immutability.
National currency's weakness is that it's proactive and requires tremendous energy (force) to maintain it's position in the marketplace.
Bitcoin's primary strength is that it's reactive and therefore doesn't require a leader or an army to enforce it's will.
Economics 101 is about as useful as Communications 101 before the Internet was around.
@_date: 2015-12-24 02:43:55
Monopolies would be incredibly difficult to sustain in a free state environment.
A government can easily create the framework for a monopoly through *laws* (an opinion with a gun), coercion and the initiation of force. Without the claim of legal and moral legitimacy (of government law) behind your monopoly, anyone attempting to build and maintain a monopoly (in a free state) would have to use force that isn't perceived as legal or moral. This would be like a mafia or a gang, their attempt to establish a monopoly is steeped in competition. We also do not recognize a mafia or gang as having the moral right to initiate force against us. Violence is expensive and in a free market environment, those using violence will find it very difficult to compete with those not using violence. The only reason violence is profitable for a government is because it's funded through coercion and theft.
Attaining 100% monopoly would be incredibly hard in a pure, free-market environment. Even if Amazon.com starts using thousands of drones to make delivery faster and easier, people will still find reasons to stop at other stores and pick things up.
Furthermore, if a voluntary company or structure amassed a massive near-monopoly on some service in a voluntary manner, it might not be terrible. And if such a natural monopoly (formed over time through voluntary interaction and no issuance of force) started treating people poorly or stumbled on it's productivity, then that monopoly would soon end. They could only maintain their monopoly until a new group of human beings found a way to do their job, or perform their service, faster, cheaper and more efficiently. Using force against their customers would backfire quite terribly. How would you react if employees at Best Buy started using violence to try and get you to buy a new TV? How many days of that until no one ever shops at their stores again. 
The violence on the state level works only because the majority of people believe in the government's assertion that they have a moral right to initiate force and violence against them. 
@_date: 2018-05-15 01:55:21
And the SAPs within!
@_date: 2017-02-21 05:47:07
So many hours spent on this! Was an amazingly fun game for it's time.
@_date: 2016-03-01 19:01:15
I can understand objecting to private transcripts in the case of matters surrounding government financial policy because we're forced to transact in that currency environment at the point of a gun. But no one is forcing you to participate in the Bitcoin network.
I'm trying to understand your logic if you don't mind explaining it. (The objecting to private transcripts when attendees were told beforehand it would be private.)
@_date: 2017-03-27 03:50:25
Was going to respond with the same... anarcho-capitalism and seasteading. To add, I would say to follow and study concepts involving decentralization. Decentralization as a concept is what took me into libertarianism, anarcho-capitalism, seasteading, bitcoin, mesh networks, 3D printing, and other tech. Look into Johann Gevers talk on the four pillars of a decentralized society. Basically it's a transition which involves decentralized communications (internet, p2p, cryptography), decentralized law, decentralized production (3D printing, sustainable local energy), and decentralized finance (bitcoin).
@_date: 2019-03-20 02:25:24
Generally, the mechanisms of free people interacting within a free market (free money such as Bitcoin are fundamental necessities) are the optimal manner in which to determine the most effective solution.   
Are you going to offer a counter argument to my initial stance? The fundamental reason we're having a discussion... that services cannot be coercive; that a service must be an offering and not something you're forced to participate in or fund. Thus you cannot 'rationally' call government actions "services" since they are coercive by their very nature. Or are you just trying to change the topic?  
If you can't formulate an argument concerning the original topic, which is a rather simple premise, I'm not sure I see the value in having a more complex discussion with you. If you're actually interested in non-violent methods of social organization, you can check out this [book](
@_date: 2019-03-18 23:06:59
You (as an individual) can only ‘see things’ from an individual perspective. You cannot ‘see things’ from a group perspective. Individually, you cannot speak for a conceptual grouping. You can speak for a group of humans which have delegated their voice for yours, but not in a conceptual sense such as ‘the public’.
Roadways are built all the time which are not public or voted on by a majority. Roads exist across many forms of private property. Group decisions which overrule smaller groups, even the individual, is simply an example of ‘might makes right’. Sure, the person with the biggest gun wins... how does this nullify my point that services cannot be coercive?
You’re pointing out something obvious and somehow suggesting that because ‘might makes right’ or ‘mob rules’, that this is now a service?
@_date: 2019-03-19 00:26:36
To clarify, does it make sense to you when I suggest that one group forcing their preferences onto a smaller group, even an individual, doesn’t qualify that preference (of action or behavior) as a “service”. 
I’m trying to understand your point in respect to my initial point which is that “service” cannot be coercive, it must be voluntary.
@_date: 2017-03-13 02:34:30
Appreciate your thoughts regarding the ETF and getting institutional investors onboard. Was in a bit of a dismissive state of mind from the weekend and needed a reminder that the underlying motives behind the ETF are still valid. Thanks.
@_date: 2019-03-17 17:47:00
Services cannot be coercive. If I’m forced to pay for it (be that a material good or a some form of human action), it cannot be defined as a service.
The determining factor in play is the degree that its voluntary, not mandatory. If I can refuse the “service” without physical harm or the threat of physical harm, I’d agree it’s an offer of service. But if someone showed up and said to you, “how may I be of service to you?” And then forcibly extracted monies from you irrespective of your desire to participate or not, you’d hardly call that a service.
Simply put I guess, a service is offered to you, not forced upon you. 
You can of course proclaim that ‘force is service’ but it doesn’t work when examined on the grounds of logic.
@_date: 2019-03-19 13:07:29
Building something is a physical act, a set of physical behaviors - so whether I build a street, a house or a set of stairs, the part which would make it a "service" is if I'm building it for another human being in a non-coercive manner.
By your definition, almost any physical action can then be defined as a service. 
Someone beating your car with a hammer is the service. How they arrived to the decision to beat your car is another question.
According to you, whether or not you consent to the physical action is irrelevant in determining whether or not it's a service. It's just because we said so.
Someone taking your wallet, using your money to buy stuff for other people is a service. How they arrived to the decision to take your wallet is another question. It doesn't matter if you've consented or voluntarily donated your wallet, these people are performing a service.
Your position has no delineation between voluntary or coercive acts; you categorize both wanted actions and unwanted actions as service.
Just because you can't imagine how a society without coercive constraints could work doesn't mean you cannot examine the concept of 'service' and consider it from a philosophical perspective.
@_date: 2017-08-26 23:24:56
They certainly can be held through such (violence), but land can also be acquired through labor.
And rights in any legal or useful sense require first a community and then some community consensus model for which to define such terms.
Just as a programmer can build code to run a software application, a community can generate a consensus model within the community to recognize and define property rights within their respective community absent coercion and violence, if they so choose.
Land and asset property rights are useful only insofar as a community agrees to run the same 'social software' and abide by such consensus rules. It doesn't guarantee external factors (other groups) or nature will abide by any such set of rules.
I agree with you that property rights over land and other assets don't fundamentally exist. Property rights, to me, are more akin to a sort of social software which humans (within a respective group) can *choose* to run in an effort to maximize human potential, efficiency and productivity. And the amount of wealth, the standard of living within that respective group rises or falls in correlation with the level of importance and respect granted to that particular social software of property rights.
@_date: 2017-08-26 22:54:45
I've had some really fun discussions with people on imagining police type services in the manner we currently have competing phone companies. Similar to how we have cell phone companies competing to provide the service of communication, we could have companies competing to provide the service of property rights protection (bodily and asset). Not worth it to really discuss on this thread but from a creative perspective, that is one of most challenging and fun areas to think about.
@_date: 2017-01-25 14:04:46
Bitcoin as a protocol is not able to be regulated by the apparatus of the state or its agents. Certainly an individual human may be coerced by an agent of the state into performing actions which deprive them of their bitcoin holdings. It's not free from the state in that capacity. The state can also exert force and threats upon companies and corporations which offer services or products into the Bitcoin realm such as wallet providers, exchanges, or merchants. The absence of a centralized point in which to exert pressure results in a drastic rise to the cost of enforcement. The enforcement would have to be direct and local, expensive, instead of indirect and centralized. The protocol is free from state intervention, or more specifically, coercive intervention by bad actors seeking to change it in a non-market manner.
@_date: 2017-01-27 23:51:25
This is an interesting point I hadn't thought much of before... I agree with you that the term 'theft' doesn't quite fit here since there's no physical property involved. It makes me think of torrenting a movie file and in some respect, receiving the good  without paying for it; but in that scenario the digital information isn't scarce and one person sharing it doesn't prevent another person from viewing the movie. 
With bitcoin, you have digital information that once modified (a transaction) prevents another user from it's benefit or potential exchange for value at a future point in time. And with bitcoin, you cannot claim ownership, but instead demonstrate control.
I certainly see a wrong taking place in terms of a human engaging in behavior to wrestle control from another to himself, but I'm not clear on how to properly define the behavior in the digital sense. 
In a physical sense, imagine someone being tricked into revealing their credit card and pin number, which then allows someone to physically access their bank account and withdraw funds. The physical fiat received wasn't previously 'owned' by that individual either, it was owned by the bank. And how would the bank be able to discern whether someone was tricked, or that was your friend and you carelessly provided them all that information.
If you've got more thoughts on this matter, please share. I find it rather fascinating. Thanks.
@_date: 2017-08-10 02:23:12
If he didn't follow through I'm actually afraid to ask about it. Not a criticism, but he can get emotionally hung up on things at times. I could see him getting upset about it, feeling like he missed out and then getting depressed. 
Money matters with family is a sensitive area for many in my family, as I'm sure many others here. I'm curious too to be honest, but not enough to deal w the anxiety of calling him and bringing it up. We might be family but we don't have that kind of relationship.
@_date: 2017-08-12 22:06:32
Goddamn that felt good to read. Admire your integrity. There are no regrets on a plan well executed to success. Congrats.
@_date: 2017-08-10 15:35:11
That is an incredibly important point regarding the use of the internet, it's functional utility. And I think it's generally applicable to the majority of humans; they won't necessarily bother to understand the tech beyond the degree of it's use as a utility for them. I certainly fit into that category with respect to the Internet, TCP/IP and even the micro-components of Bitcoin as a protocol. I have no desire to try and build a coherent mental construct of how the lightening network works. The energy and effort required to do isn't worth the returns for me, my line of work and my overall life plan. 
My wife has little fascination with Bitcoin but is *very concerned* with how to use it in the event of my death. And this is a smart, fair and reasonable concern IMO. It happens to be one of my biggest concerns as well. So we have the occasional conversation every few months where we run through the steps she'd have to take to access and use it. We touch on some of the technical components doing this but only so far in their utility to her efforts.
@_date: 2017-08-09 22:27:23
Most of my conversations with people have been similar. The one exception I had was an uncle of mine who has a lot of varied investment experience and I could see he understood some of the metaphors and comparisons I was constructing during the conversation. He's invested and flipped land occasionally over the last few decades so I used the concept of viewing the available bitcoin supply as scarce land on a digital planet. As the planet fills up, the land becomes increasingly valuable. That analogy seemed to work well for him. It was a lot of fun to have a rather long conversation with him, answering his questions, and witnessing his excitement when various 'concepts' clicked.
This was last summer and he had all the necessary information to start buying at that point. We don't talk often so I'm unsure if he bought but he was considering taking a six-figure position. If he did, he'd be up nearly 300-400% I figure.
@_date: 2017-08-27 02:45:17
You only need 1 Schrute buck, that's what I tell people, get at least 1 just to be safe. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 22:02:58
You could have a government that is competing for customers to provide governance type services. The difference would be that there is a direct relationship between service and payments (from customers); this would incentivize government service providers to provide quality services to their customers in order to keep them satisfied. If that government service provider has a monopoly AND uses force to obtain payment, then there is no incentive for them to provide quality service. If people are forced to pay for it, then they are no longer customers but instead like livestock that coughs up a dividend (taxes).
It'd be great to have government service providers competing to provide the most value for customers. 
- Oh no - down voted for wrong think!
@_date: 2017-08-26 22:23:27
The abuse comes primarily from the dynamics of the relationship, the incentives in play. NK is a government dictatorship, there is a massive disparity of power between government and citizens, hence the abuse is on another level entirely. 
In the US, the relationship between state and citizen is better than NK but not as good as a market relationship. A market relationship is based on voluntary interaction, whereas relationships with the state are based on coercion. A business or company that receives money from voluntary customers has to serve and satisfy those customers. A state doesn't need to serve citizens because they are forced to pay for it regardless of quality. And often, the state doesn't allow other humans to form companies to provide competing services that would infringe upon the monopoly privileges of the state.
@_date: 2017-08-14 20:59:50
I can't recall what it's called, but there is some concept that hovers around psychology and reasoning in that if you infuse emotional language into a position (within a conflict/argument/disagreement) it essentially builds a thick cognitive bias which inhibits future change of mind.
It's one thing to dismiss Bitcoin and think it's a scam. If you use neutral language in doing so, there's still a possibility of you finding the right context or argument which shifts how you see it. But once people invest emotionally in it's dismissal, especially in a vitriolic fashion, any *future-reversal* of that perspective comes with personal humiliation and a wounded ego.
From my personal experience, the people who utilized neutral language when dismissing Bitcoin at first, were the types of people who later on did their own study and (some) got involved purchasing if even as a hedge against uncertainty in traditional markets. They were acting sensibly, even when dismissing it, and reasoning from personal principles and conceptual understanding. When their understanding of the tech increased, they could easily change their position without feeling like an idiot. The ones who used emotionally charged language, laughed, and exhibited an arrogant sense of superiority in associated matters still dismiss it to this day.
@_date: 2017-08-26 22:13:48
Police confiscate and steal millions of dollars worth of assets every year through civil asset forfeiture. The very group you're claiming is required to prevent people's stuff from being stolen is stolen by those very people. And that's not the free market... this is what happens when you give one group of people the ability to initiate force and have a monopoly on the provision of a service (security and property rights protection).
You have public police (supposedly there to protect property rights of persons and their property) violating property rights through civil asset forfeiture and all the while being paid via property rights violations (taxation).
If giving one group of people monopoly privileges and the right to initiate force worked well and we had a wonderful civilized society, I'd have no problem with taxes. Hell, if people were good natured like that (after being given that kind of power) you probably could make taxes voluntary. But the evidence is clear that giving people this enormous power of monopoly privilege, the right to initiate force and the capacity to redistribute wealth, leads to massive corruption and inefficiency.
@_date: 2017-08-26 21:57:19
The market way of punishing people is that they fail in business. They fail in attracting customers.
With the state, you create an agency with a monopoly on deciding what is right / good as you describe, and you have no recourse, you are forced to pay for it.
In the toss up between who decides what is right / good... you have one scenario in which people have a monopoly and people are forced to pay for it, or a market scenario in which multiple competitors exist and the use of force by any participant would result in failure. What do you think would happen if McDonald's started using force against people who didn't want their services? 
On the other hand, imagine if like a government, some of your tax monies were allocated to McDonald's every month and they had a monopoly on the provision of fast food; and everyone was guaranteed x amount of fast food from McDonald's every day. Would the quality of that food increase or become worse than dog food? 
@_date: 2017-08-10 13:47:23
Let's be thankful its creator is a foggy, genderless blob.
@_date: 2017-08-28 21:42:20
If I could prank myself with a time machine, I'd create a time bubble and show up like the Flash does in *Batman vs Superman* and just scream "2035, Whoppercoin takes over - no one expects it, but it happens - amass as much as you can!"
@_date: 2017-08-06 22:00:31
At $10k Bitcoin becomes noticed by the Council of Ricks and adopted as their currency of choice.
@_date: 2017-01-01 20:40:50
Interesting way to look at it as 'miner rent' or 'miner service'. Would you also consider the following:
If we consider bitcoin as digital real-estate, digital land ownership... Miners are developing $660 million of new digital property on the bitcoin block chain per year (at current price level). Some of the newly developed digital property might be held, while some is sold on the market.
Looking at the bitcoin blockchain as a form of digital land ownership, miners charge a management fee (security and title transfer) but also develop new land for the market to acquire at a current rate of 12.5 bitcoin (acres) every 10 minutes.
@_date: 2017-08-26 22:41:18
Do you not have and exercise property rights over your own body, words and actions?
If you don't, perhaps that's why no one asked you. If you do, then asking you to recognize anything for that matter is a recognition of at least the fact that you, as an individual, have and exercise a property right over your own body. 
@_date: 2017-08-12 22:22:14
A few years back, I was living/renting in Los Angeles in homes that were valued at 750K-1M range. The quality of these homes was equivalent to 200-300k where I'm at now in Chicago. Los Angeles is ridiculous for real-estate. 1 million gets your a rather basic home in many parts of the city.
@_date: 2016-12-01 21:40:37
How would government (in your opinion) go about erasing the debt through usage of Bitcoin? Like practically speaking? As I understand it, government debt is assigned to bonds that require punctuated payments (in USD or other national currencies) in order to avoid default. Are you suggesting they might eventually use government funds to purchase Bitcoin and with a future-price rise of 10x or 100x, use that to settle the debt or bond payments?
Or moreso by printing massive amounts of currency to both pay off the bonds (but in doing so, essentially destroying the currency through hyper-inflation) and purchase significant bitcoin holdings?
If I'm way of base, could you perhaps walk me through your perspective on this?


I'm having a tough time understanding how this would practically be executed, even in theory, and I'd very much like to wrap my head around it. Or if there's some subject matter, keywords to google, youtube, et al, which would help break it out. Thanks! Appreciate the time and response.
@_date: 2017-01-27 23:24:27
The laugh is good for bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-26 22:45:42
Reminds me a bit of 'snow crash', fun and great book by Neal Stephenson.
@_date: 2017-08-10 13:10:02
Certainly on an individual level you can start by trying to talk to female friends and family in your vicinity about Bitcoin if the gender gap concerns you.
The *Bitcoin scene* is probably too abstract, too foggy of a ideal to identify and influence in any measurable manner. What qualifies as success? More females investing into Bitcoin? More females working within the crypto-industry? Whatever the desired outcome, surely it starts with talking about Bitcoin with more women and hopefully those conversations correlate with an *increased interest* from women on the space as a whole.
I've been talking to people about Bitcoin for about five years now and while I've had a few women ask me if they should buy a little (and why so) or how to buy some, none desired anymore than a casual overview of the system. They weren't interested in the tech aspect of it, but moreso looking at it as an asset to not miss out on. I'm certainly not great at explaining Bitcoin in technical terms, but I've got the macro-perspective and the basics down solid. Very few people have shared my enthusiasm and interest on the topic, and only one person (my uncle) expressed genuine excitement when discussing it. Maybe a dozen people I've spoken to have a curiosity on the subject; (all men) and will ask questions, occasionally mention it or ask more about it from time to time.
If you are personally concerned about the gender gap, I think the first thing to do is talk to women about it and find out what makes it interesting to them and what makes it unappealing. Certainly, no one can force anyone for that matter to care about it and take an interest. It has to be genuinely appealing to a person.
But before I committed myself to anything significant... I'd probably do my own research to (as you mention) determine if this survey was factual. And even so... where and how was the sampling conducted... Maybe if you did the sampling at a libertarian convention, the number of women would increase? Maybe there is a correlation between female libertarians and interest in Bitcoin?
Which takes me right back to just doing the immediate, local, and simple thing... talk to female friends and family in your vicinity about Bitcoin. And if they don't care about it, accept that as well. 
@_date: 2016-12-01 20:17:15
Would you mind breaking out for me what you mean by *"regulatory capture" has to be installed first, before that tipping point is put into effect"*
Not sure if you're referring to future regulatory efforts to control Bitcoin, or incoming regulatory efforts within the existing (but breaking down) fiat systems.
@_date: 2017-08-26 22:37:29
You can try this experiment in many ways. Use a movie theater and not pay... use a fitness gym and not pay... eat at a restaurant and leave without paying. You can apply this to just about any service industry. Have you done so? Is the only reason you don't do this because you'd then be potentially arrested? Or is it possible you'd feel shitty if you did these things on a regular basis?
Is having a free society worth having the one asshole who is essentially a free rider? In some companies they have policies where you keep track of the food you consume and let the accounting department know at the end of the month or something. They depend on honesty from the employees to help lower overhead costs in the lunch room.
Is the solution to a few people (assholes) being free riders on a daily basis that we in effect, take 30% of everyone's wages and give it to a group of people with the power to initiate violence?
If the problem is that people within society can't be honest enough to defeat the free rider issue, isn't it kinda crazy to then suggest that people (within that same society) should be given massive power over others... like we can't expect people to not violate the free rider thing... but we can expect people to do the right thing if we give them this massive power to legally initiate force against others and they have a monopoly on the provision of 'x' services... I'm not sure I understand how creating a massive disparity of power between one group (government) and another group (citizens) somehow solves anything. It seems to me that people simply fight over the power (the gun in the room) and everyone tries to grab it so they can point it at others and obtain preferential outcomes for themselves at the expense of everyone else.
@_date: 2017-08-10 12:30:47
This is literally me, *but I do have eyes, a nose and a mouth*. I haven't met any fellow bitcoiners that lack those primary features and look like something out of a Guillermo Del Toro movie yet. But now I know if I do see someone like that, there's a good chance that they like Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-08-15 02:29:22
Me want the (3) too.
@_date: 2019-06-22 20:00:03
Sacha Baron Cohen as Ali G as Satoshi.
@_date: 2017-11-02 16:15:24
There is a big difference between voluntarily emerging *near* monopolies and coercive monopolies. Coercive monopolies such as a government (or any entity granted some regional or territorially monopoly exclusivity by government) use force (or legislation) to maintain their position. Voluntary near-monopolies (such as Amazon with retail or Apple in the smart phone) use marketing and need customers to continually and voluntarily purchase their products. Massive difference between the two when it comes to incentives.
On the coercive front, there is no appeal to any customer to attract them to a service or product. It's the opposite, they are *owed* a service or product for which they have no choice but to pay for and the incentives flip upside-down. If they are forced to pay, the incentives adjust to make the cost higher instead of lower. Instead of making the product or service of a quality that will attract and convert a *possible* sale into a *real* sale, the product or service only needs to meet a minimum threshold.
If people have to choose to pay (in an economically free position), the incentives adjust to make the costs lower instead of higher. One way to attract people and lure them into making the choice to buy is to figure out a way to make a higher quality product or service cheaper and more affordable. The competitive incentives in play generally lead to a cheaper product or service of higher-quality *so long as there is choice involved*. If you remove choice, the incentives flip.
If you're interested in these concepts and looking to strengthen your own positions on the issues. I highly recommend Spontaneous Order by Chase Rachels. It covers stuff like decentralized free market ideas surrounding law, security (police/fire) and other arena's often presumed to only be possible with government compulsion.
@_date: 2017-11-23 18:26:40
There are distinct differences between a tax and a fee, I don’t believe it’s fair to use them interchangeably or infer they are equivalent in their implementation.
A tax is mandatory and imposed upon someone against their will. A key component is *avoid-ability*. A bitcoin transaction fee is a little bit closer to a tariff; you can avoid a tariff on a product by using an alternative... similar to how you could use a different coin to avoid the fee structure of bitcoin. 
This fundamentally boils down to force and coercion. IF bitcoin was forcibly imposed on people, then the fee’s extracted from transactions would be akin to a tax. It’s the lack of force, and lack of punishment for non-compliance which separates the two into distinct categories. 
The fee is *voluntary* payment for a desired and *voluntary* service.
The tax is *involuntary payment* for services both desired (voluntary) and undesired (involuntary); for instance, I may not want to pay for public education, I may not desire those services, but I’m forced to pay for them through a tax.
@_date: 2017-11-23 18:42:02
I think the problem you’re running into is that you are attempting to subjectively re-define *tax* in your own terms. Is this just an attempt to be creative with interpretations and metaphor? Otherwise i don’t understand why you wouldn’t just use the definitive terms as they stand. The point of having definitive terms is to make communication more effective and practical.
A tax, by definition, is mandatory. If it’s voluntary in any manner, it’s no longer a tax. This doesn’t qualify something as good or bad, it’s simply a matter of the term fitting into the appropriate definitive framework. 
There’s a reason justifiable homicide isn’t called *legal murder*, because it’s a contradiction of terms. Murder is by definition unlawful, which means you’d be saying ‘legal unlawful killing’. Push or voluntary taxation turns into ‘voluntary, but mandatory financial charges. The contradiction is that something cannot be both voluntary and mandatory. 
Just my two cents,  but it’s probably ineffective to discuss these topics with people and subjectively redefine definitive terms. It just makes it hard to have a productive dialogue.
@_date: 2017-11-02 18:32:51
I think the *order* reference is not so much in respect to biology as it is to the idea of social order or *bringing order* to society. That order can be achieved without coercion even though, for thousands of years, that is how order was generally achieved.
You and I find common ground in recognizing that the state serves primarily as an agent for the wealthy, masquerading as an entity designed to serve the poor and less abled. It was sound economic logic to create a system (government) which extorted resources from everyone involved in order to provide certain protections (disproportionally for the most wealthy). Without a state, as ones wealth rises, they need to commit more resources to the protection of that wealth. If you had a 20 tons of gold without a state, you'd need to invest more money to secure that than someone who had 20 ounces. I understand it from both an economic and security perspective. Just like Bitcoin thrives as the eco system and infrastructure blossoms, the efficacy of capital deployment/security is commensurate with the health of it's own infrastructure (property rights, legal and financial systems). 
Help me understand how a company like Amazon doesn't give you a choice to say "no". There is nothing compulsory about shopping on Amazon. If Amazon didn't exist, prices would simply be higher for whatever product you desired. Millions of workers around the world creating the products that are sold would find themselves without jobs. The whole point of an economy is to coordinate the productive labors of human beings which results in a steady uphill climb in quality of life. To slash or knock out something like Amazon (which is incredibly effective at fulfilling the needs of human beings voluntarily through a marketplace) would be to strike a blow to human productivity, optimization and efficiency. That translates to less efficient use of scarce, finite resources which leads to less jobs, less food, poorer conditions overall for human beings.
Restaurants have the freedom to enter into an economic arrangement such as selling only Coke products, but when I go to a grocery store, there are plenty of alternatives to Coke. It's not hard to buy soda that isn't *Coca-Cola*. However, if I *choose* to go to XYZ restaurant chain, I accept the decisions they've made, one perhaps being to only serve Coca-Cola.
As you said, coercion is simply coercion, meaning force or compulsion is involved. Coercion, however, does not apply when you have only a single choice and want more choices to exist. Coercion is only applicable in the event that force or compulsion is used against your person. It is not a substitute for lack of choice. This is, IMO, where a sense of entitlement comes from certain types of people who think they are owed a job, owed healthcare, owed a education, and so forth. Lack of choice (absent force or threat) is not coercion.
A restaurant serving only Coca-Cola products is not engaging in invisible or soft coercion and forcing you to purchase Coca-Cola. You can choose to not visit that establishment. Just because Taco Bell doesn't offer a cheeseburger from McDonalds doesn't mean they're softly coercing you into eating from their specific menu.
If your only choice for a job in a particular geographical region is to work on a farm harvesting corn, there is no coercion involved. It may be true that the only way you can earn a living there is by harvesting corn, but you're not being exploited or coerced into anything. Absent being physically forced or threatened to comply, coercion is not applicable. The circumstances may suck in that you need to do shitty work and there are zero apparent alternatives, but that doesn't automatically mean you're being exploited or coerced.
Re: the commons... if no one can own a resource, there is no incentive to take care of it and maximize it's economic potential over the long run. This is why state operations (no ownership) tend to result in people maximizing use in the present to grab as much as they can because if they don't, someone else will. It's the difference between how you treat a rental car versus one you own; you take better care of something you own in order to maximize it's long term value. The whole concept of government is flawed because of this perverted incentive. Humans use government (compulsory power) to enrich themselves in the immediate present at the expense of the future. 
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:20:59
Share of the rewards in a mining pool is contingent with your supply of hashpower.
If it was socialized in the manner you described, two miners (in a pool) with unequal contributions of hash power would receive the same amount of reward within the pool after discovering a block. If this was the case, there'd be no incentive to contribute lots of hash power to a pool, as a miner would get the same share of the rewards irrespective of their hash power percentage contribution to the pool.
Why should I buy and run 100 miners when the reward I earn from the pool is the same as if I was contributing 1 miner?
I think your issue is with thinking the mining rewards are random, they are not.
@_date: 2017-11-06 18:54:11
Governments are not simply people getting things done beyond simply surviving. The distinguishing factor, which separates governments from other forms of humans organizing into groups to achieve a purpose, is perceived legitimacy to initiate force over a given geographical region. Government is the use of force to ensure compliance; which can manifest as a monarchy, a democracy, a dictatorship, etc, but it's unique attribute is the initiation of the use of force.
Human beings can also pursue and achieve objectives voluntarily *without the use of force*; be it a charity, a company, a tribe or large family. Companies (not subsisting on tax monies from a government) can use voluntary methods to create and build huge operations which benefit thousands, if not millions of voluntarily paying customers.
It's presumptuous to suggest that the end, or the destruction of governments (as a concept) would result in society ending or the creation of a new government. The same could be said of kingship hundreds of years ago... Destroy the kingship and society ends or creates a new kingship. We have thousands of years of recorded history which show an evolution in systems of societal organization.
This presumption serves as the central post for the larger set of presumptions, it's superstructure. If we assume the currently running social software in the West (democracy) couldn't be improved upon and if it was undermined/destroyed that society would end or another democracy would form in it's wake, then sure... it'd be pointless and even dangerous to attempt to replace it with something else. The real fantasy, IMO, is this pursuit of the greater good and the idea that the use of force/violence is *OK* so long as we're fulfilling the greater good. That ideology is dangerous because it's used to justify evil acts such as theft in this case.
And this of course ties directly into your presumption that life without citizenship, life without a *central authority with a monopoly on the initiation of force* would result in a regression to hunter-gatherer status. 
You may be passionate about your perspective but it doesn't seem to me that you've invested time and energy into the surrounding issues. If you cannot properly define what a government even is, you're not taking any of these societal concerns seriously. It's far easier to virtue signal about the greater good than deeply study the nature of the world. 
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:42:01
To be more accurate, the distribution of mining rewards within a pool are not random. They are based on the percentage of hash power contributed to that pool.
I'm not sure the point you're trying to make with unemployment benefits.
I'd prefer competing entities willing to provide unemployment insurance in the same way there are competing entities providing car insurance. The more economic choices I have available to me, the better. I don't need other people (who don't care about me) making compulsory economic appropriations with money I've earned.
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:34:28
Additionally, I think it's fair to say most people are aware and understand the benefits of pooling resources and risk through mechanisms such as insurance. Insurance is a fantastic mechanism for decreasing risks and making costs more predictable. The issue lies with when that pooling of resource/risk becomes coercive, mandated or compulsory. It is the coercion that distorts the incentives and leads to negative effects such as a collapse in quality and a rise in cost.
We have competing mining pools, not a single mining pool. It'd be one thing if more or less 99% of the miners started working together in a single pool *voluntarily*, it'd be quite another if they were *forced* to mine in a single pool or face fines, penalties due to changes within the Bitcoin protocol.
@_date: 2015-08-11 01:10:58
This is awesome. My buddy lives on Hartsook right next to your place. Next time I'm in that area, I'll try to check it out!
@_date: 2017-11-30 20:35:39
Same. My long-term strategy from the get go was to hold through at least two block reward halvings. The 2020 halving will be my second and at that point, I'll assess my financial circumstances, assess the crypto ecosystem and perhaps sell a little bit to diversify into some dividend paying stocks and such.
@_date: 2017-11-26 06:26:41
i wish i could do what the Flash did in Batman v Superman - rip through space time and see my friends and i watching DBZ during this exact moment and let out a distorted yell of *bitcoin, buy more*!
@_date: 2017-11-03 01:39:19
I've never used a desktop client, but is there a way to view the full private keys without trying to send them anywhere? That way you can just sweep the addresses associated with it from a separate wallet?
I guess I'm confused how you're able to view the balance without being able to see the associated keys. Not familiar with desktop clients, but comparing it to a Trezor, if I can see the balance I'm already in the wallet. 
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:58:58
We don't have an ideal *free market* in the US. Some industries are more *free* than others such as videogames, shoes, clothing... whereas others like healthcare and education are tightly regulated. Framing any point or argument with the presupposition that the US healthcare industry is a free market is a false premise. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think people in the US are allowed to shop for insurance across state lines yet. The competition of the free market in respect to healthcare in the US is a farce.
I'm not sure where scientific evidence pinpoints or suggests mandating works better than not mandating. 'Works better' is a fuzzy term... it needs to be qualified in some manner. It needs an outcome which can be empirically tested and verified.
In respect to human psychology, pooling reward comes with pooling of risk and IMO it's a total win-win for humans working and coordinating in groups. Taking it back to miners... the reward of BTC is distributed amongst the pool but it's not like the miner who discovered the block can cheat and claim the entire reward. It may be true that his single little USB miner struck gold and discovered the block, but that shared risk/reward works both ways. They'll get the same percentage reward as before. What's fantastic about Bitcoin is that it enforces (through protocols and code) that people don't cheat. They can't socialize their losses and privatize their winnings when it comes to mining pools.
@_date: 2017-11-26 06:47:01
As i’m sure other dbz fans will be coming here... isn’t there a potential meme for 10k too? Something about Goku and King Kai where goku trains in 10k gravity? i know onboard the ship to Namath (i think that’s correct?) to fight frieza he trains at 100 gees but i thought maybe there was a future scenario where he trains at 10k gees? Anyone recall?
@_date: 2017-11-02 20:59:23
Social or peer pressure to do something, to more precisely perform or even conform to a societal expectation is not coercive in it's definitive form.
Coercion is defined as the act of coercing; the user of force or intimidation to obtain compliance. It requires human action (human agents not nature) force, intimidation or threat, and some objective (the compliance). If there is no objective, it's simply violence or a threat. The distinguishing characteristics are the use of force or threat and some objective to comply with. If we cannot agree on the definition of coercion, there's no point in having a discussion. I don't say that to be jerk or anything, it's just entirely pointless to converse if basic definitions cannot be agreed upon.
If social pressure escalates to include physical violence or threats, it is no longer social pressure, it has crossed into the definitive realm of coercion. In the Milgram experiment, there were people who didn't go all the way and suspended their involvement. It was a small percentage of people, but nonetheless it's inaccurate to conclude that all people simply do it (submit to authority under social pressure).
Coercion can certainly be applicable to millions of situations, but the definitive standards for coercion are relatively simple. It either fits those parameters or not.
Manipulation is not coercion either. In fact they are quite the opposite. If I were to attempt to manipulate you, the ideal outcome is that you are *unaware* of my fiendish or tactile management of your experience in order to lead you to some personally desired outcome or objective. It's successful if undetected. Coercion doesn't work if it's indirect or camouflaged... the threat needs to be understood by the party being coerced. I don't want to hint or joke about shooting you for your wallet, otherwise you won't give it to me. I need you to understand, and more importantly, believe that I will shoot you unless you give me your wallet. I'm not trying to manipulate you, I'm trying to directly control your behavior and action.
Your argument for the use of coercion to fund public services essentially boils down to *might makes right*. More people (the majority) want to use coercion to fund X-service so it doesn't matter what the fewer people (the minority) don't want. The principle being suggested here is that the majority can violate the property rights of other people so long as they remain the majority.
And when government takes over an otherwise private sector industry, that industry does indeed suffer as you've described because now the beneficiaries of that industry (the former customers) no longer have groups of humans (companies) competing for their hard earned dollars. In the private section (absent government granted licensing and monopoly), groups of humans acting in common purpose (a company) are trying to find creative ways to produce a good or service which will be offered voluntarily to other humans in exchange for other goods and services. As soon as you introduce *force* or compulsion into the game, the game suffers. We've had thousands of years worth of force, intimidation and coercion in the game of *economic optimization and efficiency*. The more we remove force and violence from that game, the better humans have gotten at the optimization of scarce, finite resources.
LLC's and corporations in general are extensions of a state apparatus. When an LLC exploits a lake or stretch of land, they are doing so under the umbrella protection of the state's legal framework. This is why it's so fundamentally important to eliminate force and coercion at the top of the pyramid, the state itself. If you legitimize coercion and violence at the top, you cannot scold the child entities below for exploiting that system. This would be like saying it's okay for parents to use coercion and violence in their parenting methods, but harshly criticize children for replicating that same behavior.
Re: teleporting humans... this brings up the essential difference between the two of us. IMO, people are either authoritarian or libertarian minded when it comes to ethics. Either you believe you have a right to force other humans to conform to your standards or preferences or you recoil at the thought of doing so. I'm obviously of the recoil type. I don't want others presuming the right to force their aesthetic preferences on me and under no circumstances, absent force itself, would I do such a think to another human. You say, *you cannot let people put fences around stuff...*, *all humans become collective shareholders in equal share of the entire planet's...* You don't care what individual human beings desire, you would prefer they all conform to your method. It's that cliche but true statement... you can have a communist haven nestled within a anarcho-capitalist society, but you cannot have the reverse.
The system you describe of every person having equal ownership (completely ignoring their talents and capabilities) means you need a massively large governmental structure to manage those affairs. The amount of busy-bodies that would be required to achieve this state of equality would be incredible. There would be an unprecedented amount of force, coercion and violence deployed in order to prop up the myth that no one was corrupt and cheating. What happens in those scenarios is exactly what happens in communist societies... the wealth of the planet is longer the natural resources of the planet, the wealth, the *currency* of that society becomes the position within the coercive power hierarchy that makes decisions on the use of said resources and the labor pool. Success is no longer creating a successful product, it's climbing the ladder of the coercive power hierarchy and gaining more influence on the distribution of the resources. 
I'm tapped out for this conversation. I do enjoy it, but must be getting back to being productive as I unfortunately do not (yet) have a replicator to end my dependency on resources from other human beings! So I must continue to contribute to the social order in exchange for other goods and services I desire. Sincerely enjoyed the chat. You have a curious mind, don't lose that.
@_date: 2017-11-03 01:51:40
I did a few BCH to BTC over previous two days with no problems. Did take awhile, maybe 20-30 mins for each to settle. I did the quick version, not precise, small amounts of 2-3 BCH each time. 
Maybe blocks are coming to a crawl on BCH right now due to EDA?
@_date: 2017-11-27 05:00:37
This could be a future episode of Grey’s Anatomy and promote Bitcoin.
*Doctor, he spent the evening reading projections on the price of bitcoin... he fainted and we realized there wasn’t enough oxygen flowing to his brain... what do we do?* - Doctor Grey is fixated on her phone, *lemme check my blockfolio...*
@_date: 2017-11-02 18:44:01
I wish the free market benefits we see in the tech field (better quality and cheaper over time) could come into play in the health care industry. It would require a similar level of free market forces and incentives at work to achieve.
But let's say it truly was more effective or cheaper (in terms of raw resources) to have the government run the healthcare of everyone in a country. If that's true, then I don't understand why force and compulsion have to enter the arena? Imagine if I was trying to sell you on a product or service.... and it's sounding pretty nice, pretty sweet, and then I tell you that you actually don't have a choice in the matter, that you *must* pay for this product or service or else there will be forceful repercussions.
Bitcoin is a pretty fantastic protocol and let's say we both agree, it's superior in some sort of measurable, empirical manner- but what gives us the right to *force* it upon other people and claim it's for their own long term good?
If it's a good thing, it's not forced upon people. And force, once again, isn't absent choice... it's when direct physical force or threats are used by other human agents to achieve compliance. If 99% of the world is transacting in crypto, no one is forcing people in gold to transact in crypto. If those people would prefer to interact with people in the crypto network, then they can choose to transact in crypto instead of gold. 
@_date: 2015-08-13 03:14:54
Near instant transactions are possible with Bitcoin but getting into this new system from the old is the reason for the three or four day wait. This leads to understanding one of the most important and fundamental aspects of the Bitcoin technology; when you send bitcoin to someone, the transaction itself is the settlement. In your traditional, fiat system of money, you've got a number of different levels to clear until a transaction is settled. Whether it's a credit card, ACH from a bank, they all take a certain number of days to settle. Coinbase or Circle accept your fiat monies for bitcoin but they need to make sure the transaction settles on their end (3 or 4 days) because once they give you your bitcoin, you can very quickly shift it to another wallet or address and they have no way to get it back. Every time a block is mined and added to the chain is another thick layer of settlement applied to the entire blockchain. 
@_date: 2015-07-17 03:15:40
Just an idea, besides sending them bitcoin previously to pay for it themselves, have them snap a picture of the QR code and then message it to you. Be ready on your end to pay for it from where you're at.
I did something like this for someone last year and it got them so excited about the possibilities of bitcoin. When I was showing them how to do it themselves prior, they thought it was neat, but the concept of me quickly paying for something while being 2,000 miles away made a significant and lasting impression on them.
@_date: 2015-07-14 22:56:02
The best decision I made was to settle on a certain percentage of my earned income that I felt to be practical.
I don't have a 401k, but in my mind it was similar to how a certain percentage of my wages might go towards such a financial instrument.
In this respect, about every two weeks I purchase some bitcoin and I'm not concerned where the price is on that day. It's made purchasing and holding bitcoin a lot less stressful as it's just another component of my overall strategy towards the future. Within weeks of doing this, I stopped looking at price, stopped worrying about whether we're about to go through another boom/bust cycle, and stopped worrying whether I had "enough" bitcoin. Better yet, I spend more time thinking about the technology and other aspects of how bitcoin will enhance society instead of how much it'll be worth; which is important of course, but still surface level fascination in regards to how penetrating bitcoin can possibly be.
@_date: 2017-11-06 03:18:59
Fantastic post. This and the above re: the envelope.
@_date: 2015-07-17 02:58:12
20% of whatever I designate as "savings" from my income.
@_date: 2017-11-04 03:02:18
Good observation man.
@_date: 2017-11-05 23:02:58
Things that could’ve been also often translate into experience and wisdom, which is hard to pin an objective value to.
When our pursuits are amuck with hurdles, it forces us to think, learn and adapt. The value of these experiences generally don’t become clear until considerable time has passed. I suspect that you’ll uncover priceless wisdom and insight from this adventure for a long time to come.
Thanks for sharing your story.
@_date: 2016-09-08 21:19:09


Thankfully his high school civics teachers failed to imprint propaganda which perpetuates the myth that a coercive monopoly on the provision of services is the only way to organize society.
If I use violence to extort money from you and then use a portion of that money to build a birdhouse in your yard, you wouldn't turn to me and say, "thank you for your service". A service requires voluntarism.
Just because the government uses 'a portion' of the tax loot every year to build some roads doesn't make those roads 'a service'. Rather than hundreds of millions of people voluntarily deciding how to spend their money, a small group of people (government) are claiming they 'know' a better way to spend it, using threats of violence to collect it (taxation) and of course taking their paychecks out of the collected loot as well. And heck, now that they're in this comfortable position and have a monopoly on the provision of that service, they jack up the cost of everything, drop the quality of the service and make sure that they and all their friends are the ones winning bids to build things for the government.
@_date: 2016-09-09 03:11:10
Hah, Thanks dude.
@_date: 2016-09-09 01:06:54


Hah, I think that's rather clear :) but what specifically am I suggesting that is paranoia? Paranoia is a thought process believed to be heavily influenced by anxiety or fear, correct? Is this just another cheap way to insult me or do you have some counter point or arguments to support that stance?


Yes! Precisely why using 'force' is such a terrible idea. It'd be like forcing everyone to buy Apple products and disallowing any competitors in the marketplace.
@_date: 2016-09-08 23:18:45
Curious how you recognize it as a benefit to have competition amidst currency but fail to see how competition and free market principles in other avenues of life wouldn't be beneficial; care to add some thoughts?
I'm presuming you find Bitcoin beneficial of course by extension of your presence in this sub, but please correct me if I'm wrong there.
Our options for how to exchange 'store of value' has been open to competition for some time, but the state has maintained a near-monopoly on what could be utilized as 'store of value'. Precious metals or commodities aren't practical as mediums of exchange and store of value; but Bitcoin is and finally we're able to break away from the monopoly of government currency. And (IMO) it's becoming rather clear that this renewed competition and innovation among 'store of value' is bringing great benefit to individuals.
I also take offense to the 'loonies' inference by merely presenting a counter-argument to your currently held perspective. I didn't frame you personally in a negative manner or resort to any name calling.
If you've got a rebuttal of any kind to my previous post, please share, but inferring I'm some sort of whack job shouting about nonsense isn't an argument.
@_date: 2016-09-09 00:41:39


Real estate and commodities are almost definitely better long-term stores of value, agreed... which is why my argument focused on both store of value *and* medium of exchange. Real estate doesn't make for a great medium of exchange.
Bitcoin breaks up the monopoly power that the state has held on the instrument people are able to use to both exchange and store value simultaneously.


Are you not aware that the US dollar has lost something like 97 or 98% of it's purchasing power since 1913? Seriously, all emotional prejudices aside, how could you argue that this is not a pretty fantastic example of the "gubment" being a big meany and keeping people down? Everyone is forced to transact with a 'specific' financial instrument and that financial instrument's purchasing power is being diminished year by year through the actions of those within the government. That's some cold, meany shit IMO :)


First off, ARPANET only occurred because of earlier inventions and concepts being explored by capitalists. It was initially designed to share mainframe computing power and to establish a secure military communications network. It was not directed toward socially useful purposes and suffered many setbacks. It was overcapitalized and the vast resources thrown at it's development led to a host of inefficiencies. No doubt the government was integral to the development of the internet but the free market was equally critical to it's success. IBM, ATT and Bell Labs were investing heavily in packet switching, modems, and other necessary components. In the 80's, it split into military and civilian use which resulted in an explosive round of growth as private industry started developing applications and use; then in the mid 90's it really took off as additional private interest was able to capitalize on the work of the 80's and create CompuServe, Genie, Prodigy, Delphi and AOL.
Apart from all this... it doesn't legitimize the theft of people's property (money) if they use something that is created with it. If the government uses force and coercion and people surrender taxes to it, sure *some* of that money is used in ways that those people might find beneficial... but it doesn't legitimize the actions. 
If I threatened you with prison unless you gave me money and then used some of that money to purchase a really nice bicycle for you, would your future use of that bike mean that my actions are legitimate and moral?
@_date: 2016-09-22 19:16:31
The degree to which you inflate a currency has a direct impact on it's attractiveness as a store of value. With your logic and reasoning, it sounds like one of the most attractive currencies should be the Venezuelan bolivar. It's highly inflationary and incentivizes people to rid themselves of it as quickly as possible.
If you're convinced that an inflationary currency is better, why are you attracted to Bitcoin in the first place? I'm assuming you have some due to your presence in the sub. There are other crypto-currencies that are more aligned to your personal preferences. No one is forcing you to purchase and transact in bitcoin. Or are you a Keynesian here for debate similar to someone coming to my door to spread the word about Jesus? No malice meant, simply curious.
@_date: 2017-09-30 03:23:35
He lucked into? How does one get lucked into awareness of bitcoin?
Like him or not, I think the vast majority of people holding bitcoin either assumed the risk without knowing much (and thus was even more of a gamble in respect) or put in the intellectual sweat to study it, understand it's potential and then put in the effort to obtain it (which was even more difficult years back).
If someone told me even today I was lucky for getting into bitcoin, I'd tell them to go spend three months reading about it everyday before building up enough confidence in the tech to invest. I don't think newcomers today are lucky, they're investing time, money and resources; and I certainly don't think early holders were lucky.
A lucky bitcoin millionaire would be someone, who unbeknownst to them, bought a laptop from a deceased persons lot which had an unlocked wallet with a few thousand coins. In that case, I'd agree with you that he or she lucked into their wealth. But when you diminish the efforts of early adopters as such, you diminish all who put in the time and effort to learn about it, newcomers today and yourself as well. Just something to consider.
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:47:28
Tackling them like a scene from *The Waterboy*.
Or, on a serious note I'd use that as an opportunity to gauge their interest and more importantly, their understanding of crypto and economics. If they're spouting off platitudes, being mindless about it and looking to score cheap social points, they're probably not capable of having a meaningful conversation. There's certainly some fun and jest involved, for sure, but there's a difference between light hearted humor and someone trying to knock you down a peg. 
In situations like this (bitcoin going through a hard drop), you've got an opportunity to see who around you is your friend. Because a work friend isn't going to try and knock you down when you're probably already feeling a bit bummed out. They'll make a few jokes perhaps but they'll also make an effort to see how your doing and if you're holding up okay. And they may have solid insight into economics, market cycles, etc... and this might be a great way for you and this person to connect and share some knowledge with one another. If there was a work friend saying *I think 18k was the top* in this current cycle, find that person and get them talking. Assume they may have some perspective which will be valuable in the future. All in all, you've got a nice opportunity here to separate *work friends* from people you simply occupy space with.
TLDR; people who make you feel bad about this, who rub something in your face, who are looking to humiliate you are not worth investing future time into (as a relationship).
People who try to cheer you up, whom are interested in talking about what happened (in respect to the market) and who are authentic with you are people you should spend more future time with. 
@_date: 2016-09-22 18:38:02
Spending is simply one component of what makes a currency useful, and to assert it's the entire reason for a currency seems naive.
I assert that a currency, atop all else, is a tool which aims to make voluntary trade easier between human beings. It primarily does so through it's capacity to store and hold value. Transacting and spending is one essential component *of many* which may make a currency more or less attractive to any particular group of people.
I've had a few conversations with people in the past who are strongly attached to the idea that people need to be incentivized to *spend* above all other actions in regard to money. And they consider it of great benefit that with an inflationary currency, this will motivate people to spend and rid themselves of whatever financial instrument they are using to store value. If you fall into this line of thought, any chance you can elaborate on the reasoning or logic behind this?
Furthermore, do you see the need to force market participants to limit their choice in respect to financial instruments? Would you accept that people could use a deflationary currency such as bitcoin to store future value, and simultaneously use a separate, inflationary currency as well for other reasons such as purchasing goods and services?
@_date: 2017-09-21 21:57:02
This was an insult to all *the great debates...*
This was a terrible round table conversation. None of them seem to even hold a hobbyist level understanding of Bitcoin or blockchain fundamentals. If this was a discussion on email, these people would still be trying to understand the @ symbol.
@_date: 2018-02-27 04:27:35
Couldn’t you generate a new 24 word seed, but have a trusted friend write down the last four words and then secure that portion of the seed in a bank vault, and have another copy in a second vault? Or have two friends do a few words each.
You send funds to that wallet for long term savings, but it’s not easy to access. If you wanted to gain access, you’d have to go to both banks - and perhaps you could make it so the bank requires a one week time delay before granting you access to your deposit (per a contract you write up). 
Whenever you eventually want to access those coins, it’d be a hassle for sure, and it does require you to trust your friends don’t mess up the words you’re expecting them to write down.
@_date: 2017-10-30 20:32:40
I wouldn't want to spoil anything as the pursuit of both questions entails a rabbit hole similar to bitcoin in terms of depth, fun and challenge. I highly recommend it.
There is a contradiction though I must point out in your final statement. 
*As soon as murder is legal*...
This is like saying, "as soon as organic bananas are non-organic, I'm gonna eat them." Organic bananas exist. Non-organic bananas exist. But you can't have a banana that is organic and non-organic simultaneously. 
You can't have legal murder since murder is defined in part as unlawful. It turns into *legal illegal killing*.
If your personal aim is to kill people, then there is nothing stopping you. The laws of the universe certainly allow you to kill other living entities. You can even join the armed forces and get paid to kill other human beings. 
@_date: 2016-09-09 01:46:47


You haven't even tried beyond throwing out popular catch phrases. I genuinely enjoy discussions (however short or truncated) with people who have differing views and perspectives. I was hoping at some point you would engage and present some form of an argument. Perhaps I am wrong, but you're certainly not going to change my views unless you present a strong argument.


Curious *why* you have this impression. I certainly said nothing of the sort.
I consider it immoral, I consider it theft, but I would no sooner dodge taxes than try to rip off Tony Soprano. I will never give cause to a group of power hungry thugs to raid my home and harm my family. I pay every penny my accountant tells me to and I'm incredibly cautious with writing things off; because I'm fully cognizant of the fact that there are people like yourself, wholly convinced that the actions of the state are legitimate and virtuous and have no issue with using violence to achieve their ideological goals.


This is the fundamental flaw in your thinking (for future reference). If you ever truly attempt to find an ideology that helps other people, you'll see how entirely opposite the role and function of the state is to that tenet. For me personally, it was both the dissection of the state itself and the underlying notion of *helping other people* that eventually brought me to a clearer understanding of what government truly is, why it's so incredibly destructive and most importantly, how to practically help others in the future.
@_date: 2017-10-18 15:02:59
Great post.
@_date: 2017-10-30 17:11:54
The argument essentially boils down to why people *should be forced* to do things in a free society. It's a difference of millions of people within the free market making economic decisions that lead to the creation of utilities within that society, or millions of people forced to surrender a portion of their property (income) so that a small handful of rulers can make additional economic decisions (how taxes are spent).
Problem with that is that this small handful of decision makers aren't spending their own money, they are spending other peoples money which they have no responsibility to serve or satisfy (like a customer), since it's obtained through coercion means.
This all makes sense if you consider that *society* is in many ways just a very large sort of prison. The social services offered in a prison are generally terrible, as within the larger system, *society*, the social services are generally terrible, corrupt and inefficient. And this fundamentally is driven by poor incentives.
Bitcoin is long-term thriving due to strong, positive incentive mechanisms. The concept of state government with a monopoly on the initiation of force is a bit like terribly designed social software with poor, flawed incentives. 
@_date: 2017-10-30 19:45:33
Subsequent actions don't legitimize or justify an unjust or immoral action.
If a rapist shows up in a woman's life a year later to provide resources for a child, it doesn't legitimize anything. It was still an act of rape.
If a mugger steals 50% of the cash in my wallet and then uses a portion of that cash to buy me a hamburger, this doesn't legitimize his actions. He's not suddenly a good person providing me with a hamburger.
Should the victim of a kidnapping be grateful that the person who kidnapped them provides them with shelter, food, water and clothing? Is it not kidnapping because they are being provided with resources in return?
Is it not theft because resources (albeit shitty, inefficient and wasteful) are provided?
It's called kidnapping because coercion/force is involved in the equation.
It's called theft (taxation) because coercion/force is involved in the equation.
I personally appreciate the human beings who are involved with providing emergency police and fire services. The vast majority of them are decent, hard working humans with good natured intentions. That being said, I don't ignore the bigger picture and pretend that the theft (taxation) which is occurring is either *good* or necessary.
If you steal from someone or harm someone, subsequent actions, even the provision of a resources or service, doesn't magically make the initial action non-theft or non-harm.
@_date: 2017-09-30 04:10:07
Those are some good points and I agree with and understand your perspective (I believe) in respect to the superior characteristics angle; that a finer understanding of the technical aspects of Bitcoin and monetary principles translates into a more confident (converting even more fiat) investment that is driven more by competency than wishful thinking.
However, I would still argue that even if it was incompetent, wishful greed that led someone to invest in Bitcoin, they are still choosing to assume the risk (of losing it all) and the reward (of striking it rich) and this applies even to newcomers today who may not understand Bitcoin much at all, but believe one day it'll be worth a ton. There's still *choice* involved and it is that purposeful course of action which (IMO) removes luck from the table. 
Not to carry on too much, but I do enjoy this kind of stuff: with a lottery ticket, yes, there's choice involved by choosing to buy a ticket but the outcome is very much a matter of odds. There is no protocol, no principles involved, not much can be done (in practical terms) to alter the odds. And most importantly, whether or not an individual participates, the outcome isn't affected. 
Buying some bitcoin however does directly affect the price and network value, however minuscule, a purchase occurs on an exchange, the price moves. There are principles at work, micro and macro fundamentals, the choices of the network participants have long-lasting consequences.
Perhaps more simply put... it may be luck that you bump into someone and he or she mentions Bitcoin... but the later decision to plunk down some personal cash and risk it, that deserves credit I think. For both long time holders and newcomers today. 
I very recently walked a family member through the process of a first buy into Bitcoin. They don't understand it that well yet but they are willing to risk it. Are they lucky I talked to them about it so often over the years? Definitely lucky there, but any and all future reward they may gain is legitimately acquired by their decision to take on the risk and buy some bitcoin with their own money.
@_date: 2017-10-10 15:56:41
It appears that the concern you have surrounds issues of responsibility. If it dips or falls, will the family blame you, will your father blame you?
I also assume your father requires your assistance in pulling this off, that is, he's dependent on your assistance. The dependence component is linked to the responsibility and thus concern/pressure/anxiety you may be feeling.
If your father is mentally sound, clear and rational in his thinking, then I think it's reasonable to assist him in this effort whilst informing him of the general risks. He doesn't need to understand the technology at all, he just needs to be clear headed in respect to understanding the risks and assuming full responsibility for his choices and actions. 
If the family disagrees with you regarding his state of mind, (finding him mentally unsound or incapable of independent decision making) you are heading into choppy waters. This is where the conflict will emerge; whether or not you acted irresponsibly by enabling someone incapable of making independent decisions. So it boils down to, is your father of sound mind, making independent decisions and accepting the responsibility of those decisions? Or is he not? If he is, then assist him... if not, then the family should equally prevent him from going off on casino tour buses.
@_date: 2015-04-03 05:00:27
It's equally disheartening to see those who disagree with you labeled as religious zealots. 
@_date: 2017-10-10 15:56:24
It appears that the concern you have surrounds issues of responsibility. If it dips or falls, will the family blame you, will your father blame you?
I also assume your father requires your assistance in pulling this off, that is, he's dependent on your assistance. The dependence component is linked to the responsibility and thus concern/pressure/anxiety you may be feeling.
If your father is mentally sound, clear and rational in his thinking, then I think it's reasonable to assist him in this effort whilst informing him of the general risks. He doesn't need to understand the technology at all, he just needs to be clear headed in respect to understanding the risks and assuming full responsibility for his choices and actions. 
If the family disagrees with you regarding his state of mind, (finding him mentally unsound or incapable of independent decision making) you are heading into choppy waters. This is where the conflict will emerge; whether or not you acted irresponsibly by enabling someone incapable of making independent decisions. So it boils down to, is your father of sound mind, making independent decisions and accepting the responsibility of those decisions? Or is he not? If he is, then assist him... if not, then the family should equally prevent him from going off on casino tour buses.
@_date: 2018-07-04 00:46:55
Well said.
@_date: 2017-10-30 17:48:59
Transfer to fiat of any nation is where the problem begins...
Let's consider a nation instead like a company, each with their own respective centralized token instead of currency. If you want to convert BTC holdings into any company's form of centralized currency/token, you're going to incur some fee as they've got a ton of overhead, regulations, etc. I guess you could view this as the cost of utilizing their token and transaction on their system. The question then becomes how can I convert value from one type of storage (BTC), which is decentralized, into a type of storage which is centralized with governance.
Any transfer into a centralized, governance model is going to incur some hefty fees (taxes) for doing so. Even if you re-located to another country with less fees and converted BTC into that country's token first... and then converted that token into another token being USD... you're still operating within the confines of a centralized, governance model token; they can retroactively make changes to the *code* and suddenly you're subject to a host of new fees, your accounts frozen, etc.
IMO, to truly live free of theft from government, or, to truly live free and have economic freedom, you cannot use their centralized economic platforms. Just like you might avoid a crypto-asset or token with a shitty network, high fees, low security, mutable, etc; you similarily avoid fiat for the same reasons OR accept the consequences that come with it.
Ten years from now, I'm hopeful that smart property will exist; property (cars, homes, offices, etc) that utilizes contracts on a blockchain to denote ownership, accessibility and control. Imagine a self-driving car that has no identity tied to ownership, or a home that only responds to a certain set of private keys. The goal being a capacity to *live* without engaging with the shitty economic platforms of government fiat.
However, if one must or desires for whatever reason to enter into the shitty economic platform of a centralized, high fee, low security, mutable network such as the USD... then you make that choice accepting the fees (taxes) or risk the physical violation (imprisonment and possible death) that may occur if you don't comply with the network rules.
What I take from this is that the network rules suck for modern economic platforms. Crypto enables economic network rules that are significantly more effective, efficient and most importantly, free from violence and coercion. Any transfer back into the realm of modern economic platforms from crypto comes at the expense of efficiency, efficacy and freedom. 
@_date: 2018-07-04 00:49:10
Are you also against people getting thrown into a prison cell if they don’t submit to government redistribution of their income?
@_date: 2017-10-11 22:23:28
From just a few months of activity on bittrex, there was a noticeably shift where I realized I was effortlessly equating value by sats and not doing any conversion to another unit.
I could easily see how as BTC price changes, I'd simply change my personal reference point... I tend to use 10k sat as a arbitrary baseline in my head now for a *keyframe* value point. Like if something is 10k sat, I consider that really cheap... like a single US dollar (even though it's currently about 50 cents). If Bitcoin increased 10x over the next few years, I might then start looking at things in terms of 1k sat baseline.
@_date: 2017-10-30 20:04:46
Murder is certainly *allowable* under the laws that govern the universe.
So what do you mean by allowed in your question... 
Why this appeal to an authority to determined allowance?
Since this is the Bitcoin subred... let's consider society as a form of social software, a consensus model you could choose to utilize. In the same way immutability is a component of Bitcoin which is preferable, an adherence to the non-aggression principle may be a preferable component of a social consensus model. It doesn't mean you have to utilize Bitcoin, there are systems which lack immutability... similarly, you don't have to follow the non-aggression principle, but doing so may constitute a more stable, more secure social software.
It's not whether or not murder should or shouldn't be allowed, as you're either appealing to authority (which is a sacrifice of personal responsibility and integrity) or you're asking if it's universally achievable within a state of nature (which it certainly is).
A better question to ask IMO, is why murder is immoral, even if you're a sociopath.
@_date: 2017-10-30 16:55:18
This line of reasoning supports the notion of taxation being a coercive threat. It's not that paying taxes makes you a *good citizen*, it's that failure to comply results in severe negative consequences, imprisonment and even death if you resist arrest.
It's a perfectly reasonable course of action, *to pay ones taxes*, in order to avoid violence. In the same way, it's perfectly reasonable to give your wallet to a mugger who is threatening to kill you.
However, when threatened with violence, it's irrational to associate compliance with being *good*; as in being a good citizen. 
I recommend paying taxes in the same way I'd recommend surrendering your wallet if some thug is threatening you. Both are backed by threats of future violence and there is no virtue in paying taxes as it's a compulsory act. When choice is removed and a course of action is compulsory, it no longer can be considered good or bad. Good/bad courses of action require choice and there is no choice when it comes to paying taxes. 
@_date: 2015-11-04 06:06:10
This is a good course of action in regards to setting a BTC target. I'm sure a lot of people are having a bit of FOMO (fear of missing out) in regards to feeling like the price "might never be this low again, now's the time to buy!"
The FOMO reasoning for purchasing Bitcoin is likely going to give you a ton of stress; both if you buy and if you don't. If you do invest, you're now converting that anxiety into "did I invest too much? is it now about to crash? if it starts to drop, when do I pull out?" If you don't invest, the frustration of "maybe I should have done it sooner.... I've missed the boat..." or even "I lucked out... (if it drops) but damn that was stressful".
IMHO, the best decision I made was commit to purchasing a small amount of bitcoin about twice a month. The amount is consistent every time, say $100 for example, irrespective of BTC price. Every other Friday, I get whatever $100 worth of USD to BTC can fetch.
This has been the most enjoyable, stress free way for me to appreciate and continue my investment into the Bitcoin ecosystem.
To more specifically answer the question though, Yes, I think it's a good choice to get more coin. But I personally don't think it's worth 'pouring' your paycheck into it. I personally did this during the late 2013 run-up and got some $900 coins. It was total FOMO behavior and stressed me out a ton.
@_date: 2015-03-12 03:28:23
I have had similar feelings from time to time in the sense of linking bitcoin to the efforts of the 'foundation' and psychohistory. Most commonly during the whole 51% attack period when large mining pools seemed to be a growing danger in the eyes of many within the bitcoin environment.
It made me think of a Seldon crisis and how the logistics of the system itself had already been designed to foresee such an event and thus the protocol and incentive structure had already accounted for the route towards proper re-alignment.
I think I see another corollary with hacked exchanges and security overall... As if natural events are forcing bitcoin to adapt and mature in certain (perhaps predictable) directions.
Down the road, there are certain to be more Seldon crises', but with proper guidance, bitcoin will hopefully reduce 100 years of financial turmoil down to a single decade.
I must add, the thing that would make this insanely awesome along this line of thought... If satoshi would post a random message every now and then on his old bitcoin talk account whenever the next bitcoin crisis enfolds. Never revealing the solution but offering hints or clues.
@_date: 2017-07-01 12:10:28
It is rather futile to debate with the village idiot.
@_date: 2017-07-21 23:32:39
Can confirm, I work for the government. All your dick pics are belong to us.
@_date: 2017-07-14 21:30:09
Economic sovereignty is a wonderful feeling to experience. I still vividly remember that feeling when my first purchase of bitcoin was complete. I understood the public/private key pair and could appreciate the security of the transaction. It was the first time in my life I felt I truly owned property.
Force can be levied against you to steal any property, be it tangible or digital. But even with a mortgage, a car, stocks, etc; the state can use a variety of methods to deprive you of that property without threats or direct physical force. In the US, due to property taxes, even with no mortgage, you are still renting the property from the state. If your home has been paid off for years but they raise property taxes and you can't afford it any longer, you must now sell or they'll eventually seize your home.
What I love about bitcoin and the economic sovereignty it offers is that it requires authoritarians to get their hands dirty if they want to actually seize control of the property, the bitcoin. They cannot appeal to a third-party and use legalese to gain control. They cannot then use that *presumed authority* to claim title, to appeal to additional people (police) for assistance in taking control of another's property. It makes the violation and theft of property both more *difficult* and more overtly *uncomfortable*. It doesn't mean the state, or any person, can't use coercion or force to make you surrender your property, but in the case of bitcoin, they cannot appeal to multiple third-parties and initiate a property transfer (bitcoin transaction) without your assistance. 
They need to directly engage with you and look you in the eye when and if they steal from you. More so focused on government here, not hacking or phishing. Government violations of property are currently very diffused and decentralized, so people (working for the government) don't feel a ton of personal responsibility for their actions since there are so many people carrying out orders to complete the 'transaction' of say a property violation. The lack of any third party (if you're storing your bitcoin value properly) results in more direct and personal relationship during the course of a property violation on the behalf of the state. Less bodies to hide behind or to mask the process that is occurring, and hopefully that results in more people questioning their role and behavior in such property violations.
@_date: 2017-06-30 13:46:16
But I didn't choose to live in this particular geographical area. There is no *choice* component with a child growing up in country "X". You could say the parents are responsible for that choice,  but why does that parental choice extend to the child?
Let's pretend there was a contract entered voluntarily by the parents, and then at the age of 18, the child is free to choose... but now then, why would they have to leave the entire country? Why does this abstract entity called the state (which is simply a group of humans claiming to own all the territory) get to presume the moral legitimacy to exercise acts of force against non-conformists. If it's legitimate, there must be some contract, if not, it's simply thuggery masquerading as legitimate authority.
Taxation as theft centers on the legitimacy of the property claim (the geographical territory) by the abstraction known as *the state*. There is a massive difference between "you need to leave this condo association if you don't like the rules" versus "you need to more or less vacate this continent". And everywhere you go more or less, humans are running the same social software, a small group of humans masquerade as the moral, legitimate rulers but in truth they are all thugs.
@_date: 2017-06-30 15:13:42
Be prepared to wait generations! State education ensures the vast majority of subsequent generations will consider the state a necessity as a form of social software to continue running.
And you'd still have voluntary monopolies or at least near monopolies, like apple having a massive proportion of smart phone users but it only lasts so long as they continue to satisfy customers over time.
But without a state, you'll have less coercive monopolies which use state power to fortify their position in an otherwise voluntary free market environment.
Shady deals and interest groups would remain but they would lack the centralized monopoly of the state which has a monopoly on the initiation of violence and coercive redistribution of wealth. Without this centralized honey pot of coerced tax monies, the *allure* or incentives in play would change dramatically. 
Even in the bitcoin sphere, we have shady interest group types, attempts to establish monopolistic type structures of power or governance, but because it's decentralized and we don't allow those types to utilize violence, the attempts so far have all failed to actualize in their favor. And if they did utilize violent means to achieve their ends, there is a whole host of competing platforms for migration, so the incentives in play punish those who seek to undermine, extort or monopolize the space.
@_date: 2017-06-30 14:28:33
You believe it's necessary, I don't, but only one of us is forced to pay for the others *belief*. 
Our right to disagree, and act on that disagreement, is not equal in this regard. Appreciate the discussion.
@_date: 2017-06-30 13:05:40
It's theft because you're coerced into compliance. The threat of future violence is levied against you if you don't comply. There is also a gross disparity of power between the individual and the state, which is why most people comply without any hesitation.
For it to not be theft would require either a voluntary process or a contract.
@_date: 2017-06-06 12:17:02
If your time table is long-term, years out... then it's still a risky, but good time (in terms of potential yield) to do so.
If you're looking for short-term profit, it's generally a better approach to invest when things appear inactive and flat instead of when it's rising quickly and there's a lot of hype. 
Certainly some skilled traders are able to make good returns during these moves, but if you're looking at this from a long-term investment strategy, my advice would be to get on an exchange and buy small amounts on a schedule. I personally do a dollar-cost average approach by buying a small fixed amount twice a week; however there have been a few times over the years where I notice a flat lull or bottoming out of the price, and at those times I invest a bit extra.
There's always a bit of FOMO when the price rises quickly, and I regret some of my past behavior in which I'd make an emotional decision to invest more than I should at that price point.
Maybe approach things from the perspective that it very well may drop below 2k, but invest a conservative amount at today's price. This way if it drops below 2k, you're not feeling too regretful for over investing and if it doesn't and continues to climb you've at least started the beginnings of a long-term investment.
@_date: 2017-06-30 13:20:13
That's kinda the point, the discriminating factor is the monopoly on the initiation of *force*, hence why it's theft when that force is utilized to procure tax monies. To claim it's not theft is to try and hide the brute nature of what is occurring. Just be honest with the dynamics of the interaction.
@_date: 2017-06-30 13:09:54
Do you have any evidence to support the claim that this abstract concept called "government" has legitimate title to the land and the right to claim a percentage of everyone's earnings in the form of an income tax? Where did this authority come from? Is there a contract?
This is like making a claim that person "X" or group "X" owns the bitcoin Blockchain and you have to give them 50k satoshis a year. It's not theft because you see they own the bitcoin Blockchain. And we're going to just *presume* authority and moral legitimacy.
@_date: 2017-06-18 13:19:10
It may have been this [video](
But I think this was part of my obsessive phase of watching more or less everything bitcoin related. I think the video I'm thinking about was more towards the end of 2012 (at least when I watched it). I recall trying to talk to some people around Xmas about it and getting a lot of blank stares. I could barely understand, let alone explain, 'mining' to someone else at the time.
@_date: 2017-06-30 12:57:52
Just because the state wouldn't have a monopoly on the provision of service "X" doesn't mean the market wouldn't find a way to satisfy the demand for service "X" within a group of individuals.
Nothing is free because the state is paying for it. It's more accurate to view it as the state is choosing how to spend a portion of tax revenues on "X". Free healthcare just means that the state is choosing how to spend a portion of your money on healthcare (taxes) instead of *you* making that determination and picking from options within a marketplace.
If the state wasn't making healthcare decisions for you (in terms of paying for insurance) then you could use that money to shop for insurance in a free market environment with many companies competing to win you over as a customer.
It's the same with respect to employee/employer benefits. If you work in a nice building with a fitness center, coffee bar, etc; these are nice amenities to have but it does come at the expense of the employees salaries. If that money wasn't being used to provide amenities, it could be used to increase salary or hire other workers. You could strip the office bare and work in shitty conditions, making the choice to have more money flow towards salaries instead of having a nice environment to work within. The resources are finite and each choice comes at the expense of other choices. The amenities provided by the company aren't "free", in the same way services or redistributive efforts by the state are not free. The *costs* aren't as direct and obvious is all.
@_date: 2017-06-30 13:34:03
Not sure the point you're trying to make here. Yea I get if your handicapped, it's harder to move. Same if I'm in a coma, broke my legs and arms skydiving...
What does this have to do with property rights, legitimacy of a presumed contract, or the right to initiate an act of violence upon a fellow human?
@_date: 2017-06-30 13:16:22
The term "we" is a collective label. You can't speak for all of Europe. There are surely people in that "we" who don't want to live under a social software platform which includes coercive redistribution of wealth. I understand that *you* perhaps have these preferences but its disingenuous to claim you speak for Europe in abstract terms. I'm just not clear why other people should be forced to conform to your personal preferences in lieu of their own preferences. Seems authoritarian to me.
@_date: 2017-06-30 14:19:02
I'm not disagreeing that European countries are wealthier and more safe. But that doesn't negate the ethical principles in play when it comes to the protection of property rights and standards for what constitutes theft.
I agree it's more safe, doesn't change the dynamics of what constitutes theft. It doesn't mean I want to move to Somalia and take my chances living as a hermit. I prefer the theft over retreating to the middle of nowhere in a hut, but I'm not going to pretend it's some chosen or contractual responsibility. In the same manner I would prefer living with a tyrant who beats me badly once a year instead of living in a swamp in isolation; but I wouldn't pretend the beating is anything other than a beating.
@_date: 2017-06-30 13:23:35
It's usually that way because *force* and threats of violence (fines, property seizure, imprisonment) are deployed in order to secure compliance. That's the point behind why taxation is theft. It's recognizing the fundamental dynamics behind the transaction and calling it out, that's all.
@_date: 2017-06-18 03:00:59
Was spending a lot of time studying libertarianism, free markets, Austrian economics, decentralization and anarcho-capitalism. I think the tipping point for me was a podcast or YouTube conversation In which an Ancap was talking about bitcoin as a threat to fiat and government power; and his tone and excitement stood out for me. I couldn't understand the 'why' but I could tell something had 'clicked' for him, and I figured it must be important. That took me down a two month rabbit hole of digesting everything I could until all those same things clicked for me. My pursuit of trying to better understand markets, ethics and voluntarism are ultimately what led me to it.
@_date: 2017-06-30 13:58:38
I think my other comment applies here... when saying "land governed by someone", it implies legitimate ownership. If it's legitimate ownership, understandable that people living on that land abide by certain rules, but I don't believe the presumed ownership is legitimate in the first place.
@_date: 2017-06-30 13:54:43
You're presuming legitimacy of the group claiming the right to *govern* the land.
I'm just pointing this out because this is the root of our fundamental and rather civil disagreement we're having :)
If they had legitimate title or claim to the land, then I would 100% agree with you. Your position if I'm correct is that, absent contract, they *do* have legitimacy, that they do have the right to govern the land.
I'm sure we both agree that humans have a right to decide how to use their property or land as they see fit, absent harm to other humans.
If someone believes that the abstraction called the state has legitimate claim to a specific geographical territory, they won't view taxation as theft. I understand this clearly. But I have not come across a reasonable argument for why the concept of the state can presume ownership in the first place.
Lysander Spooner's book 'No Treason' is a great read that tackles this subject.
@_date: 2017-06-01 13:54:36
Very interesting these last nine replies...
@_date: 2017-06-26 13:42:39
In respect to fighting the haunting sadness... I would suggest you actually study some philosophy, particularly from the angle of self-knowledge and responsibility.
I went through a similar process of being angry at people around me, not bitcoin related, but more so in relation to not being informed on how things operated in the real world. In my mid-twenties, I went through a multi-year process of shaking off cultural and educational propaganda; a small component of that was the scam of central banking, the Fed, the control of populations through control of their monetary instrument, etc. Similarly, I was angered that people in my immediate vicinity had somehow let me down. It was a toxic feeling, I remember it very clearly. What made things change was my parallel fascination with philosophy and ethics.
Just going out on a limb, but it sounds like you have an *expectation* in your line of thinking, that other people *should* have informed you on bitcoin given your background and interests in technology. That expectation that other humans *should* have performed in some manner beneficial to you, is IMO where the anger and sadness emanates from. If you make plans with a friend to meet at noon and they don't show, it's understandable to have an expectation and then be angered or upset if they don't show up. But I'm sure we'd both agree it doesn't make sense to get upset at that friend if he had no foreknowledge of the meeting you expected to have. 
I think if you invest some time and energy into the nature of responsibility and choice, these feelings of anger towards others have a chance of subsiding. It sounds harsh perhaps, but no one owes you, just as you owe nothing to anyone else. If you had a close friend whom for some reason never discussed bitcoin with you and was in early, maybe this reveals that the friendship was not as close as you thought. He certainly doesn't owe you or anything, but it does reveal some useful information to you regarding the nature of your friendship.
I think with some reflection, you'll find that the vast majority of people in your life were and still are mostly clueless about bitcoin. If there are some people in your life who were in on bitcoin early on and didn't share that with you, perhaps it's a good idea to ask them why they never brought the subject up with you? I had a friend who expressed a similar question to me about six months ago, asking why I never mentioned it, and I had to explain that he's not an easy person to talk with when discussing things regarding politics or economics. 
There's also a huge matter of hindsight in play here... no one knew bitcoin was going to stay valuable, even in 2012. I can accept personal responsibility for my actions but I do not want to influence others, especially friends and family, to take on risks like this and then lose. The risks associated with bitcoin were far greater back then, and that translates to more concern with riling others up and getting them on-board. I suspect those who understood bitcoin back then tried to focus their efforts on other people who could *equally* assess the risks involved in order to avoid feeling responsibility for the other party. To this very day, I am still very cautious when discussing bitcoin with people. The depth of my discussion correlates with my assessment of the other persons knowledge on the subject matters. I don't want the responsibility that comes with getting an ill-informed friend to invest more than they can afford to lose.
It may sound counter-intuitive, but I think studying philosophy, ethics and personal responsibility are your way out from these bad feelings. They helped me greatly to overcome similar feelings myself. If you can arrive at a position emotionally where you recognize you don't abstractly owe things to other people (absent contract), then you simultaneously recognize none of those people owe you either in any abstract manner. And hopefully that allows you to shed the feelings of anger, resentment and sadness.
@_date: 2017-06-30 13:31:00
IMO, that's a bit of an absurd comment because you can't test it. You can't survey hundreds of millions of people, assess whether or not their even being honest, or if they even understand or appreciate the differences being presented to them in respect to social organizational software (how much power should the state have, etc)
Similarly it's just as silly for me to respond with "...but I'm pretty sure the vast majority would rather have their individual rights protected..."
But I can tell you, I would prefer *my* individual rights to be protected. I would prefer to not be forced to pay for the aesthetic preferences and pursuits of others.
And I would never consider forcing other humans to conform to my tastes and preferences. I just wish other people would equally accept that it's immoral to force their personal preferences on others.
@_date: 2017-06-18 13:51:13
I believe this video was the first time I heard it mentioned. [Jeffery Tucker and Jeff Berwick](
It may have been the Anarchast podcast in general that kicked it off.
@_date: 2017-06-30 14:08:07
They do *IF* they are market facing.
It is different if companies receive significant money from the state, in the form of contracts or subsidies. In those scenarios, the customer to *please* are now the politicians who control the spending of public monies. 
You have trillions scooped up by the leviathan of coercive taxation, and a small group of humans (political class) that direct the pipes for how all that money is redistributed. If private companies depend on that pipeline of money to survive, then they don't care about the public interest at all because the true customer to satisfy is now the politician. So we've got big pharma, the banks, military industrial complex; just about any structure that taps into this  pipeline of tax monies is not going to give two shits about the public.
Companies that interface more with the public though and have to win their dollars by pleasing them as customers. They have a deeply vested interest in serving the needs of the public and more accurately their customers. 
@_date: 2017-06-20 00:24:25
@_date: 2017-06-21 17:47:09
The principle he's outlining is that if you resist the temptation to buy a computer *today*, you can get a cheaper one with the same exact specs a year from now (since those particular specs will be more easily achieved in the marketplace). Isolating this type of transaction and ignoring the production optimization/efficiency gain,  it's almost as if the monies being used are deflationary (gaining value over time) and you're simply purchasing that computer a year later at a cheaper price.
But this doesn't slow the electronics industry down. People are constantly buying new phones, ipads, computers, etc, even though if they refrain from the tempting gratification of the present, they can get the same exact product cheaper in the future.
For everyday purchases such as groceries, essentials, movie tickets, dinners out, I'm not factoring in inflationary behavior of fiat. I'm not purchasing more groceries today because next month inflation will have eaten up a small percentage of my spending power. In the same way, if I was using BTC, I wouldn't skimp on groceries because next month it'll be worth slightly more due to deflationary tendencies. If I need or have the adequate desire for a good or service, I'm going to pay for it. 
Another perspective is to perhaps consider that if you were to spend $1000 USD on booking a vacation tomorrow, you could also put that $1000 into a mutual fund and get 7%. That $1000 USD could be of additional value in the future if you choose to invest it instead of spending tomorrow and enjoying a vacation. Any amount of fiat currency, although inflationary in isolation, could be viewed as *potentially increasing in value* relative to it's purchasing power given the proper investment strategy. Not suggesting it's the same as a deflationary currency, but the end result of *additional purchasing power* in the future seems accurate IMO.
If you haven't already, look at and reflect on Gresham's law; the monetary principle which states *bad money drives out good money*. It's something to the effect that if there are two forms of commodity money in circulation, which are accepted within the social environment, the more valuable commodity (BTC in this case) will disappear from circulation. My personal experience and that of friends within the crypto-space is that IF we use bitcoin to purchase something, we immediately replenish it with additional purchasing of bitcoin through an exchange. We're interested in dumping dollars rather than parting with bitcoin at this point in time. However, if in the far future my salary was paid via bitcoin and more or less, bitcoin was accepted as commonly as a credit card, I would no longer need to deal with two forms of money.
 
@_date: 2017-06-30 13:10:48
But why does the person being aggressed upon have to leave?