@_author: mahpton
@_date: 2012-02-14 14:35:03
Holy shit a $25 sweepstakes
@_date: 2011-06-16 02:48:41
Your house is going to get fucking raided for using all that power.
@_date: 2011-06-01 19:57:41
Forgive me if I'm misunderstanding here but how is that *not* decentralized?  Is Satoshi's solution considered centralized because he's put in a leadership position to choose the next hashing algorithm?  It sounds like a standardization process (like W3C, ISO, etc.) rather than creating the next Visa/Mastercard.
I'm not an expert on this subject but the worst case scenario I can envision is that the network would branch into two (or more) separate entities (we'll call them bitcoin-A and bitcoin-B) in which case everyone who had 5 bitcoins would have 5 bitcoins-A and 5 bitcoins-B.  Assuming both of the new networks gained 50% market share this would cause a 50% deflation in the value of each competing currency.  In order to avoid the blow of deflation you would have to put up with the headaches of using both currencies (sort of like in the real world with euros, dollars, etc.)  However, once the shake-out occurs and we have an idea of which competing currencies are here to stay, you could always create a hybrid currency that transparently balances payments across all the new standards.  So in the end it's disruptive as hell for a while, but your bitcoins will still have value and it'll still be decentralized.
@_date: 2011-06-03 16:11:47


A boundary firewall can easily perform the same type of ingress filtering as NAT even if internal IPs are publicly addressable.
@_date: 2011-06-01 22:57:55
Absolutely not because the difference here is that Satoshi has no real authority.  He can't throw you in jail like the U.S. government can if you don't follow what he says.  Pretty much all he can do is publish a new revision and hope people adopt it.  Please keep in mind that his power is further diluted by the fact that *anyone* has the power to write the next generation of bitcoin (possibly by modifying the existing open source project) and release it to the public for adoption.
And yes the transition *could* be disruptive if better cryptanalysis of SHA-2 is discovered; however, I do not share your belief that the community will immediately begin to eat itself alive because.. well, it's in no one's best interest to do so.  Also take into consideration that software engineers are very capable of coding the new revision into the existing clients ahead of time so everyone will have plenty of time to upgrade and have the switch go smoothly.
I'm honestly more concerned about the possibility of *unreleased* SHA-2 cryptanalysis that would allow a small group of people or a government to perform fraudulent transactions to either amass wealth or potentially destroy a whole lot of bitcoins.  Not to mention of course the hierarchies inherent in currency-based economies due to how they facilitate the hoarding of wealth.
I think a good way to analyze this situation is from a historical perspective.  For example the Y2K switch-over went smoother than most people expected.  An even better example is probably IPv6.  The IPv6 internet is working globally just fine and dandy alongside IPv4.  While it hasn't been widely adopted yet, it's a certainly that it will in the future when ISPs start to get some financial incentive (which will happen soon considering IANA ran out of IPv4 this year.)  Also observe that there isn't a whole bunch of people writing standards competing with IPv6 because people generally trust the judgement of the IETF.
Oh and by the way, I *am* an anarchist :P
@_date: 2011-06-06 19:51:20
It's really depressing.  I did the math last month for my quad core xeon server and discovered it would take six months to make a single bitcoin :'(
@_date: 2011-06-02 12:48:24


I'm having a hard time understanding what you're trying to say here?  Are you implying that systems lacking enforced authority devolve into chaos?


Exactly what protocols are being enforced by law currently?  Are the people who still use Gopher, Token Ring, and IPX being fined or thrown in jail?


[Isn't that what I was already talking about?](


That's totally not a deal breaker, people are simply losing the false sense of security that nat offers.  In fact that's not even true because most desktops using IPv6 *won't* be publicly addressable because the last 64 bits of the machine's IP are random.  That means in order to scan some random company's internal network for potential targets from the outside, you would have ping 18446744073709551615 IPv6 addresses.