@_author: maiaowei
@_date: 2015-12-29 16:02:29
Ok, but when I buy bitcoin with my bank account, the bitcoin exchange's dollar bank account is pulling the dollars (with an ACH transfer) from my dollar account, right?
@_date: 2015-12-29 06:07:19
Then where does the exchange's US dollar account fit into the process? I am told that the exchange uses their own dollar bank account to buy bitcoin within seconds after the bitcoin buy is requested by the customer.
@_date: 2015-11-21 03:15:04
I don't think that's an accurate analogy since bitcoin does not need anything special to be used, it's available to bought/sold/traded by anyone.
@_date: 2015-10-23 08:10:20
This statement in the Coin Center articles worries me:
"The participating companies would not share information about their customers/users EXCEPT as required by law." 
However, I suppose it was inevitable. Historically, revolutions and countercultures always end when the "have-nots" become "haves". The goals for people to join movements is to make their own lives better.
I don't support criminal activity, but it should be noted that criminals are created by laws, and it is VERY important who is making and passing the laws. If the laws are criminal, the criminals are innocent. If the laws don't reflect most people's views and ideals, and cater to small groups of powerful people, then making compromises with that small group will lead eventually to the corruption of the ideals associated with blockchain tech.
The hope is that blockchain technology will restructure governments into transparent and honest institutions and create a true democracy where every person has an important part to play in the running of their respective nations.
Politics became necessary because people needed someone to represent them in large, populated countries. We have a way now to fairly collect every single persons' vote or veto on every proposed law/decision/creation of social/cultural organizations . We can even set up a system where we direct our own tax contributions to the programs we personally support. This is all possible with this new technology. So we don't need politics anymore.
So, no, I don't support talks with government until governments have become honest and transparent institutions that truly work directly for the benefit of all its' citizens and have purged corruption and self-serving agendas.
Blockchain tech should not compromise with compromised systems if it wishes to maintain it's higher vision.
I also think there is a danger of self-serving governments using the technology to implement their own blockchain and impose it on citizens, which could become as centralized as Google or Facebook, but much less benevolent and much more powerful.
@_date: 2015-11-20 18:09:07
This is stupid. This is like owning a rocket that could easily and quickly fly to anyone anywhere, but instead you put it inside an old wagon with a damaged wheel and send it wobbling off to it's destination. This is putting new wine into an old wineskin. 
@_date: 2015-10-22 16:56:12
It's a good idea but might run into challenges with implementation in the Philippines due to a lack of research of Filipino life, cuture, society on the part of the Abra company? For example, what's to stop a hold-up guy from going from one human teller to another on the map and robbing him? From the app screenshots in the article (that is not Jejomar Binay), it seems that these are Americans who haven't done much research on the Philippines.
In addition, if money is stored directly on your smartphone in a mobile wallet, that is also not safe in the Philippines, as smartphones are the most common targets for theft in the form of snatchers, pickpockets, and hold-up guys.
@_date: 2015-10-24 21:57:55
Why is everyone specifically attacking Mr. Andresen? There several companies who are part of the bitcoin alliance including coinbase, circle, xapo, and several other big exchanges.