@_author: mainmanmayonnaise
@_date: 2014-02-25 21:08:07
It should be pointed out that unless Andreas thoroughly explored their technology stack, processes, procedures, and physical security, this is in't even close to being an adequate security assessment. It's good to know they actually have the coins they claim to have and most of them are in cold storage, but it sounds like Andreas simply did a little bit of spot checking. It would be extremely foolish to conclude that Coinbase is maintaining a satisfactory level of security based solely on this blog post. For all I know, they might be more secure than fort knox but this blog post really doesn't prove much.
I'm worried that some of you might be desperate for good news regarding bitcoin security and are dispensing too much praise for this fairly small positive story. It's certainly a step in the right direction, but it's not possible to assess the security posture of an organization with just an afternoon of meetings with executives.
@_date: 2014-03-14 00:25:05
Thanks! I'll read up on those. Have any of them been widely implemented yet?
@_date: 2014-03-13 19:33:41
Forgive my ignorance, but what's the point of splitting up funds like this other than reducing the risk that all your funds will be stolen when a single wallet is hacked? Tracing the funds might be confusing for people but a computer could easily trace where all the funds went, right? Sorta like how cash stolen from banks can sometimes be traced based on the serial numbers. No matter how many times the money changes hands, that original taint remains and can be traced back, right? 
I guess what I'm thinking is, let's say there's eventually one company that does the majority of point-of-sale "stuff" for retailers who want to accept bitcoin. Couldn't a law be passed that compels that company to verify that the coins they receive aren't on a known blacklist of stolen coins? It would be pretty easy to trace a bitcoin's history all through the blockchain, down to the time it was mined, right? I'm purely speculating here but I would imagine there's a similar law for fiat as well. I bet Wal Mart would have problems if they started accepting dollar bills that have been covered in bank ink, indicating the bills were stolen.
If someone stole $1000 USD from me, I'd be pissed that I lost the money and I'd also be pissed that the thief is enjoying steak dinners (or whatever they use the cash for) thanks to my hard-earned money. With bitcoin though, I could watch exactly where those stolen coins go, indefinitely, right? If that's the case, then why wouldn't a large government such as the US gov't create a blacklist of stolen coins, then compel US companies to check if a coin is on this list before accepting it as payment? In the stolen $1,000 scenario with bitcoins, it would be great to know that the thief would never be able to spend that money in the US. The fact that those coins could never be spent in the US would reduce their value as well, reducing the motivation for people to steal the coins in the first place.
What do you guys think? Am I missing something?
@_date: 2014-03-14 00:13:55
I don't understand. I would think it's not impossible to dump ink into ATMs, but it's probably not too easy either. Could you please explain a bit further?
@_date: 2014-03-14 00:24:26
Thanks for clearing that up
