@_author: maineguru
@_date: 2015-05-04 01:44:14
To simplify all of these excellent answers, the way to resolve a new fork without losing any of your coins is to update to the latest client software. And always, always, always keep a backup of your wallet on some sort of removable device, preferably in a bank safe deposit box or a safe or some other secure location.
@_date: 2015-05-05 10:52:40
I believe a safe deposit box is far more secure than a Bitcoin address. The entire cryptocurrency world seems to believe in the misguided dream that somehow, after all the banks and economies of the world have crashed, there will still be an Internet to use for crypto - or even a working electrical grid. I'm more of a dystopian-future conspiracy theorist. I believe that if the economy crashes, everything will crash with it and it will be anarchy or war. As much as I believe in freedom and the limited role of government, and how far outside of that role they currently are, I do not have any misconceptions about how difficult life would be without any government in place. Instead of hoping or trying to crash it, merge with it and attempt to mold it slowly into what it was supposed to be in the first place - at least here in the US. 
@_date: 2015-10-18 12:46:46
As joae1975 mentioned, ckpool has a solo pool set up to allow you to connect to it just like a normal mining pool. It also has a rudimentary stats page that lets you monitor your progress, including largest answer submitted to date. Another solo option that requires very little setup is found at  and both solo setups keep about 0.5% of any found blocks and transaction fees. 
CKPool is provided by and gives 0.5% back to Con Kolivas &lt;kernel (15qSxP1SQcUX3o4nhkfdbgyoWEFMomJ4rZ) who wrote the original CGMiner software. Nicehash has the additional feature of being able to mine for Bitcoin, Litecoin, Dash and Sharkcoin. Each of these options runs anonymously without a need for any signup information at all. It will mine directly to your address - and I suggest you create a brand new address to use that is not associated with any other transaction.
The odds of finding the next block are built into the difficulty, which can be monitored at  among other places. The list of blocks being solved, who solved them, which pools are finding how many blocks, etc. is available at  among other places. 
Running your own solo setup on a node is complicated, and as I heard it put once, if you have to ask how to do it, you will not understand the answer. You either understand that stuff or you don't, and if you understand it you won't need to ask. But, someone taught Einstein to add two plus two, so maybe you want to dig into it deeper. You won't find what you need on the first two Google results pages though. You will need to learn to develop it from the pieces that you can find, and it will take some trial and effort.
Specifically, if you want to simply point your miners as follows, you are then mining solo - or as close as you can get this easily. Use your own address of course.
Nicehash BTC
Nicehash LTC
Nicehash Dash
Nicehash Shark
(your Sharkcoin address)
All of the above examples except Sharkcoin are using my addresses - I personally think the odds of winning any blocks with any of these pools is the same whether you put your own address in place of mine or not (LOL), but I do suggest replacing my address with yours. I'm not trying to trick anyone with my addresses - but feel free to share in the huge payout if you start collecting multiple blocks over the weekend...
With the Nicehash pools, you may add notation for multiple miners by using .worker1 or .workerx at the end of the coin address to keep track of multiple miners. Or you could use a separate coin address for each miner just as easily.
Also as pointed out by xiccit, run a node whether you solo mine or not - it is important.
Good luck.
@_date: 2015-02-09 15:22:31
This post is related to the issue but you will only see the issue when trying to withdraw a balance at Cointellect.com. Their terms of service and FAQ have not yet been updated, but it appears that they are now changing their platform to prevent withdrawals of solo mining earnings, which were previously profitable to miners. Now miners are forced to reinvest their earnings into their cloud mining contracts, rather than withdraw them directly to BTC, PayPal or DOGE. As this post suggests, these are probably not the best investment in the current market climate.