@_author: maine34rx
@_date: 2018-01-31 01:17:29
I wouldn't necessarily call it a shit coin. Like I've said before the blockchain technology behind Bitcoin that gave rise to all other alts is worthy of a Nobel. It's just outdated for it's intended purpose/use-case as an alternative to fiat. Even with Bitcoin's new Lightning Network it still cannot deliver the speed and scalability of other coins.  There is a huge misunderstanding that unlimited scaling will solve all Bitcoin's problems. Because every open/close of an LN channel means an expansion in transactions on the Bitcoin blockchain, causing the bottleneck shifts from a limit on the transactions that can be processed on-chain to a bottleneck on how many payment channels can be opened or closed at any given time. It's important to remember that Lightning doesn't allow instant settlement of funds. That means that you can't spend lightning funds until the lightning channel has been closed and the final state transmitted to the blockchain. Effectively what lightning does is allow a massive increase in the capacity for changing ownership of BTC but the BTC doesn't "move" until the channel closes.
@_date: 2018-01-31 01:02:26
I really do believe that in 2018 we will begin to see a "culling of the herd" and a "break-out" of those blockchain platforms and digital assets that have actual use-cases, solving real problems, and whose technology solutions are able to scale to meet the ever-growing global demands in finance, retail, business, etc. IMHO, the major mining pools that control the overall direction of Bitcoin's modus operandi has truly done a major disservice to the platform by bucking the financial/banking system. No doubt the blockchain technology that gave rise to Bitcoin has ushered in a whole new industry around digital securities/assets allowing the transfer of digital property/value, such that the transfer is guaranteed to be safe and secure. However, with that being said, there are superior blockchain technologies out there that can do this far better than Bitcoin. Due to scalability issues, expensive fees (more than any bank I've ever been affiliated with), and a lack of consensus among miners yielding fork after fork, Bitcoin has created a veil of instability and unpredictability around it, making industries/corporations/retailers, at-large, wary to utilize/accept it as a payment option. The only use-case that I can see is a store of value, but even that begs the question, based upon what? Speculation? Greed? FOMO? What is BTC being valued against to give credence to its existence and value?
@_date: 2018-01-31 08:48:24
With the miners, I was referring to the inability of them to arrive at a consensus regarding changes to Bitcoin's network etc. This lack of consensus among the hand-full that have the most power is what leads to fork-after-fork.
@_date: 2018-01-31 01:35:39
Based on what??? That was speculation, FOMO, and Greed lingo to reel the amateurs in (who, I might add bought it hook, line, and sinker) allowing the smart money to sell at BTC's all-time high.
@_date: 2018-01-31 02:14:30
Some simple common sense questions everyone should ask themselves before investing in a particular Cryptocurrency:
1. Is it solving a problem or have a realistically defined use-case?
2. Can it deliver on solving that "problem" or "use-case"?
3. What is the competition doing? Can they solve such-said problem better, faster, more economical, etc?
4. Is anybody actually using this particular Crypto tech?
5. Whose behind the tech (i.e. leadership, engineers, institutional players, etc.).
6. Does the leadership have a "defined" vision for this Crypto?
7. Is the leadership transparent and above-board (i.e. providing communication, progress reports, etc.)?
8. Would I be okay if I were to lose my investment despite the best efforts of such-said crypto company/foundation?
9. Is such-said crypto company/foundation abiding by or working with the regulatory community to ensure a smooth transition (by far one of the most important question)? 
10. Diversify your holdings (forgot about this one).
@_date: 2018-01-31 01:31:00
Noooooo, I'm drinking that "Rite-aid," and posing serious questions that all BTC holders should be asking themselves. I think a lot of the smart money has left the building. 
@_date: 2018-01-31 09:02:11
Doesn't have anything to do with credibility. Like,  said it doesn't have to. However, I think for ease of conversion back-n-forth between cryptos unless you are doing a direct fiat-to-crypto purchase.
@_date: 2017-12-30 01:02:13
Wow, never thought I would've seen the day XRP would pass BTC in total daily volume. Guys, I believe we're witnessing the beginning of the "Changing of the Guard" were Ripple's XRP will soon be King of cryptos. These are crazy times!!!!
@_date: 2017-12-30 00:46:07
That's what you think. I hold Btc, but Ripple is on a roll here!!!
@_date: 2018-02-25 01:19:56
I find it so funny, as I alternate back and forth between the sub-reddits for various cryptos, that so many folks out there claim to have found this so-called magical method for predicting the ups and downs the ebbs and flows of the crypto marketplace. All you can really do is shake your head and laugh. G forbid they actually make a correct prediction by happenstance. Then they'll have to create a 10-step crypto price predicting guide that they will want to sell you for $10.99!! It's like calm the HELL down; puff...puff...pass would you please!!! We don't even know what to call them to be quite honest. Are the currencies, digital assets, commodities, etc. The truth of the matter is that this blockchain evolution is in its infancy. The crypto markets are, at the moment, swarmed with your average retail investor, most of whom are pump-n-dump day-traders taking advantage of immediate gains. IMHO, we will not be able to obtain accurate price predictions for any crypto until we get mainstream adoption via your institutional investors (i.e. hedge funds, corporations, FIs, central banks, etc.) on board. However, these institutional investors won't enter until the markets mature via more common sense regulatory oversight/compliance and institutional-grade hedging/custody instruments are in place to help mitigate and offset the volatility brought on by the vicious cycles of constant day-trading. Until we get this volatility under control estimating prices is a moot action. The best predictions we can possibly make before the aforementioned occurs is by doing our due-diligence when it comes to our crypto investments by asking a few simple questions:  
1. Is it solving a problem or have a realistically defined use-case?
2. Can it deliver on solving that "problem" or "use-case"?
3. Can it solve such-said problem better, faster, more economical, than what currently exists? 
4. What is the competition doing?
5. Is anybody actually using/trialing such-said blockchain tech?
6. Who's behind the tech (i.e. leadership, engineers, institutional players, etc.).
7. Does the leadership have a "defined" vision for their respective blockchain technology?
8. Is the leadership transparent and above-board (i.e. providing communication, progress reports, etc.)?
9. Is such-said crypto company/foundation abiding by or working with the regulatory community to ensure a smooth transition (by far one of the most important question)? 
10. Would I be okay if I were to lose my investment despite the best efforts of such-said crypto company/foundation?
@_date: 2018-04-19 06:30:45
Maybe, maybe not. What it looks like to me is that there is a lot of ALT buying going on. Bitcoin still serves as the base currency exchange medium on most crypto exchanges, so naturally, it goes up for that reason. However, it falls or remains steady as people convert it into their desired ALT coin.