@_author: major_freedom_
@_date: 2014-04-26 06:30:01
Because they feel better when their mommy and daddy (government) are not critiqued, but presented as a necessary authority to keep the children (citizens) in line.
@_date: 2014-05-05 04:16:19


I know.  I was using your logic that says if X has existed in the past, then X must exist in the future.
You claimed that because anarchy has historically turned into statism, that this is somehow a law of nature, as if humans have no choice in the matter and cannot ever learn or adapt.
That fallacious reasoning is more easily understood when other examples are used, for example slavery.  That's why I brought it up.  Slavery existed the world over for not just a few hundred years, but rather tens of thousands of years.  Now people have learned, finally, to eradicate slavery in many parts of the world.  Yet according to your logic, if we lived in the year 1800, when slavery had not yet been eradicated in many parts of the world, we should conclude that because history is one of slavery, it must always be slavery.
In addition, using your "power vacuum" notion, given that slavery has been ended in most parts of the world, would not that constitute a "power vacuum", whereby there must be some secret force in nature that forces us to transition back to slavery, as free people allegedly cannot help themselves but impose enslavement, so that society is more "stable" again?


That makes no sense.  Even if violence is inevitable, that is not sufficient for government being inevitable.  Governments are not the only institutions that attack and stop violence.  Indeed, governments are by their very nature initiators of violence.  What you are really saying is that government is inevitable, hence government is inevitable.


I didn't say they were the same things.  I used slavery as an example of your logic.  I used your "historicist" logic in a different context to show you the problems with it.
Also, violence is not inevitable.  It might be highly, highly, highly likely somewhere in the world, but it is not correct to say inevitable, as if people have zero choice in the matter.
@_date: 2014-04-26 04:30:09
Your post is pandering to anti-anarchist sentiment.
What you say is flawed.  You are claiming that if the entirety of human history was filled with slavery, that slavery will exist forever more.
But slavery isn't inevitable.
And neither are governments.
The fact that past generations of humans formed governments, it doesn't mean humans a trillion years hence will do the same.
Anarchy is NOT a power vacuum.  It is private law enforcement.
Just a really badly written post based on historicist fallacies.