@_author: majromax
@_date: 2014-01-28 14:21:20




Yes and no.
If everyone else behaves honestly, there isn't too much manipulation that a MegaCorp could perform.  They could not include (say) a competitor's transactions in *their own new block*, but once they got included by someone else even once then MegaCorp would be forced to behave honestly with those now-old transactions.  There's no way to go back in time to rewrite history.
Unless they get &gt;50% of the network's power, called a *51% attack%.  If a single malign actor can have a greater hashrate (computing power) than the rest of the network combined, then they *can* re-write history.  Their block generation would outpace everyone else's, so they could:
* Spend bitcoins for stuff, at block  (to use a short number for example)
* Wait the standard amount of time, until block  when everyone "believes" that the transaction is legitimate.
* Go *back* to block  and start mining, and this time do *something else* with the coins, like send them to another bitcoin account that they control.
* Keep mining until they've "caught up" with the public efforts.  Since the public had a head start (they got up to  after all), this will happen sometime later, like say 
* Once they've gotten ahead of the public chain, release their work into the wild.  Honest clients see the new, longer chain and accept it as the new truth.
Of course, successfully performing an attack like this would completely undermine peoples' faith in bitcoin and almost immediately and permanently crater the currency's value.  So no legitimate person with a long-term interest in bitcoin would want to perform such an attack even if they could (although there's a [more subtle point]( that could lead to increased *mining rewards* for groups that can get 25%+ of the network size).
A 51% attack remains a legitimate concern if you care about well-funded actors who may wish to clandestinely harm trust in bitcoins.  The equipment required to do so is, as of now, probably well within the funding ability of a few governmental intelligence agencies, both in the US and abroad.
@_date: 2013-11-05 17:48:00
That's exploitable with private transactions.  In this case, a selfish miner will load up their private blocks with do-nothing transactions, so that the private fork looks like it has more transaction volume than the public fork.
If mining-selection is based on transaction volume, this padding attack would then induce honest miners to mine on the selfish pool's chain.
A simple modification of "block that has the most transaction fees" will also not work, as transaction fees will just be paid back to the selfish pool.
@_date: 2013-06-04 20:02:25
Actually, it could work perfectly on a technical level.  All that would be necessary is for colluding actors to control 51% of the mining pool -- then a hostile actor could effectively freeze out a user or institution by preventing any transactions involving their keys from entering the longest blockchain.
@_date: 2013-06-04 20:21:36
Disclaimer: I'm hardly a bitcoin "enthusiast," but I think it's an interesting technical system.


Free from financial intermediary does not necessarily imply totally free from regulation.  Breaking the oligopoly of transaction clearing houses is indisputably a good thing for simple reasons of competition.  Credit card fees, for example, do a wonderful job of making microtransactions extremely problematic.  Likewise, *even beyond regulation* it's a pain in the ass to securely wire money to someone else.  Physical cash has neither of those problems, but it is a problem to transfer cash over a long physical distance.


This is false on each account.  
* Prior to the modern era, monetary conversion to gold (through metal content or authorized conversion) provided a neutral medium of exchange; controlling the *value* of a currency (especially in light of imports and exports) has always been difficult.  Additionally, if you want more technical restrictions, then "absolute sovereignty" is required to prevent counterfeit circulation.
* Even if we restrict ourselves to the modern era, many nations do not issue their own currencies, *voluntarily* giving up "absolute sovereignty".  Each member of the Eurozone has done just that, for example.


Not all regulations are tyrannical.  Fraud-prevention, as a notable example, is an important aspect to financial markets.  For example, there's nothing technically permitting MtGox from delaying new orders by a minute or so to "trade ahead" of the market and skim profit from the bid/ask spread.
And like it or not, money-laundering regulations serve an important social purpose in tracking organized crime.  Prior to the era of wire transfers, illicit payments had to be smuggled as bulky cash or concealed goods -- an inherently risky endeavour.  In that regard, fully-libre bitcoins are *more* suitable for illicit transactions than cash, provided there's a substantial base of legitimate transactions to wash the goods/BTC or cash/BTC/cash process.
But, I'm not an avowed bitcoin supporter either.  I do not hold bitcoins, and I have serious doubts about their use as a true store of value (especially in light of the current market being driven speculatively).  I also have some doubts about the technical infrastructure, but I overall think that bitcoins are a brilliant overall system that raises important technical issues about trust and verifiability.
(Besides, bitcoins aren't anonymous; they're pseudonymous.  Huge difference.)
@_date: 2013-11-05 17:50:58


That's only true for extremely small selfish pool sizes.  Even if the public block *always* wins against a later-published private block, the attack describes the selfish miners getting a revenue advantage at 33% of the mining work.
@_date: 2013-06-05 05:26:36
The power to levy taxes is entirely distinct from control over currency.  In feudal societies, "taxes" are levied in the form of goods -- turn over 10% to the miller, for example, and serve in the lord's armies for a campaign season.  Currency, in this context, provides a hseful intermediary for exchange but otherwise does not change the quality.
Likewise, other concerns aside a government *could* levy taxes in the form of bitcoin.  In fact, transfer and sales taxes would be even easier to levy, since because of the nature of bitcoin there is no such thing as a wholly private transaction.  In fact, a government that adtopted bitcoin could entirely undermine the currency's pseudononymity should it so choose -- require registration of public keys by individuals, and levy and "import tax" for bitcoin transactions to those public keys from unregistered keys.
@_date: 2013-06-03 16:36:21
Background: I generally hold to traditional economic views, but I am skeptical of the efficacy of quantitative easing in the current environment.
What you're describing is a pretty classic liquidity trap.  The Fed (in the US) and the Japanese central banks can ease all they want, but the stagnant economy now is caused by *low demand*.  All the money in the world won't make people take out loans for new capital if they feel they can't get adequate return on said capital.
That's what's happening now: the ratios of [M2 to M1 and M2 to Base Money]( have both fallen since the last recession, in spite of Fed quantitative easing.  That's why the new money isn't causing inflation; nobody is seeking to really put it in circulation. 
(Definitions, by the way: "base money" here is cash in circulation and bank reserves; M2 includes chequing and savings deposits, aka money you can use your debit cards to pay for stuff with.  See the [wikipedia article]( on money supply for a more detail.)
So, no problem, right?  Maybe not so much.
Eventually, the economy will recover.  When that happens, unless the Fed is *extremely* careful, a lot of this money will remain in circulation, and it will quickly get used to write new loans once the demand is there.  Then, M2/M3 will shoot up extremely quickly, potentially causing rapid inflation as prices return to a "people want stuff" equilibrium versus money supply.
To use a metaphor, the Fed has been pushing on a rope with Quantitative Easing.  Once the bull wakes up and starts going, there's going to be a lot of rope to reel back in very, very quickly.
(ObBitcoin note: I don't own, mine, or invest in bitcoins.  I have serious doubts about the suitability of an inherently deflationary currency for reserve purposes, but I'm slowly recognizing that in spite of that bitcoins may retain transactional utility.  But that's for a vastly different topic than this.)
@_date: 2013-10-04 14:07:24


Bitcoin works by acting as a public transaction ledger between numbered accounts.  Strong cryptography means that only "you" can access "your" account(s) to transfer *out*, but everyone can see what gets transferred *in*.
That public transparency is what keeps unscrupulous bitcoin users from fraudulently spending the same amounts twice.
In this case, the government could have let the bitcoins sit in their original accounts, but that would only work if they could ensure nobody else had access to the account.  If that assumption was *wrong*, then someone could transfer that 27kBTC right out from under them, with no technical recourse.
@_date: 2013-06-19 18:17:39
Minor nit: you don't need to enumerate every key to break bitcoin.  Being able to break a single, arbitrarily-chosen key is enough.
Without relying on any results from, say, Shor's Algorithm, we can still use Grover's and treat the cipher as a black box.  Then, the quantum worst-case falls from 2^256 to 2^128 -- still extremely large but not cosmically unfathomably large.
Of course, that probably won't lend itself to a *practical* attack, but even finding a collision would do.  Combining [Grover's Algorithm and the birthday attack]( gives a runtime of 2^256/3 or about 2^85 -- something that might one day be practical on an iDyson.
(Practically, this is just nibbling at the edges.  More likely attacks are zero-day use of an unknown quantum computer to crack ECDSA, sudden 51% attacks from a well-funded sponsor, or blockchain-disrupting techniques.)
@_date: 2013-06-20 00:31:29
True, I suppose a birthday attack would be better spent forging transactions outright, breaking the hash rather than the public/private keypairs.  I wonder how the blockchain would respond to a hash collision.
@_date: 2013-06-04 19:58:05
The store will still be required to pay its corporate income tax on profits (in US$), even if payment was taken in bitcoin.  Likewise, states will almost certainly want their sales tax (remitted in dollars).
These regulations aren't bitcoin-specific, they are more famous for capturing barter transactions.
@_date: 2013-06-06 17:26:10


That could be accomplished by exposing the raw block number to output scripts.  A time-locked transaction would read as "output to &lt;self&gt; if blocknumber &gt; $foo, OR output to &lt;paper wallet&gt;".  The bock number &gt; $foo would be false if a redemption transaction is included in any block with a number less than or equal to $foo, so it would provide a crude-but-provable time-lock on claiming the output.