@_author: maker86
@_date: 2013-11-25 17:21:03
Navy Federal has been fairly bitcoin friendly in my experience.  In fact, I called yesterday to authorize a large wire and the CSR and I ended up having a discussion about bitcoin and his own bitcoin investments.  Unfortunately, international wires are more difficult if the other bank does not have a US-based branch.
I've recently decided to move my bitcoin related and investment banking to a larger commercial bank that has so far been bitcoin friendly.  If you're in the SE or midwest, feel free to send me a PM for their information.
@_date: 2013-10-18 17:26:34
I hope not, but a lot of people still write login systems that use GET requests.  Especially amateurs writing various bitcoin sites. 
Regardless, I see no negatives to a site operator never knowing his users' passwords to begin with. 
@_date: 2013-10-19 13:26:51
Mitm attacks are mitigated with ssl.  That is the most reasonable thing a site operator can do in that regard.  Should one succeed anyway, having a hash is better than a plain text password in case the user uses that password elsewhere. 
The salted hash scheme works as follows: user wants to open a new account, the New account page generates a random string client side, the password is hash (salt+password) client side and sent to the server along with the salt, subsequent login is a two step process, server recieves a login request with the username and replies with the original salt, and then the client hashes the password as before and sends it to the server.  This scheme would prevent already made Rainbow table attacks but the salt could easily be public knowledge.  A better scheme would be to require two passwords hashed together or even a password and a pin which is used as the salt. 
@_date: 2013-10-18 22:21:59
You can only secure what you write.  You can't force users to not be stupid and use the same password everywhere.  If your servers are compromised, they're compromised.  A hacker probably doesn't need to log in as any particular user anyway.  If the passwords are hashed client side, at least a hacker won't be able to easily use that password elsewhere.  If the client salts the hash with a random per-session string, it becomes even more secure.  This method makes it difficult for a site operator to use his users' credentials elsewhere, and makes it very difficult for a hacker to take advantage of those credentials should your server become compromised.
My background is in computer forensics, and I do freelance pen testing.  If I were so inclined to start hacking bitcoin sites, the simple step of hashing passwords client side would make my work much more difficult.
@_date: 2013-10-18 16:55:56
This is less a question of password sniffing, and has more to do with the fact that I don't want site operators knowing my password.  Another problem that I've seen is that even if the password is stored as a hash, people often forget to wash their logs.  
An honest but incompetent site could jeopardize the security of its users if the site is compromised, but this problem disappears if the site never receives plain text passwords.
@_date: 2013-10-18 03:05:09
It's always concerning to me when I see a password transmitted in plain text.  Is there a good reason to not hash the user's password in the browser before sending it?
@_date: 2013-04-13 09:23:22
The question is from a month and a half ago.  Didn't the site's issues start today?