@_author: makermupermaster
@_date: 2018-02-10 01:11:38
1. Amazon was one of the first large online market stores. Tesla is in an industry with giants like BMW, Toyota, Mercedes, Ford, etc., all of which have more expertise and experience making cars, and thus produce higher quality cars. 
2. Amazon was making profits on its transaction but was investing these profits on building itself. That's why their reports never showed profit. Meanwhile Musk's companies are not making net profit in any of their transactions in the first place.
@_date: 2018-02-10 01:06:39
Stop fucking lying.
The only part that was scripted is them moving it off track by hand, like they did with many, many other cars. When they had the V12 Jaguar XJS on the show, it was presented in such a way that they couldn't finish a sentence while driving before having to stop for gas, again. Yet Jaguar didn't sue them.
1. The car breaking down was not scripted. Tesla says it didn't break because the brakes still worked, you just had to press far harder than normal because a fuse went out. Now I'm not sure about you, but to me that'd qualify as broken. Imagine your brakes failing like that in a real-world scenario.
2. **Tesla also told Top Gear that the batteries would run out after a specific numbers of miles under track conditions (I think it was 55?). Then, Top Gear used that number in the show. That's why they said "It's been calculated that at the track the car would run out after 55 miles" instead of saying "It ran out".** Then they pushed the car off the track even though they didn't drive it 55 miles. Where's the issue?  
  It's a TV show, I don't really have a problem with them doing shots for dramatic effect, it's not like the car would actually do 200 miles on a track when Tesla themselves told them it would be around 55.
There is a reason that the lawsuit from Tesla against Top Gear was thrown out very quickly. Musk often goes apeshit anytime someone gives his cars a mediocre review.
@_date: 2018-02-10 01:09:48
Does that actually surprise you? Tesla's lawsuit was utter insanity. 


We would live in a fucked society if Tesla had won that lawsuit. 