@_author: makeamillionaire
@_date: 2014-08-23 20:23:02
It's rational and well-argued.  Beyond producing evidence that contradicts the arguments it contained, I don't think you can find huge flaws in it, even if you don't think its reasoning still applies to bitcoin today.
So the response will be to downvote and deny because it says something the community as a whole doesn't like, which doesn't say much for us, does it?
@_date: 2014-09-19 19:58:12
Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality.
@_date: 2014-06-01 12:50:39
I think the last thing I'd do in the face of a global economic disaster would be to store my wealth in Bitcoin... because Bitcoin requires a functional Internet to operate globally or it will fracture.
I imagine if governments felt financially threatened in an 'end of the economic world' scenario, they'd have little issue blocking the Internet at the border and only allowing traffic through if they can decrypt and inspect it.  I'm actually kind of surprised they're not trying that already instead of worrying about hacking encryption they don't control.
Instead, I'd probably start a business and hope to choose one that would flourish in a collapsing economy, and continually reinvest in expansion.  After all, fiat in such a scenario wouldn't be worth anything anyway... but land, buildings, and services or goods in demand that you can provide will always bring in something, even if you're dropping back to barter.  And they're harder to steal than a safe full of valuables in my house.
@_date: 2014-09-13 11:01:11


Satoshi: "Hey, I've written this program that lets us assign a limited amount of numbers to each other.  Let's convince people to give us cash for those numbers!  The more people who buy in, the better the supply:demand ratio and the more our original 'coins' will be worth!"
I don't believe that's how it happened, but the only thing stopping early Bitcoin from being the very definition of a Ponzi scheme was the fact that anyone could mine their own.  Imagine if only Satoshi could create new Bitcoins, and the early adopters were the only ones allowed to buy them from him for resale...
Now, of course, it's long since outgrown those early, early stages and is a beast unto itself.
@_date: 2014-03-26 12:28:29
It may also be that the time limit is too far in the future... the drive ends 2014/12/31 at midnight.  
Perhaps people have too little faith in the coin value (assume the donation will cost a lot now and be worth nothing) or too much faith (assume the donation will cost little now, but they'll regret how much they gave when it gets to the Moon).
I don't know.  However, I've stopped doing a daily push.  Now I just post from time to time when it's appropriate.  We shall see what happens, I suppose.
