@_author: malefiicus
@_date: 2018-01-17 01:45:16
I'm only up 50x my initial investment now.  Oh no.
@_date: 2018-01-29 15:36:33
Downvote rescinded, you're a reasonable fellow and I wish you luck!
@_date: 2018-01-29 14:46:29
I'm sorry, your app seems good and worthwhile, but as you wrote about randomly getting downvoted in the title, I feel that even though it's something I never do, I must downvote this.  I can't honestly say I know why I have to do this, but just for the record, writing about it in the title will call this response out of a certain segment of the population, I do not know if it does more harm than good, but that is my assumption.
@_date: 2018-01-17 04:58:37
Thank you!  I really appreciate your response, I hope you have an awesome day as well!
@_date: 2018-01-17 03:02:08
Bitcoin is actually mined with asics, GPU mining is unprofitable, though it might be slightly profitable if you have super cheap energy.  That said Ethereum and other asic resistant cryptocurrencies are mined via GPU.
edit - lol at whoever downvoted correct information.
@_date: 2018-01-12 19:37:27
Every single country is better than whatever country is the shittiest.  America definitely isn't the shittiest, but tyranny and oppression aren't nonexistent just because they're done in slightly subtler ways.  If you're arguably a major power, you're going to do everything, every other major power does to maintain that power, and that involves a lot of fucked up shit.
@_date: 2018-01-15 21:24:24
Look at bitcoins eyes, it saw the same thing we saw.
@_date: 2018-01-17 14:25:17
Perhaps I should have been more clear, or slightly less definitive.  It's possible to make an amount of money mining bitcoin, but that amount, via gpu, is incredibly low.  GPU mining will make you considerably more in many alt coins, and in general GPU mining is a waste of time in bitcoin, provided you are actually trying to mine in a serious manner rather than as a hobbyist.  More power to anyone who makes free cash, but in terms of efficiency, you can mine alts, make more, and depending on what pool you use, they can autoconvert those profits to bitcoin, making it far more profitable to mine alts than bitcoin, even if your goal is solely to acquire more bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-17 03:06:17
Nothing has ever lost 1200%.  Things can lose up to 100%, at which point it's worth zero.  For instance, the price of bitcoin is $10k, if it loses $10k in value, it's 100%.  If it loses $9k in value, it's 90%.  
@_date: 2018-01-17 17:11:16
I sold like 3% a month or so ago, none recently, and I have no plans to sell for a while.  I also generate a reasonable salary from masternode rewards, so there's no sweat for me.
@_date: 2018-09-19 17:52:17
I never said a thing about your level of intellect, my comment is on your understanding of the market.  You could be a rocket scientist, a super brilliant person far, far more intelligent than me, but that doesn't tell me anything about your level of understanding when it comes to the market.  Take me back a year and I'd have written something like you did, so I can see where you're at, and I know how long it took me to get from there to where I am now.  I've explained it in the plainest manner I can, you can either try to figure out why your logic is off, or you can assume that you're right and hopefully a while down the line you'll come around.  Either way, that's not a valid cause to waste my time on, so you can feel however you want about this, but that's the case.
The only piece of advice I can give you, is that when you make up reasons to explain something you don't understand, it's pretty obvious and easy to spot.  If you can figure out when you're doing that, you'll grow a lot.  No offense man, but everything you wrote is just bullshit, it's based on your own faulty logic, not an understanding of the market.
@_date: 2018-09-19 17:30:34
You don't understand how markets work and that's fine, but you probably shouldn't comment on it with that being the case.  I'm not going to waste my time arguing against poor points based on faulty logic, nor will I repeat or add to what I've already told you.  It's too much work for literally no payoff.
@_date: 2018-09-19 17:27:29
If you don't understand market cycles, you probably shouldn't comment on market cycles.  Obviously the markets aren't so simple that it can be completely explained in a simple comment, but the reality is markets bottom and markets top.  If you think it'll just go to zero then you simply don't understand it.
@_date: 2018-09-19 16:13:03
That's not how it works.  It's called a cycle because people are often driven between fear and greed.  Once fear is gone, the market naturally starts to change over to greed.  This means traders, investors, hedge funds, etc, all start telling people to invest and that the bottom is in, etc.  The price starts multiplying just from people who pulled out earlier feeling comfortable enough to put more money back into btc, and all the new investors that people bring in due to the nature and structure of the market changing.  Lets say this is 2015-2017, retail doesn't get in during 2015, or 2016, when the price goes from $170-&gt;$1000.  Retail still doesn't get in when price goes from $1000-$5000, though once the previous ATH was broken more of them showed up, it pales in comparison to the retail interest that came around $10k, which brought us from $10k-$20k in under a month, and then saw us crash spectacularly.
So uninformed buyers were a big part of what happened last year, but most of them got in during a 3 week period and got rekt, price still went plenty far prior to that without much actual interest from retail.
@_date: 2018-05-20 11:43:49
I'd tell you that you're not entirely wrong, and are in fact largely right, except on that last line, because other coins with legitimate value propositions will absorb some, if not most of the pump and dump money over time.
@_date: 2018-05-21 16:53:42
You didn't.  You said something that 70 billion dollars, tons of huge businesses, billionaires, and damn near everyone in the crypto community disagrees with.  It's like when people claim the climate change isn't real, when every scientist agrees on it.  You can be happy with your own opinion that it's pointless, I'm going to hold to the idea that everyone else besides you probably knows a lot more about it, especially because that view coincides with my own rational understanding of what's going on, which is based on more than a flippant comment about something being pointless.  I agree though, we should drop it.
@_date: 2018-05-20 02:16:30
5 years ago bitcoin was the only coin that had a value proposition, everything else was nonsense.  There were no platform tokens, no security tokens, no utility tokens, just a lot of bullshit that was trying to be bitcoin, and almost all of them did poorly.
Now, altcoins are legitimate coins, with legitimate value propositions.  It's why last year was the first year that bitcoin experienced a large drop in dominance.  
Saying all of this, is not to suggest that 5 years from now the top 10 is going to look anything like it looks now, tech moves fast.  My point is simply that this data is from a time when no coin offered actual innovation, and now we're seeing tons of coins that do important things that bitcoin cannot currently do.  
I love BTC, I hope and expect it to do very, very well, but let's not be disingenuous.  
@_date: 2018-05-20 19:12:41
If you think that coins today are not significantly better, and more specialized/useful than coins 5 years ago, then we're just going to have to agree to disagree.
@_date: 2018-05-08 15:10:11
Same enemy of bitcoin, Ver.
@_date: 2018-05-20 11:55:15
VeChain/Walton are end to end supply chain/logistics coins.  Basically you can track products between companies, or track products put out for sale, having an active and constantly updated record of how quickly something is selling, how many you have in stock, etc.  Lots of useful applications here, that will only grow with time.
Populous allows for a decentralized invoice marketplace for SMEs, while there are other markets for SMEs to sell invoices, by automating everything Populous can do it cheaper.  
Decentralized prediction markets allow for a less trust based, cheaper, and eventually more efficient prediction market.  Augur, Delphy, lots of other coins offer this.  
All the attempts at a decentralized twitter/facebook/wechat/whatever, will allow for people to eventually have their data in the hands of software rather than untrustworthy companies that will sell it behind your back.   
Syscoin is basically a decentralized Ebay competitor, currently everything is done in a kinda shitty app called blockmarket, but this year they should go live with "Blockmarket web", a website which will be a more viable competitor to ebay with lower fees. 
Obviously Dex's are useful though only specifically to the token economy.  Same goes for exchange tokens.
There are obviously a lot of other useful tokens as well, platform tokens, anonymous tokens, cloud/fog computing, cloud data storage, etc, but that covers most of the coins that offer value propositions different from BTC that I'm aware of, which have sufficiently working technology to prove their viability.  I'm not saying any of these tokens will be the one token that wins their respective market, nor am I suggesting that all of this tech is at a level where it can compete with existing technologies today (though some are very close), I'm simply saying that we're a lot farther along now than we were 5 years ago.
@_date: 2018-05-20 16:59:00
That's your assertion, not fact.  The value proposition of bitcoin is in a few different things, but I'd say primarily it's the following.  Money with a defined emission rate that is deflationary, and the automation of work that was historically handled by several employees at banking establishments.  
Those key points can apply to other cryptocurrencies.  When it comes to a store of value, bitcoin is   Eventually, I think when it comes to payments, bitcoin will be  though this is less certain.  Those are two of the most important functions a cryptocurrency can offer, which is why I expect bitcoin to remain 
That said, a defined emission rate that is deflationary in nature, along with automating work that was formerly done by several individuals, is something that many cryptocurrencies can offer, which allows for cheaper prices.  Not only that, but decentralization is incredibly important as well, and if you can decentralize institutions that typically hold way too much power, then you've achieved something great for humanity.  
Bitcoin did that with banking.  It can be done to facebook, twitter, google, and various other networks where your data is theirs to sell.  I've already listed tons of different cryptos (in reply to another dude in this comment chain), doing things differently from bitcoin, that have legitimate value propositions.  So you may disagree with my arguments, you may disagree that these things are enough to survive long term, that's fine, we're speculating.  But I am not being disingenuous, my arguments are founded on reason and my own assumptions, just like everyone else's arguments.  
What I've labeled as disingenuous is that picture of 5 years ago from CMC, because cryptocurrency has moved forward ridiculously over the last 5 years, and over that time bitcoin went from high 90's in terms of dominance to high 30's, which suggests that the market recognizes the same things I've outlined here.
@_date: 2018-05-21 01:10:39
You replied to my post, which was making specifically that point, saying the lost dominance is because there are so many coins now.  My point has always been that altcoins 5 years ago and altcoins today are vastly different in terms of their value propositions, it's the crux of this entire chain of comments.  That point is the reason why bitcoins dominance has fallen, not just because there are a bajillion tokens (though that is part of it).  That said,  I don't disagree that the space is crowded by a ridiculous amount of useless or redundant tokens, but at this point (unlike 5 years ago) there are some legitimate tokens with actual value propositions other than bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-05-21 04:43:56
You can say shit is pointless, it doesn't make it so. You can also act like bitcoin can easily bring in new features, but you're absolutely wrong on that as well.  You don't know what you're talking about, and the framing of your question suggests a closed mind not worth the engagement.
@_date: 2018-10-28 19:03:34
Same, I'd like to add that if you're at a shopping place and they ask for your number, I don't have a phone is a funny way to play the situation.
@_date: 2018-10-13 05:20:44
Food still tastes good, so at least we got that.
@_date: 2018-10-29 09:11:50
Yeah, whether the higher ups care doesn't matter, whatever makes the job more enjoyable is always a good thing, and being great at anything feels good.  Growing up, my mom basically kept us fed thanks to coupons, so I'm sure your rewards gaming has been incredibly impactful.  I just really hate all the damn questions when I'm trying to check out, and just want to leave more than I want any rewards.
@_date: 2018-10-28 23:24:40
I can't turn down a Bill Burr rant.
@_date: 2018-10-28 23:36:48
@_date: 2018-10-29 01:12:41
I'm not really sure what you're getting at here.  Saying I don't have a phone is best?  Because what follows is stuff about stats and points, so I assume you meant that giving a fake number is best?  I'd say that most people haven't worked retail, meaning nobody is doing it to hurt the retail worker.  You'll probably be a lot happier if you assume that nobody who is saying anything to you at work knows what it's like to work your job, and if they did, odds are you'd have a great interaction. 
Knowing that there's stats or points on getting numbers, if I'm reading all this right, then I guess I'll just 867-5309 it from now on. That said I need to make a point, because this next thing is something I see in a lot of people and I think it's one of the bigger causes of unnecessary suffering in the world. 
 People don't know what it's like to do your job, and this applies to every job out there, so if you think people are just being dicks, it'll get you in a bad mood.  It's better to assume everyone is ignorant, because you'll be accurate more often and it's better for your mental health.  I never imagined that they'd get docked on some bullshit point system for my reply that I don't have a number, it's the company policies I hate, not the worker.
@_date: 2018-06-06 02:39:30
Silent, rich, doesn't care  
or  
Loud, shilling his bags as he sells them  
@_date: 2018-06-04 02:36:44
That impatient bastard!
@_date: 2018-06-03 16:59:03
Ugh man.  That's the risk of this sort of transaction though.  Only thing I can suggest is that you do smaller transfers to start out, then move on to larger transfers once you've established a successful protocol and have a bit of rapport with the people you're trading with.
@_date: 2018-11-18 01:20:22
I'd say it's less ideals and more a mixture of greed and being power hungry.  What they had should have been good enough for them, instead they wanted more money and more control.  This gamble was, at least in their view, the best way to achieve that.  
@_date: 2018-11-23 04:37:52
I have a clue, but that's because I'm a long time disciple of the one true prophet, Rusty Shackleford.
@_date: 2018-03-29 14:24:18
HOLY SHIT!  I told people about that, and you could do a "view source" on the thing and get access to a username + password that works.  I honestly stopped believing it to be true, I told people about it long ago but I just figured I must have mistyped or something.  Now, I know that I was right.  Finally, I have peace.  Thanks
@_date: 2019-01-29 20:06:58
Try to find a number you're comfortable with as your baseline, be it 1btc, 10btc or 100btc, and grow that number.  You never touch that investment.  
With the rest of it, as the price is going down, keep buying.  When the price starts going up, start regularly selling.  Use the price 6m ago as your reference point on whether we're up or down.  Once you've encountered a trend reversal over a 6 month period, consider selling a large % if the uptrend is ending, or buying a large percentage if the downtrend appears to have ended.  
Average the cost over that period of time, don't just go "On x date it was lower than it is on y date so...".  
So real quick, let me give an example.  You invest $1k a month while the market is going down, so looking at 2014 you'd be investing 1k per month from June 2014-Dec 2015, you'd have roughly 40BTC.  Then you'd start selling once we had a 6m reversal, but given that it's a reversal you can also consider bringing in more of your available capital at this point.  Following this reversal of trend, we usually have a pretty good investing situation, but now we're not looking to buy, we're just looking to sell.  I'd start out the first year selling 1-2% per month.  Second year, 2-4% per month.  Third year, 4-8% per month.  The percents are not overly strategic, just that we w/d more as the bull market continues, that we sell more on average at the higher prices by a multiple.  
Doing it like this keeps money flowing into our pockets, growing our cash balance.  At the same time, it keeps our btc growing during bear markets.  All the cash we bank during the bull becomes fuel to help us buy more during the bear.  I think this somewhat simple strategy is superior to most anything else out there, because it follows the principle of "KISS", which is keep it simple stupid.  Lets not pretend we're wizards or geniuses, we're just idiots who want moolah, lets do it the easy way.
@_date: 2018-03-31 21:52:35
Memes is alls we gots in this market downturn.
@_date: 2018-07-30 13:59:14
I'd suggest holding at least 10% of it in bitcoin, if you're really unsure about it perhaps 5%.  That way, you get 90-95% of the money, and have 5-10% to safeguard you from feeling like an idiot if Bitcoin does what all the people in this forum assume it will do.  You should wait 3-5 years and re-evaluate, treat it like a time capsule or something.  
@_date: 2017-09-27 15:45:01
@_date: 2018-04-27 19:18:22
Time won't tell if it's irrefutable, god man, drop the arrogance.  It's something that is very apparent from anyone who got into crypto early, I've had that arrogance myself which is why it's so noticable.  Your well researched opinion is no different than anyone elses well researched opinion, you should stop representing it as if it has any more weight than any other opinion.  There are well researched opinions that agree with yours, and have invested a lot of money in the idea that you're right.  There are well researched opinions that disagree with you, and have invested a lot of money in the idea that you're not right.
The reality is, nobody knows, and a lot of people who have done a lot of research strongly disagree with your assumptions, and some people who have done a lot of research agree.  We don't know.  Nobody knows.  
@_date: 2018-04-27 18:33:19
The problem is that you're expressing your opinion as a well researched opinion that is somewhat irrefutable, rather than showing any ability to process this in any other way.  You should realize that while you hold that opinion, many of these coins are created by teams from top universities, supported by the biggest players in the cryptocurrency space, and offer unique use cases which are different from just store of value/ease of transaction.  
I recognize bitcoin as the defacto store of value and unit of transfer, I believe if a coin becomes ubiquitous and used in everyday life, it will likely be bitcoin.  That doesn't mean that the value of all the other technology created in this space is worth 0, or anything close to it.  It's kinda like when someone expresses an opinion that disagrees with the scientific community at large.  All the experts, or at least the majority, disagree with your assertion and have wagered an incredible amount of wealth on the idea that they are not worth 0, and will not end up worth 0 in any short term time frame (who the hell knows 3-5 years from now, to assume many will die in some manner is a fair assumption, but it doesn't affect what you should do in this current cryptocurrency space).  
So while I agree that Bcash is a scam, referencing your research and stating your opinion as if it's some sort of infallible level of study when tons of other, incredibly successful and intelligent people disagree, is a quite off putting and seems a bit egocentric.  5-10 years from now, will most of these coins die off?  Sure, there will be a consolidation, and the best coins will survive while tons of coins will fall to the wayside, but that's way, way down the line, and right now you're going to make more money in alts than BTC, by far, just like last year, just like now, just like always.  
Also, that most coins made since 2011 are dead argument is nonsense, or focusing on perhaps tons of coins that never gained any traction whatsoever.  Because you can go to  and click on any of them, pretty sure they all exist and are worth a multiple of what they were at their inception.  Maybe they're not doing great, but the coins exist and if you compared them to stocks or any other investment opportunity besides specifically crypto, you'd say they've all done amazingly.
@_date: 2018-04-27 19:49:42
That's your opinion and you're entitled to it, I'd say that being right about your opinion in the face of tons of people doubting it, is something that makes one very, very confident in their opinion.  I've spent my life as a professional poker player, dealing with incomplete information and making the best decisions possible with it.  In doing so I've learned that opinions are good, data is better, results are best.  I've done quite well myself, though I haven't been in the crypto game as long as you have, that said, I work with a lot of ceos, crypto hedge fund operators and various other people who are deep into crypto, and none of them hold your opinion.  
So again, I'd say your stubbornness is what got you so far, but it's not only a virtue, it's also a vice.  Being stuck with solely your own opinion, and ignoring the opinions of everyone else, is not a reasonable approach.  I wish you continued success, but I also see in you the same issue I see with many people who are successful in crypto, which is some measure of narcissism stemming from being right about something everyone doubted.  This is just my opinion though, perhaps it hasn't affected you in that way, I've seen it affect me in that way though, and that's what I'm seeing here.  I wish someone had let me know earlier, before I realized it on my own, which is why I'm mentioning it.
@_date: 2018-04-27 21:53:57
What the hell are you talking about?  I said Bcash is a scam, I've always said that, because it is.  We're on the same side, though given the way you interact with people I'm not happy about it.
@_date: 2018-04-25 14:44:13
I understand your perspective, but you have to understand that everyone isn't you.  I'm assuming you're reasonably intelligent and assume that people who can't avoid such scams are dumb for falling for them.  They should be doing research, or whatever, before they make that decisions, so it's on them.  The reality is, nigerian prince emails work because old people are not aware enough to realize what is going on.  Dumb people, are not aware enough to realize what's going on.  
It's not about whether it's a scam capable of tricking normal/intelligent people.  49% of any country is below average intelligence.  Perhaps those people shouldn't be investing, but that's not something we can prevent.  We have to work with the society we have, which is why all those scammers, the guys on twitter saying send 1 eth to x to recieve 5 y, are successful.  It's why bitconnect got gigantic.  
The world is full of people who need to be protected from predatory and fraudulent actors, such as Roger Ver.  It is a scam, and it is misleading.  Does that mean the coin has no utility whatsoever?  No.  It just means that it's being used to scam people out of their money.
@_date: 2018-04-29 16:35:03
It doesn't matter what they believe.  I can believe that the speed limit is 55, that doesn't make the speed limit 55, it especially doesn't mean if I put up fake speed limit signs that say 55, that the speed limit has been changed.  The world has agreed that Bitcoin, is BTC, and Bitcoin Cash is an altcoin.  Just because a minority opinion exists, doesn't mean it's valid, nor does it mean that by saying nonsense they believe, that it's honest.  
I've said this before, but if your mom, grandma, grandpa, dad, or other technologically inept person wants to buy bitcoin, where would they probably go?  Bitcoin.com.  What would happen when they got there?  They'd be hammered with nonsense that suggests there is no Bitcoin, there's Bitcoin Cash, and Bitcoin Core.  If you wanted to buy actual bitcoin, that doesn't exist, there's just the old version of bitcoin, Bitcoin Core, and the new, updated and more advanced version of bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash.  Which is complete nonsense, a willful misrepresentation of the truth, and a subversive trick to get people to mistakenly buy Bitcoin Cash when they're trying to buy Bitcoin.  If that non technical person goes to bitcoin.com to buy bitcoin, and they get convinced to buy bitcoin cash by the misrepresentations laid out by Roger Ver, did they get what they wanted, or were they fraudulently mislead?
@_date: 2018-04-27 21:59:50
Again, I've always said BCH is a scam, have said so literally 3 posts up, and you can check my post history where just yesterday I, prior to this thread, also said BCH is a scam, and Craig Wright is a fraud and thief.  