@_author: malfet1066
@_date: 2016-06-04 08:30:49
Unfortunately not. Economics is, for better or worse, an empirical science. The models that get used are *reasonably* predictive, but at the data is always very messy at the end of the day.
@_date: 2016-06-01 16:59:13
Came first in what sense? Didn't Smith talks about price inflation with all his labor equivalent of corn stuff?
@_date: 2016-06-03 00:53:20
I've read the email, but you're conflating things it presents as fact and things it presents as speculation. According to the email, Gaddafi had a lot of gold. According to the email, *an unnamed source in Libya thinks* that's why Sarkozy supported NATO.
You don't get get from there to the article without either very poor reading skills or an intention to deceive.
@_date: 2016-06-02 14:29:09
In case anyone's curious, here's what the email *actually* says: an unidentified source in Libya speculated that Sarkozy's support for NATO might have been motivated by Gaddafi's desire to replace France as the major power in Francophone Africa.
Somehow, in giant game of telephone that is modern journalism,  that unidentified source's speculation became a fact.
@_date: 2016-06-04 16:55:12
Finance is a *margins* game. Nothing is inevitable. Bitcoin offers numerous efficiency advantages, but the tangible costs of illegality are massive. If better technologies always won, we'd still be on a gold standard.
@_date: 2016-06-03 01:00:00
No, it's not. What the email mentions is an unnamed source who speculates that Gaddafi's gold may have been a factor in Sarkozy's support for NATO. Just because the word "gold" is in there doesn't make it a historical fact.
@_date: 2016-06-03 04:44:14
I'm sure that's exactly the point the author is trying to make, but it doesn't change the fact that calling bitcoin a public utility is a misuse of the term with very negative legal implications.
@_date: 2016-06-07 10:03:50


Shift is very cool, and if there were a debit network where I live I'd get one in a heartbeat. But, the entire thing is designed to be a thin settlement layer on top of a very deep dollar economy. That's the problem with retail. Even if every consumer-facing business in the world started accepting bitcoin tomorrow, it'll still just be a veneer on the "real" economy until bitcoin becomes an actual bona fide unit of account. It doesn't matter how many bitcoin-denominated sales you make if you're still paying your employees in dollars, filing your taxes in dollars, signing your lease in dollars, importing your supplies in dollars, and securing financing in dollars. Your business is still 100% dollar-oriented in every way that matters.
The test for this is simple: if there's a change in the dollar&lt;-&gt;bitcoin exchange rate, what happens to the price of all the things you can buy in bitcoin? Until businesses can do all the things I just listed *natively in bitcoin*, even retail is locked to movement in the dollar. That's the driving incentive structure.
@_date: 2016-06-03 04:32:40


Bitcoin is *not* a public utility, and it would be very foolish for us to start calling it that. Call it a "public system" or even "public good" if you want, but in the US and many other places "public utility" is a regulatory designation. 
Industries are classified as public utilities precisely to justify state intervention into their management. Describing bitcoin in these terms is at best misleading and at worst legally dangerous.
@_date: 2016-06-02 02:09:10


I've never seen any empirical research to suggest that money's first job on its way out of the fed (i.e., debt service vs consumption) has any effect on inflation. Can you substantiate your claim?
@_date: 2016-06-02 02:59:06
That's one mechanism among many. For a currency like bitcoin, it's relatively down the list as far as drivers of price go.
@_date: 2016-06-02 17:28:51


Or, they'll just continue to be illegal.
You're working hard to persuade me of how much potential blockchain technology has, but you don't have to. I get it, believe me. But, the more pragmatic reality here is that the CFTC has already declared its intention to regulate bitcoin as a commodity rather than a currency. That means no bitcoin-denominated futures contracts on any public exchanges. Guys like you and me might wander over to icbit to try our luck, but Delta Airlines isn't going to start buying blackmarket fuel futures just because central bankers are wasteful.
Now extrapolate that same capture by fiat to every regulated financial transaction. Who's going to buy bitcoin-denominated insurance if it doesn't meet statutory requirements? Who's going to use bitcoin for foreign trade if Customs won't recognize its bills of sale? Who's going to pay their employees in bitcoin if it means flouting minimum wage laws? Who's going to buy a house with bitcoin if it means giving up a mortgage interest deduction?
These aren't rhetorical questions. They're all real, tangible barriers to bitcoin's uptake, and they're ubiquitous. You talk about price stability following several orders of magnitude in growth, but that begs the only relevant question: what industry is in a position to drive that kind of growth? Fiat may very well not be able to compete with crypto, but by all indiciations *it doesn't have to*. The kinds of scale that bitcoin needs to be relevant are only going to be possible if something causes the state to change. I'm optimistic that it can happen, but there's no routing around anything here. 
@_date: 2016-06-02 03:18:07
Maybe. I'm not particularly interested in *why* Santoshi designed bitcoin as he did, but saying it was primarily due to his thoughts on inflation seems like a bit of a stretch.
More to the point, an (ultimately) fixed supply certainly doesn't mean that bitcoin will be free of price inflation. That's what I was trying to say before.
@_date: 2016-06-05 04:08:28
That's just not true, though. Ask 100 economists what happens if your money supply constantly expands relative to underlying commerce, for example, and they'll all tell you that you get inflation. Ask them what happens when a public stops trusting its currency, and they'll all tell you that it will seek alternatives.
There's not a consensus on everything, but there is a consensus on quite a bit. And, many of those points of consensus bode very well for bitcoin and its future.
@_date: 2016-06-01 15:41:28
Indeed. It's particularly a problem in a young currency like bitcoin, where money supply and price are almost completely uncoupled.
@_date: 2016-06-04 08:26:20
If you're looking for a good explanation of sidechains, I like [this one](
The DAO is a very novel implementation of a very old concept. It does not, however, replicate the functions of stock issuance in any sense. It's more like a hedge fund with automated mechanics. I don't see any reason why blockchain currencies are going to replace stocks, nor can I even imagine how it could happen. They're just completely different financial instruments with completely different goals and mechanics.
@_date: 2016-06-01 14:08:44
Zero yield would be the best thing that could ever happen to bitcoin.
Sudden spikes in bitcoin's value (like the one this past week) are good news for people holding a position but bad news generally for the currency as a whole. I know this kind of claim tends to get downvoted to oblivion, but it's just the economic reality. Without price stability (or at least price predictability), it's going to be very hard for bitcoin to replace fiat currency in anything more than niche retail.
@_date: 2016-06-01 16:00:45




"Printing money" is a worse than useless term, but quantitative easing does at least potentially increase the total supply of money in circulation. Central banks do it precisely because they hope it will.
The CNBC article you link is a bit misleading because it implies that the federal reserve's balance sheet works the same way that everyone else's does. That's not true. Reserves aren't actually liabilities for them in the way that deposits are for a retail bank. The only constraint they face on buying up assets is the risk of excessive inflation. Obviously, the rest of us face more concrete limitations.
Likewise, the fed is able to buy up bonds against market trends, and this has the effect of artificially lowering medium and long term interest rates. That's the whole point, in fact. While that doesn't directly increase the money supply, it strongly incentivizes private banks to lend by ensuring that they have excess reserves and by decreasing the return on other, non-lending investments. There's no guarantee that quantitative easing will expand the money supply, but if it doesn't that's only because it's not working.
@_date: 2016-06-09 05:43:30


Eventually, though, people are going to *stop* thinking that if it doesn't at some point *start* being true. That's what I'm trying to get at here. No matter how we shake things down, bitcoin's future as a global currency depends on its usefulness for more than just speculation and settlement. We can't just assume that the dollar's monopoly will fall apart as bitcoin's value grows because, if we can't break that monopoly, bitcoin's value isn't going to keep growing. Eventually, speculators want pay-out.


The 13% (developed countries) and 36% (underdeveloped countries) describes informality, not illegality. I live in a very underdeveloped country, and the best estimates put informal commerce well above 50% of the total GDP. That's not because people have brushed aside regulators, though. It's because most commerce here is so devastatingly undercapitalized that citizens have nothing to lose by ignoring regulation and the government has nothing to gain by enforcing it. 
@_date: 2016-06-01 09:36:16


This is just incorrect. Bitcoin is money. It's really innovative money, with all of the advantages you've listed and more, but it's still just money. 
Banks don't trade in plain old money anymore, at least not on any significant scale. What modern banks buy and sell is *contracts*. Virtually everything that constitutes contemporary finance takes place in private secondary markets, where notional values exceed actual cash transactions by several orders of magnitude. This is so fundamental to our economic system that it is hard to even imagine what things would look like otherwise. Bitcoin *cannot* replace every manner of current finance because current finance is constituted by a vast range of securities that exist only by authority of the state; bitcoin is fundamentally free from those structures of power.
I get it...you don't find these distinctions between different institutions interesting because you believe that the blockchain's ascendency is inevitable. If crypto is guaranteed to win, it doesn't matter exactly who might try to stand in its way or how. That's...optimistic. Considering how easy it was just in this past century for the state to slide in and replace a better technology (gold) with a worse one (fiat debt money), your bets on bitcoin should be based on more than just faith in humanity's ability to choose what's "better". Until bitcoin functions as a genuine unit of account, it has no meaningful ability to counteract the power that a money-bank-state nexus maintains over your life. It's just paypal with better privacy. 
So, let's hear it. Given every legal barrier to using bitcoin as a denominating unit in trade, how will bitcoin's eventual dominance begin? How do we get from here (using bitcoins to buy dollar-priced goods from a handful of tech-friendly retailers) to there (bitcoin-denominated futures contracts and joint stock roll-outs)? If bank money is simply irrelevant, who with anything to lose is going to be the first to invest capital in architectures of finance that openly defy the state's monopoly on currency?
Edit: clarifications
@_date: 2016-06-02 04:09:21


I'm not sure what you mean by "real" here, but money's value is only based on the future productive capacity of the economy if it's issued against some kind of central debt. There's no reason that needs to be the case.
@_date: 2016-06-02 17:41:07
What was a big issue for us? Gaddafi's ambitions to issue a gold-based currency? There's nothing in this email that actually suggests that. The fact that some random guy had a theory about Sarkozy does not tell us anything useful or interesting.
@_date: 2016-06-05 05:30:11
Those are intentionally simplistic examples (though they certainly weren't common sense even just 100 years ago). Examples of consensus on more complex examples would include things like Verdoorn's law and Thirlwall's dynamic trade multiplier.
@_date: 2016-06-05 00:50:36


That's what I'm saying though...bitcoin might be anonymous, but companies aren't. If I want to run a commercial bakery, I can't just sell cookies on the darknet. I have to get a lease, pay my employees, maintain my books, insure my equipment, and file my taxes. Down the road, I might want to buy commodity futures to guarantee my margins or even go public. If I try to do any of those things in bitcoin, I am very exposed to regulation because of my visible, public presence on Main Street. There's no need for a crackdown, even. To varying degrees, doing all of those things with bitcoin is illegal *right now*. The USD has a legally-enforced monopoly over legal businesses, and no good comes from underestimating the ability of banks to help keep it that way.
@_date: 2016-06-07 03:33:54
A rising price isn't necessarily a good thing for a currency. It's good for an investment, but in a number of ways the fact that bitcoin's value has risen so quickly actually undermines its ability to function as regular money. 
That's the problem. However much the dollar economy is struggling, the fact that so much commerce is denominated in dollars goes a long, long way to stabilize the dollar's price. Bitcoin doesn't have that advantage. As a result, there's a bit of a chicken/egg problem here. Even if the dollar were to suddenly fall out of favor as a reserve currency, bitcoin doesn't have the scale of exchange to step in as an alternative. To get that scale, it needs to start serving as the basis of a very large volume of commercial activity. In the current regulatory environment, however, it's very, very hard to use bitcoin for anything but retail. It's difficult for me to imagine how that will change without changes to laws.
@_date: 2016-06-03 11:26:01
Regulating bitcoin could only protect people's access to it if the things preventing access were within the bitcoin industry itself. That's not the case here. Regulating bitcoin does nothing to stop anti-competative practices by non-bitcoin banks. Likewise, I'm not sure what expanding regulatory control brings to the table.
@_date: 2016-06-02 02:12:20
We can do more than "only hope", we can spend bitcoin and accept it as payment :)
@_date: 2016-06-01 14:40:34
I'm definitely not suggesting that we block anything, and I apologize if I gave that impression. Volatility is bad, but anything resembling an intervention would kill the currency dead.
And, you're right, 8 billion dollars isn't much as far as these things go. That number needs to get several orders of magnitude larger, but there's a big difference between growth driven by increased rates of circulation and growth driven by speculation on future value. It's always tricky to get concrete data on this kind of stuff, but it's probably safe to say that what happened last week wasn't about a sudden expansion in bitcoin's commercial base.
@_date: 2016-06-03 02:51:10
I didn't mention it because it's not a fact. It's not even presented as a fact by the author of the email.
How many times have you seen headlines like "Bitcoin doomed to deflationary spiral, ^claims ^source". It's a rhetorical slight of hand, and it's the hallmark of propaganda journalism.
@_date: 2016-06-03 06:02:07
No, but they could severely limit its scope of economic utility. Most regulatory bodies currently treat bitcoin as a commodity rather than a currency, for example. That has very big implications for anyone who wants to use bitcoin for anything more than retail.
@_date: 2016-06-05 07:34:48
Not a libertarian in any conventional sense, but TIPS rarely make sense for individuals. They're not especially liquid, and (no matter what you think about fiat currency) holding on to dollars in significant quantities for a decade at a time is not generally a smart plan. 
Edit: grammar
@_date: 2016-06-02 02:02:07


Sure, a modern theory of monetary policy would have made no sense in Smith's time. My question was why monetary inflation is "first". There's no simple causal relationship between the two, and both are old as the hills as far as empirical measurements go.
@_date: 2016-06-03 05:24:28
When the FCC designated the internet as a public utility, they did it in order to place the owners of its underlying infrastructure (Comcast, Time Warner, AT&amp;T, etc) under direct regulatory control. Some will object, perhaps, but arguing that this protected people's access to the internet isn't unreasonable.
The situation with bitcoin is very different. If bitcoin were to be designated as a public utility, the only consequence would be that bitcoin's underlying infrastructure would come under the same regulatory control. That's not banks, though. It's exchanges, nodes, and miners. Treating bitcoin as a utility does nothing to prevent banks from acting anti-competatively because banks don't own or control the blockchain. You and I do, and expanding regulation of us doesn't help us.
@_date: 2016-06-02 14:49:56
The CFA isn't the French franc.
@_date: 2016-06-01 16:04:44
Like said, the term is used in two different ways. In my experience at least, when people use the term "inflation" by itself without any modifier, they're talking about an empirical measurement of prices for consumer goods (i.e., candy bars used to cost a nickel, now they cost a buck). In mature currencies, price inflation is often caused by money inflation, but it doesn't have to be. There are many possible other causes.
@_date: 2016-06-04 08:12:21
Sure, that's why drugs are so easy to get illegally. But, there's a world in between bitcoin's viability and the rise of blackmarkets. Hormel isn't about to buy pork futures on blackmarket bitcoin exchanges. If bitcoin's not an option, it will just use dollars.
The continued growth of blockchain currencies is going to require some significant regulatory changes. Don't underestimate the ability of banks to sabotage that process.
@_date: 2016-06-08 04:47:35
What will drive bitcoin's price stability is not market cap; it's [velocity]( In normal circumstances, the two measurements should be strongly correlated, but bitcoin's pricing dynamics are still driven disproportionately by speculation. The fact that we all talk about bitcoin's total valuation as a "market cap" is itself an interesting demonstration of this; it shows how much the community still thinks of crypto primarily as an investment and only secondarily as currency.
In other words, price is a poor indicator of bitcoin's growth. The only thing that will make bitcoin an actual unit of account is a "domestic" economy. For *that* to grow by several orders of magnitude, bitcoin needs to do a lot more than just facilitate transactions. It needs to denominate the actual creation of useable value. Even relative to its $9B nominal value, Bitcoin's GDP (or whatever we want to call the equivalent in this post-blockchain world) is still very, very small. Real growth doesn't come through speculation, and retail contributes only marginally. Bitcoin's fundamentals are going to have to come from something else, and it's just not clear to me what commercial sector is in a position to drive those changes without significant changes in the law first.
@_date: 2016-06-03 16:39:14
I'm so confused that I don't even know where to start, I'm afraid. Are you sure you understand how sidechains work? Let's go step by step:
* In order to secure a sidechain, the startup needs to buy some bitcoins and take them "off" the main blockchain. How much do they buy, why do they buy that particular amount, and where are they getting this money?
* Next, they need to create sidechain coins and sell them to investors. How is the price of these sidecoins determined, and who is keeping track of all these transactions?
* Eventually, investors are going to want to see a return. If the sidecoins don't represent equity, what do they represent and how is their value determined?  
@_date: 2016-06-01 03:53:32
So, it seems we agree on a few critical points:
* Both the Federal Reserve and its mandate for expansionary monetary policy were established by government legislation
* All decisions about base money supply are made by people appointed by the government and their underlings
* Dollars derive their value from the commodification of government debt, and
* Private citizens are compelled to fund fiat currency by the threat of government force.
...nevertheless, "government's role [in] money no longer matters". It's all bankers, you say, through unspecified and indirect mechanisms.
What do you think bankers do, anyway? I ask because, for the life of me, I can't understand how you expect blockchain technology to eliminate any significant amount of banker power from your life. Bitcoin is great for facilitating anonymous, dependable, cheap transactions between private individuals, but banks are only trivially exposed to that game. It's just not interesting to them. Without a substantial rewrite of government regulation, the blockchain won't protect you from bank-driven volatility in commodity prices, it won't eliminate bank predation on investment assets, and it certainly won't undermine the ability of banks to influence government.
If you are somehow avoiding "the labyrinth of controls that are unavoidable in current finance", you're doing something illegal. That's all well and good until the state drops by. Without dramatic changes to the law, the only thing bitcoin can really offer is a (partial) substitute for a checking account. 
If that's your revolution...meh.
@_date: 2016-06-05 04:11:17


The market always wins, but that doesn't mean that the best technology always does. At the moment, market forces are exactly what prevents bitcoin's broad uptake: for the overwhelming majority of businesses, the costs of illegality are simply higher than the utility advantage that bitcoin offers over fiat.
Why is that going to change? Bitcoin's utility in mainstream commerce is actually still quite low, and it's going to stay low until its level of market activity grows by several orders of magnitude. Anarchist bakeries aside, no industry of any scale is in a position to drive that growth if it means defying the federal government. Their shareholders wouldn't allow it. So who is this vanguard going to be? Who is going to start conducting the huge amounts of commerce in bitcoin necessary to make overt civil disobedience economically rational for everyone else?
@_date: 2016-06-01 14:16:24
He's saying that the supply of bitcoin is growing at a rate of 8.1% per year, though that's really not what economists usually mean when they talk about "inflation".
@_date: 2016-06-04 14:01:13
"A priori science" is a contradiction in terms, even if Mises himself used the phrase. The very fact of bitcoin's existence proves a great many a priori assumptions in economics wrong. If your way of understanding currency owes more to the theories of a bunch of dead guys than to what *actually* happens in the world, I don't have much use for it.
(If you want to get into an actual history of Mises argument here, I'd be happy to, but this Gene Callahan guy is misunderstanding it entirely. Austrian economics does indeed take an unorthodox stance in the very old debate between logical positivism and Kantianism, but at no point does it reject the very central role of empirical data in observational science. For a more nuanced view of the theory's history, see [here](
@_date: 2016-06-03 17:24:11
Sidechains aren't a way to create altcoins. They are, to simplify a bit, a way to pull bitcoins off the main blockchain in order to provide for bitcoin-pegged transactions that don't take place through the bitcoin protocol.
It sounds like what you're thinking about is a way to use blockchain technology to issue and trade equity positions. There is certainly plenty of interest along those lines, though at the moment the barriers are more legal than technical. It's hard to imagine that individual startups would roll out their own "currency", however, given the overhead and trust issues that would go with it. But, it's certainly possible that an exchange like the NYSE would want to implement something like the blockchain as a public ledger.
@_date: 2016-06-03 14:18:11
In addition to what said, another con is that certain prices tend to be "sticky". From what I can gather, commodities tend to adjust in price relatively quickly, so as long as the deflation is stable that's not a problem. Wages, on the other hand, tend to be much harder change.
That said, it's going to be a long time before bitcoin's inflation/deflation is driven primarily by supply dynamics. For the foreseeable future, other factors are going to be far more significant.
@_date: 2016-06-03 10:31:52
I'm not sure I'm following you here. How would coins on sidechains replace equity shares if the coins are, in and of themselves, valuable? The entire reason that a startup seeks venture capital is to get money that it can spend now.
@_date: 2016-05-23 15:45:15
Finally! A way to own bitcoin without any of the pesky advantages of being able to use it.
@_date: 2016-05-23 01:52:04
I'm pretty new to bitcoin, but it seems like there's a lot of concern about two things:
- that mining is concentrated in giant Chinese ASIC farms
- that those Chinese farms are going to close up shop when the next halving comes.
For the sake of argument, let's assume that 50% of the aggregate mining power does disappear abruptly. Aside from slightly sluggish blocks for a little while, I'm not sure what the concern is.
@_date: 2016-05-29 12:26:39
Edit: Okay, I see we're editing posts after replies go up now. Anyway, what I had here before is now irrelevant, so I'll just reply below.
@_date: 2016-05-20 17:00:14
Perhaps I'm just not following you, but your second sentence doesn't seem to follow from your first sentence. 
Given how quickly things have changed for bitcoin over the last five years, it's hard to imagine how we'd model currency destruction rates over the next five. But, even if we could, that tells us very little about value deflation...especially for a relatively small currency like bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-05-29 16:01:08
It's a good paraphrase of Marx, and I mean that as a compliment. Nevertheless, figuring out how to translate labor theories of value into the context of fiat economies is decidedly non-trivial. When states can intervene directly to change the value of currency, it's very difficult to equate liens on future labor and debt in anything but very vague terms.
@_date: 2016-05-24 11:47:14


That depends entirely on what those people would do with those savings if it became apparent that bitcoin's value was likely to hold steady for the foreseeable future.


Indeed, some extent of speculation is essential in an illiquid market. Without arbitrage, markets are inefficient. I don't think anyone would doubt that at this point.
That doesn't mean that, as a general principle, more speculation is better. Not enough is bad, but too much is bad, too. I don't think that's a controversial statement. The relevant question is where bitcoin currently sits. 
If bitcoin were to face liquidity problems, we should really wonder why. There has never in the history of the world been a currency better at facilitating buyers and sellers despite their remote geographical locations, mismatched languages, or oppresive legal jurisdictions. If OpenLedger has a 38 point spread, it's not because bitcoin doesn't have enough speculation. It's because, for whatever reasons, people have decided to use other exchanges instead. With an open, decentralized currency, exchanges are largely interchangeable. Those few standing orders on OpenLedger are presumably there just to catch whoever happens to wander in from google. Moreover, with the exception of a very small vanguard, nobody at this point is using bitcoin as a unit of account. If there's a liquidity crunch, it's not because of low consumer confidence, banks reluctant to lend, or some other economic fundamental. People use bitcoin to come into and out of fiat economies, and that generates a sizable constant turnover. In a healthy ecosystem, bitcoin should need very little help staying liquid. That's one of its greatest advantages over fiat.
To that end, the example of the $10M export trade is an interesting one, but I disagree with your interpretation. You are absolutely right that a trade of that size would cause drastic inefficiency, but that's to be expected at this point in bitcoin's history. Relative to the current market cap, it's just a massively huge transaction...nearly a fifth of a percent of the entire currency. If you tried to buy up an equivalent proportion of dollars, euros, or yuan, you'd face the same problems. You could argue that we should hope for a rapid expansion so that bitcoin can handle large transactions sooner rather than later, but a currency that behaved like that would be inherently volatile. If 1 btc rapidly climbs to 100,000 usd, will there be enough $10M import/export trades to maintain that kind of pricing? Maybe, but maybe not. In either case, this isn't a path to stability.
To be clear, I'm not judging anyone or calling anyone out for treating bitcoin as a potentially high-yield investment. That would make me a hypocrite. I'm just saying that we should be careful what we wish for. When Wall Street starts wrapping unspendable bitcoins in ETFs, their market isn't savvy investors or even ideological true-believers. It's Jerry from accounting, who heard about bitcoin on the news. That's the makings of a bubble, and nobody benefits from that except the Winklevoss twins.
Edit: and thanks for the interesting post!
@_date: 2016-05-23 16:22:38
The day bitcoin starts showing up in 401k portfolios is the day to start shorting it.
Edit: Wow! I guess this isn't a popular sentiment around here. Perhaps people thought I was just trolling, but my claim is completely sincere: speculation is good for speculators but bad for bitcoin. I've explained a bit more below. If anybody wants to clarify why they disagree, I'd read it with interest.)
@_date: 2016-05-20 12:51:12
Maybe, but what the OP's describing amounts to more than just dust.
@_date: 2016-05-20 14:04:50
It's a happy outcome for people who want to use bitcoin as a long-term asset. How it affects people who want to use it as a currency, on the other hand, is a lot less clear.
@_date: 2016-05-22 16:51:25
Maybe, but why do that? Classifying this all as ordinary unearned income rather than capital gains could have OP overpaying what he actually owes by as much as $20k. That seems like a terrible waste of money.
@_date: 2016-05-21 01:35:17
I'm not sure that's true. There are many things that markets account for, but up to this point a fixed/shrinking money supply has never been one of them. Even gold availability scaled with demand, to an extent.
I don't mean to imply pessimism here. A currency with a fixed supply is something radically new, and we need something new. But, over the medium term at the very least, it means bitcoin's nominal value will be driven by its rate of uptake, which is inevitably unpredictable. That's the driver of scarcity here, not quantity.
@_date: 2016-05-22 16:44:45
If you don't have records, you'll have to post your best guesses without documentation. If the IRS doesn't believe you, it will have the option to sue you, but the reality is that there will be very little evidence here for them to use against you. The fact that you're acting in apparent good faith also makes it quite unlikely for you to end up in court...much less likely (and with far, far less serious consequences) than if you tried to launder the money somehow. 
Capital gains is a tax on *net* income, so what's important is not the details of every transaction but the total you acquired. You earned $90,000; that's the long and the short of it. The only real question is how much of it should be taxed as regular income and how much as long-term capital gains. You might also need to file amended 1040s if the income was realized in past years, and there might be (relatively) modest penalties associated with that. This is all relatively simple stuff for any competent CPA.
That's the punchline here: go get a tax guy. It might cost you a grand, but this is a happy story. You made nearly twice the median American household's annual income speculating on bitcoin. Congratulations. :)
@_date: 2016-05-30 07:20:44
You seem to be inferring a lot about my politics in response to my insistence on factual accuracy. For what it's worth, it's leading you in some very wrong directions. I'm not sure where I implied that the Fed is a "fair and independent administrar", for example. That's not really the question at stake here.
The matter is a lot simpler. You said that "Governments do not print money", but that's just untrue. Governments *do* print money, in both the trivial and the important senses of the phrase. And, if we're going to understand the nature of the economy, understanding the government's role in fiat currency supply is tremendously important.
Anyway, I look forward to your evidence that treasuries count towards reserve requirements. That's not my understanding, but I would certainly be interested to find out if I'm wrong.
@_date: 2016-05-20 13:54:32
I appreciate that, but there are economic consequences to a shrinking money supply that go beyond just sticking another couple digits into the transaction protocol.
@_date: 2016-05-29 11:46:21
Please say more...
@_date: 2016-05-21 06:39:18
We'll be seeing bitcoin-themed hedge funds any day now...
@_date: 2016-05-24 16:47:46






We're veering off into some very strange territory here. To my knowledge, there has never been a store of value that didn't derive that function from its utility as a medium of exchange. If you can't exchange a currency, it doesn't offer you anything to store.  There's no one without the other. And, for both of these dimensions of money, price stability is important.
Like the people of Ukraine, I do not consider bitcoin a novelty. Where I live, people envy Ukraine's economy.
@_date: 2016-05-24 03:14:59
[Some]( have suggested that tracking the transaction volume to trade volume ratio might tell us something about the extent of speculation. It's not perfect, and its limitations are magnified by the relatively low public acceptance that bitcoin has currently, but it might be a useful start. There's a nice chart over time linked at bottom of the blog post, too.
@_date: 2016-05-22 08:36:06
Not a lawyer, but as I understand it:
The [IRS treats cryptocurrency as a capital asset]( not as money. Gains on capital assets are taxed when they are sold, not when they appreciate. To the extent that your gains here were realized as a result of bitcoin's significant appreciation over the last 3 years, the issue really isn't all that complicated. You'll just need to file a Form 1040, Schedule D. The gambling is a bit more complicated. If you want to declare that, you'll need to identify it as regular income.
If I were in your shoes, I'd just go get a tax guy.
@_date: 2016-05-20 16:52:54
Perhaps I'm misunderstanding you, but at face value what you're saying is just not accurate. Bitcoin *supply*, which is a function of the protocol, is predictable. Maybe we could even reasonably predict supply lost to dust. *Scarcity*, on the other hand, is always driven by the much more complicated relationship between monetary supply and aggregate holding demand. If you can predict that with any degree of consistency (for bitcoin or anything else), you stand to make a very impressive pile of money.
@_date: 2016-05-29 11:59:47
Could you sharing your source on that? Everything I'm seeing suggests that China's t-bill holdings have been steadily expanding (compare [here]( and [here]( for example).
More generally, there are plenty of good reasons for China to be buying gold right now, but it seems extremely unlikely to me that it's in order to prep for a reemergence of gold over fiat. China benefits far, far too much from deflating its currency's value to ever want to change that.
Edit: link formatting
@_date: 2016-05-20 16:21:34
That's not really the question, though. If bitcoin's money supply is shrinking at an unpredictable rate (relative to aggregate desired holding), real value is by definition also unpredictable. That's fine for people who want to buy things like houses and cups of coffee in cash, but only a relatively small part of the economy works that way.
@_date: 2016-05-22 17:02:34
Maybe. Or, maybe enough of the large holders came to the same conclusion you did, in which case this dynamic would already be reflected (or perhaps even over-exaggerated) in the price.
In other words, the price movement here won't be driven by the psychology effects of scarcity. It will be driven by whether bitcoin speculators are currently over-estimating or under-estimating how powerful those effects will be. That's a much harder thing to gauge.
@_date: 2016-05-22 07:13:50
It's far more complicated than that even. There's not been much empirical research on bitcoin economics to this point, so we don't really know how its scarcity dynamics will be affected by changes in supply.
Your point about holding versus circulation is a good one, though. It's very hard to guess which is more significant in driving bitcoin's price. Anyone speculating has presumably taken the mechanics of mining into consideration when setting price targets, but not much is certain. It's up to the wisdom of the crowd at this point!
@_date: 2016-05-27 10:11:46
Unless you have something you want to buy with Yuan, arbitrage here would almost certainly end up costing you money.
@_date: 2016-05-29 09:56:19
Commercial banks only create money within the bounds of their reserve requirement. That's consequential for day-to-day variations in the money supply, but you can't blame banks for the constant influx of new money. That part's all government.
@_date: 2016-05-29 11:46:14
Yes, the Fed's Open Market Committee is part of the government. It is also part of a bank...a very unique bank, which was created by the federal government and whose board is appointed by the PotUS. If you want to lump that in with "banks" for casual conversation, that's your call to make, but it does more to muddy the issue than clarify.
@_date: 2016-05-23 09:14:58
Very cool. Just out of curiosity, which department are you in?
Just one criticism, and I hope it is constructive: I think you do your students a disservice when you say that commercial banks "create money out of nothing" in the course of fractional reserve lending. I get that the actual mechanics here are probably more complicated than you have time for in an introductory course, but my hunch is that many of your students are coming away from that phrasing with some rather fundamental misunderstandings about what money is and how it has functioned historically.
Otherwise, great work! Glad to see students learning something about the history and future of money.
@_date: 2016-05-22 16:52:11
Fortunately for you, that's not how it works. :)
@_date: 2016-05-22 09:34:17
That's not necessarily true. Long-term capital gains, short-term capital gains, and regular income (including gambling) are all taxed at different rates and in different ways. If the OP made money betting on horses several years ago, for example, it's not as simple as just paying tax now on however much he could have made. He would have be liable for income at the time the gambling took place at whatever market value of the acquired bitcoins had then. I'm not sure what the OP means by "daytrading" (and he/she probably shouldn't spell it out here).
The good news is that it *sounds* like most of the income was actually made as a result of bitcoin's appreciation over the last few years. If that's the case, it's as simple as listing the income (minus original purchase price) as a long-term capital gain whenever the coins get sold for USD.
@_date: 2016-05-20 10:24:27
All else remaining equal, sure. That's good for individual speculators, but is it good for bitcoin as a currency?
@_date: 2016-05-23 02:52:15


This idea of a coming difficulty spiral makes a few assumptions, the major one being that a significant majority of miners would walk away from their large capital investment just to avoid a couple weeks of poor return. It also assumes that the community couldn't muster the will to roll out an emergency patch in the face of gridlock (blocklock?). From where I stand, both of those things seem extremely unlikely. But, sure, it's possible.


Of course. That's how things always work. And, if you're convinced by your predictions, the logical thing for you to do would be to short bitcoin. You stand to make a lot of money if the market crashes. If you have trouble finding a counterparty to take the long position, feel free to pm me :)
@_date: 2016-05-21 01:35:57
Thanks! I'll give it a read.
@_date: 2016-05-29 16:04:16
I'm exactly 35, and I'm excited by bitcoin. I also think it goes against the natural order of things. What's so great about the natural order of things, anyway? :)
@_date: 2016-05-27 03:30:04
They realize it now; those places just aren’t relevant to their business interests.
Goldman trades in contracts. That is essentially all they do. Without “trust” (i.e., legal mechanisms to define and enforce contract law), there’s nothing for them to buy and sell. Aside perhaps as speculators, what lunch do investment banks really stand to lose on public blockchains?
(and, fwiw, the fact that Goldman Sachs can’t come up with a use-case for public blockchains compatible with their business model is, as far as I’m concerned, one of the best things about bitcoin. I just wouldn’t conclude that it’s because they can’t grok it.)
@_date: 2016-05-29 16:40:17


That's not my understanding, but I could certainly be wrong. Can you point me to something documenting this?


Indeed, justices are not under the day-to-day command of the President. As you say, that's how it's supposed to be, and in this regard the Supreme Court is similar to the Fed. Is the Supreme Court also not part of the government then?
@_date: 2016-05-29 06:35:52
China has bet more than a trillion dollars on the strength of the US dollar. Whatever the Chinese government's thinking on bitcoin might really be, it would be utterly insane for it to do anything that would undermine the dollar's status as a reserve currency.
@_date: 2016-05-29 01:27:59
If you bought on a Western exchange and immediately sold on a Chinese exchange, you wouldn't have $35. You'd have ~¥230. Now the question is, what are you going to do with that money?
The problem right now in China isn't just bitcoins. The Yuan is dropping in value quickly, and due to rigid capital controls there's now a significant spread between "real" (market based) exchange rates and the "official" (government set) one. It's not just bitcoin being affected...the Yuan is currently trading at about the same discount for dollars, euros, and gold, too. 
In other words, there's no arbitrage opportunity here, unless you've got some more efficient way to get Yuan out of China. The price being reflected by Bitcoin at the moment is in many fundamental ways a more accurate general exchange rate than the one set by China's central bank.
@_date: 2016-05-27 10:44:43
*Controlled currency* by itself doesn't imply anything at all, since words don't mean anything except by convention. In this case, the convention is that "controlled currency" = "restricted foreign exchange".
@_date: 2016-05-29 12:51:12
The sales over the last couple months are significant, but I'd be cautious about identifying it as a shift in strategy away from strong-willed policies. China is selling significant amounts of *everything* it holds in the lead-up to significant planned government spending, which is itself an attempt to prop up slowing growth. In those circumstances, the gold buys look a lot more like a measure against its own currency's inflation rather than a prediction about USD.
@_date: 2016-05-23 03:56:07


Reported bank transfers and property acquisitions that exceed documented income, just to name two ways. It all comes down to what OP means by "tons of bitcoin". If we're talking a couple thousand dollars here, it's probably true that nobody would ever know. If we're talking hundreds of thousands, it's almost certain that the IRS will.
@_date: 2016-05-29 03:51:18
You are absolutely right that the quantity of Yuan in existance isn't changing as a consequence of consumer trading. The "capital flight" here comes about when increased demand for non-Yuan currencies in aggregate serves to devalue the Yuan. In other words, the number of Yuan doesn't change when capital leaves the Chinese economy, but the value of each one does.
As far as who here is doing the selling, the answer is just speculators betting on the other side of the trend. It seems pretty clear that some devaluation of the Yuan is appropriate, but it's also possible that some of the effects we're seeing are the result of panic by Chinese investors. In other words, they might be *underestimating* the real value of the Yuan. This is made more complicated by the Chinese central bank's rate setting policies, but one way or another the market will eventually reveal what the Yuan is really worth.
@_date: 2016-05-24 06:16:02
Apparently so! I must be approaching a halvening :)
@_date: 2016-05-31 16:22:10


There's a very simple experiment we can conduct to determine whether the correctness of my claims is technical or substantive. Money, as you say, acquires its value from liens on future labor. You stop paying your taxes for a few years, and let's see who knocks on your door. I'll bet you bitcoins to fiat dollars that it won't be a junior associate at Morgan Stanley.
In other words, you're missing the point. If we pretend that bitcoin's primary opponents are bankers, then yeah...we can merrily be email to their postal service. But, that's not what's actually at stake here (at least not for most people). You say that bitcoin is already suiting your needs sufficiently, and that's great. Personally, I'm less content to continue my subsidy of debt-based currency with tax money. I don't like that my businesses are required to maintain their accounts in USD under threat of force. It's a problem, moral and otherwise, that any assets I'd care to trade are denominated in dollars by statutory requirement.
If you're "routing around" the federal government, you're either risking serious legal consequences or operating at a scale so small that nobody cares. That's a beggar's choice.
@_date: 2016-05-27 10:09:49
Since (as you say) all currencies are controlled in one way or another, when people talk about a "controlled currency" they're referring to something very specific: foreign exchange restrictions.
@_date: 2016-05-25 04:14:28


Use in trade is not necessary for an *asset* to be valuable. It's fundamentally necessary for a *currency* to be valuable, however. Every single currency in free exchange derives its price from the liquidity pressures generated by circulation. If bitcoin didn't work this way, it wouldn't be money. (Fortunately, bitcoin is money because it does work this way.)


Hmm...I'm not following you. If "'medium of exchange' means 'being used for trade'", how can bitcoin be the first but not the second? Are you saying that bitcoin could function as money used only to buy and sell other currencies but not for the trade of daily consumables (a meta-currency of sorts)? 
It's virtually inconceivable that any currency could ever work like that (least of all bitcoin), thanks to some very fundamental economic dynamics. But, for the sake of keeping this to the original issue -- speculation and stability -- let's assume that this is exactly what bitcoin has become. Let's imagine that, twenty years from now, bitcoin has acquired a very large market cap driven by speculation and relatively little direct underlying commerce. It would be a volatile mess. It is hard to imagine how a currency could be less stable. 
Even the most debased and over-regulated fiat currencies derive their value from how they circulate through cycles of production and consumption. Without that, a currency's price is fiction, driven by nothing more substantial than people who sit around betting on how everyone else will bet. That's a feedback loop, and feedback-driven systems are inherently unstable. When speculation drives the price of a commodity away from its intrinsic value, what you have is a bubble. Bitcoin without a trade-based economy is, by definition, a bubble. 
The fact that Ukrainians can't walk into a grocery store and buy food with dollars doesn't change the fact that, elsewhere, US dollars are undergirding vast amounts of daily commerce. Gold is a more interesting comparison, but it still doesn't work. More than half of newly mined gold gets routed to commodity use, and most countries still have legally mandated gold reserves. Despite all of these anchors, gold prices have been extremely volatile since it stopped serving as a primary unit of trade. Cryptos are both better and worse than gold in this regard, and there's just no road forward for bitcoin without the fundamentals of value generated by trade.
@_date: 2016-05-24 15:57:20
In the absence of large-scale speculation, bitcoin's market cap growth would be driven by its growing utility as a medium of exchange. As more and more people want to use bitcoin to actually *buy* stuff, pressures on liquidity would drive unit prices up. But, as you point out, that's a (relatively) slow and steady process. Perhaps it's even too slow.
Widespread speculation could certainly speed things up here dramatically, and then maybe those bigger trades would follow in suit. Or, maybe they wouldn't, in which case the prices would fall back down. Maybe, once we hit a sufficiently large market cap, Alibaba will adopt bitcoin as its preferred currency, or maybe the US and Chinese governments will both (try to) impose a 40% tax on all bitcoin trades. These factors are fundamentally unpredictable, but they all stand to impact bitcoin's price significantly. As a consequence, deriving bitcoin's value through expectations of its *future* utility, rather than its current dynamics of supply and demand, is *inherently* volatile.
Don't get me wrong, I'm very bullish on bitcoin, and I stand to lose a lot of money if for some reason it should fail. Ultimately, I don't expect it to. I'm skeptical that speculation-accelerated growth is the best path forward for bitcoin, but I can't know that for sure and I'm very interested to hear arguments to the contrary. On the other hand, the idea that speculation drives price stability here is just critically incorrect.
@_date: 2016-05-22 17:20:32


That's not his best option by a long shot. His best option is to hire a CPA for a very, very small fraction of the money at stake here. There's no laundering. He'll pay what he *actually* owes, legally, and everyone will be happy.
@_date: 2016-05-29 15:50:05
The Federal Reserve's board is appointed by the president and congress. If that doesn't count as being "in charge", it's hard to imagine what possibly could. Your argument seems to be that, since the commercial banking sector benefits from easy money policies, it must be imposing them upon the government somehow. I suspect most people on these boards would agree that the relationship between government and private banking is rather more symbiotic.
Regardless, this:


...is just incorrect. Banks(plural) don't do this. The Federal Reserve does. When regular commercial banks buy Treasuries set loose through open market operations, they actually function to shrink the money supply.
@_date: 2016-05-30 06:41:10
Bitcoin *is* a conspiracy to undermine the debt-based currency regime, though, isn't it? I just don't see any reason to be grumpy about it.
@_date: 2016-05-20 15:53:15
If a currency's nominal value rises, there are real costs for anyone in a functionally short position. If I'm using bitcoins I obtained on Monday to buy groceries on Tuesday, sure...it doesn't really matter. If I'm signing a 30-year, bitcoin-denominated mortgage, on the other hand, it matters a lot.
@_date: 2016-05-20 09:15:24
Is accelerating scarcity a good thing?
(My apologies if this is an old question with an obvious answer; I'm only starting to read deeply about bitcoin, and some of the economic issues are still hard for me to grok.)
@_date: 2016-05-20 15:22:52
I can't provide you with an example of a failed currency with a shrinking money supply. I can't provide you with an example of a successful one, either. As far as I'm aware, a currency with a shrinking money supply has never existed. That's what makes bitcoin such an important experiment (like you say), but it's also why it's probably not fair to say that it wouldn't matter if 99% of bitcoins are lost in the course of utilization. We just don't know.
It's also not fair to say that economists don't acknowledge the general preference for modest inflation. This is an active area of research and debate, despite the rough consensus in favor. Regardless, bitcoin works on some very different principles, so observations about mainstream currencies may or may not apply. It all comes down to how people choose to use bitcoin in tandem with other currencies.
In other words, I'm not looking for an inflationary coin. I'm an economic anthropologist looking to learn something from people who have spent more time thinking about the economics of bitcoin than I have. :)
@_date: 2016-05-30 00:00:45
Meh. "Natural" is a word powerful men use when they want to tell you that what you're doing is bad. I don't have much faith or interest in "natural". There's nothing natural about bitcoin. It's something made by people. That's the best thing about it.
@_date: 2016-05-24 16:20:25


There are plenty of examples of economies continuing to function in the face of relatively *constrained* money supplies,  but we're talking about something fundamentally more interesting than that with bitcoin. Bitcoin's current market cap is, what, 7 billion USD? Many very smart people are proposing growth three orders of magnitude beyond that in the next decade, and for bitcoin to become an actual unit of account we'd need to expect even more. Pair that with a static money supply, and comparisons to 6% annual deflation become meaningless. We're looking at the possibility of something extremely new.
Don't get me wrong, I don't think these dynamics are necessarily bad, but if markets are always able to adjust than why should fiat-driven hyperinflation be a bad thing. Maybe the markets won't adjust. Maybe bitcoin will be disruptive to an extent that we end up in a very different world. Maybe that's not a bad thing :)
@_date: 2016-05-24 15:08:51
Thanks for your reply. It's interesting and well thought out.


Of course. If you understand me to be saying that deflation is something radically new, we're miscommunicating. There have been many periods of deflation. What's new is, as I understand it, is an actual fixed (or especially shrinking) money supply. I don't have your background in 1870–1900 economic history, but I can't find any suggestion that the money supply was fixed here. In the course of the free silver debates, didn't the Bland-Allison act require the treasury to buy huge quantities of silver for use as currency, and didn't it impose a fiat rate of exchange? More importantly perhaps, fractional reserve banking was already a de facto standard by this point thanks to the rapid expansion in this period of negotiable bank notes (whose problems allowed politicians to argue vehemently for the creation of the fed). In this period, the money supply may not have been growing as quickly as holding demand called for (thus deflation), but from what I can tell the money supply itself was unquestionably growing. Am I misunderstanding something?


This is where I'll disagree with you unequivocally. Money has been a commodified form of debt for as far back as these things go. Gold was traded on a fractional-reserve basis as soon as it stopped being primarily a commodity. Those 17th century Dutch goldsmiths didn't need a government to tell them how lucrative it could be to both have money and spend it too. Even the really old-school stuff like shell money or live-stock currency were tokenized relationships of debt. The Kula ring or Papuan Moka exchange are fascinating examples. The rise of the federal reserve system and later Bretton Woods unquestionably served to centralize the debt-basis of modern economies, but the idea that money was based on real value before it was reorganized around debt by modern fiat regimes is not accurate.
@_date: 2016-05-22 17:36:57
Sure, but given the timeframe here, how much he spent on his initial pool of coins is a trivial matter compared to how this income gets classified.
@_date: 2016-05-31 04:30:51


What a boring question! Of course the monetary system serves narrow special interests. Of course a decentralized system would provide far more public utility with far fewer costs. I would be stunned if you could find even a single person on this subreddit to disagree with you on these points. The assumption that the public wants and needs "credit" is a bit bourgeois to my sensibilities, but otherwise you're just ranting at the choir here.
You've offered 7 variations on the theme of unaccountability and capture as evidence that the Fed isn't meaningfully part of government, but you could just as well be describing *literally any agency of government*. The state serves whatever interests are most capable of coopting it because that's the selective pressure on the system. This has always been true, and it's no more true at the Fed than at the IRS, the Department of Education, the Supreme Court, the Highway Administration, the NSA, the Bureau of Labor and Statistics, or the 4-H club. In other words, the Federal Reserve isn't the exception to government praxis here; it's the pattern.
As far as the rest of it goes, I'm having a hard time even deciphering your claims. "The government's role [in] money no longer matters", and yet "bank money gets its value from enforced acquisition of labour present and future [i.e., taxation and government debt]." "Government itself is a faith based power system", and yet it "provides enforcement of monopoly of legal tender". You can't have it both ways. No amount of faith or counter-faith will get you out of taxes and debt in your name. If it were really that simple, we'd all be bitcoin billionaires by now.
Look, I admire your conviction that "the dustbin awaits the fed", but revolutionaries have been telling themselves that their revolution is inevitable since at least 1848. It turns out that power is a bit more tenacious...more capable of adapting to change in order to protect its own interests. Blockchain-based social contracts have unimaginable potential, but there is a hell of a lot that needs to happen before bitcoin can function as a bona fide unit of account. I am hopeful that we can make these things happen, but it is dangerous and naive to assume it is all just a matter of time.
That's why the particularities here matter. I'm not pushing you on the question of t-bills and reserve requirements because I'm looking for a "gotcha" but because these issues are deeply consequential to the very sinister mechanics of our monetary system. Specifically, you've got the facts backwards. When commercial banks *buy* treasuries against open market operations, they actually *shrink* the money supply. In order to expand the money supply, they need to *sell* treasuries. If that distinction doesn't matter for your argument, then your argument isn't specific enough to be either true or false; it's just po-mo mysticism.
EDIT: If you're departing here, thanks for an interesting discussion!
@_date: 2016-05-24 01:12:12
Sure, of course.
The only thing you can do with bitcoin wrapped in an ETF/ETN is speculate on its value. Currency speculation, at its most fundamental, drives volatility. It's an artificial demand that propels a currency's value upwards without an underlying rise in utility. Throw in some media hype targeting non-savvy investors and you've got pretty much everything you need to set up a boom leading to a much larger bust. 
That kind of volatility is bad for any currency, and there's every reason to think that it's even worse for non-fiats. Without price stability, it will very difficult for bitcoin to take on a broad role as a currency.
Edit: Sheesh. I don't mind being downvoted, but I wish folks would at least state their objections.
@_date: 2016-07-06 08:05:26
"Create money out of debt obligations" would be quite a bit more accurate, and it would open the door to a much more nuanced understanding of how the economy actually works.
@_date: 2016-07-07 11:48:05
What do you mean? If you lend me $20, and then I write you an IOU before lending that money out to somebody else, nothing has been 'materialized'. Nevertheless, the total effective money supply has been increased to precisely whatever extent that IOU I gave you is negotiable.