@_author: malgaras
@_date: 2017-12-10 03:03:39
As has been said that's worth about half a mil right now. You will (and are) getting a lot of people just saying to hold it and the price will go up blah blah blah.  Consider VERY seriously if that's something you want to do. Bitcoin is a a *very* high risk, *very* high reward investment right now. It's one thing to risk money you can afford to lose on a gamble. It's another to risk half a million dollars. 
The better way to look at it is, if you found half a million dollars on the street today, would you immediately run out and buy bitcoin with it? If not, then you should sell it and do whatever other thing instead.  Mathematically, it's the same as the people taking out huge home equity loans etc. to buy bitcoin. Just because it's bitcoin right now and not a house, doesn't change the math, although a lot of people seem to act like it does. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 04:21:41
What exactly would be the point of lying about this? The whopping 43 karma? And even if they were lying, what is there to lose by posting reasonable advice?
@_date: 2017-12-29 05:58:31
I literally addressed this exact argument ahead of time in the previous post in anticipation of somebody making it. I notice you stripped my rebuttal out of your quote. It's still true regardless.
@_date: 2017-12-10 10:28:30
We don't live in some sort of distopian novel despite the fact that Reddit likes to act like we do. 
The government couldn't just randomly decide they don't like it, barge in to everyone's house, and demand their private keys
Beyond that, even if they wanted to do that, it we'd be technically infeasable. Hell, it'd be essentially impossible to even prove you own any, by design. The only place they could regulate the market is at the exchanges, and they already do that.
As for Uncle Sam getting a cut, Uncle Sam already does get a cut. Any profit you make on Bitcoin is subject to capital gains tax.
@_date: 2017-12-28 18:16:09
You're right, disenfranchised was the wrong word to use there. I cede that point.
As for donating to political campaigns, the effect on an outcome on the election from a single person's donations is negligable, and if you're donating enough to have a real impact, you're just throwing away your money to some politicians instead of to the government because three neighbors decided they need your money more than you do.
If you have a group of five people, and four of them vote collectively to take everything from the fifth guy and divide it among themselves, would you argue it's fair because the fifth guy got a vote?
My point is when you divorce the majority of the voters from the negative consequences of their vote by simply piling them all on a single minority population, the result is not "fair".
Now I'm not saying rich people should get more votes. However, when spending money, the people footing the bill should get a significant say.
@_date: 2017-12-28 15:54:59
Except that the people expected to fund the majority of programs like these have a tiny minority of the vote. That's why the "I'll only tax people making over X" tactic works so well. You just make X high enough that everyone else sees free money and you've effectively disenfranchised the people footing the bill because it's a small percentage of the population by comparison. Easy way to get your budget for programs like this.
And before somebody inevitably brings it up, most rich people can't "buy" votes. They aren't CEOs with armies of lobbyists. They are more likely successful small business owners, day laborers in very well paying fields, or have just managed to work their way up the ladder a bit in a largish company.
@_date: 2019-10-07 16:42:15
Keep your money where you can control it. Exchanges aren't like banks. Your money isn't insured by the government. It might be insured privately, but even then, if something happens to the exchange, (which there is massive historical precedent for), there is no guarantee you will get a nickel of your money back.
@_date: 2019-10-07 20:55:07
Anyone that thinks there are zero benefits to banks is an idiot and I welcome their downvotes.