@_author: malhotraspokane
@_date: 2019-11-07 03:45:24
There are a few things I'm not following.
Real estate grows net worth quickly due to low cost leverage, e.g., 30 year mortgages, with rent covering expenses (if you do it correctly and in the right location).  If value of the house goes up 10 percent in a year, it is actually a 50 percent rate of return on the cash invested (20 percent) down.  
Where are you getting a rent equivalent from Bitcoin?  Where are you getting the leverage in Bitcoin?
Why should Bitcoin go up instead of down?  Laws restricting real estate use are already in place--zoning, landlord/tenant, building codes.  Laws regulating Bitcoin haven't much started.  If there is widespread adoption, central banks will not be happy.  The surest way to lose money is betting against the Fed.
Why distinguish between small landlords and big landlords?  All have a profit motive.  All have a fear if liability.  All have insurance companies that will deny claims if they can.
@_date: 2019-11-03 04:43:04
I recently had a bunch of fraudulent charges marked Colorado Springs--Safeway, Staples, and Target.  While I was in China.  I checked one of the store numbers on my statement and the address of that store was not in Colorado Springs.
I agree, the process for disputing these is the hardest I've come across with any financial institution.
@_date: 2019-11-03 19:34:00
I have some more information about mine.  I had three Safeway charges in Colorado Springs.  I called a nice lady named Deanna and she said the charges were all at the self checkout lines.  All for Visa gift cards and multiple cards were used.  She said to file a police report and they can pull video and get the guy/gal.  I called the Colorado Springs police and they said I had to call the police in my town.  I did and filed a police report.  She said it didn't sound good, possibly an inside job though data breach is also plausible.
@_date: 2019-11-10 03:52:55
I also had Colorado charges, Target, Staples, and Safeway in Colorado Springs.  The fraud department from Safeway said it was using self-checkout lanes (so they did go into a store).  They said multiple different cards were attempted by the same person.  They bought Visa gift cards.  Deanna said they could pull the tapes and catch the person if the police ask them to.  I called Colorado Springs police but they said I had to call my local police.  I did and told them what happened.
I emailed Bitpay and they want me to fill out a form saying who I talked to at each vendor and to send in a copy of the police report.  I will do so.  With so many people having this problem, it sure seems likely that there is a security problem such as a data breach on their end.