@_author: malune
@_date: 2018-08-14 21:18:31


Bitcoin isn't keeping up with other coins primarily because it is difficult for Bitcoin to pivot technologically (it was written in C++ and has no mechanism for governance besides forking - which simply fragments the community). It is also not as specialised as other cryptocurrencies (for example it is not designed to provide distributed storage or computation). This is however a good thing in many respects since it is the most pervasive tech and warrants a slow growth if only to maintain stability over time (less changes = less bugs). Bitcoins dominance increasing has little to do with it adapting at a fast pace to keep up with competition and more to do with the widespread perception that it is more stable than the vast majority of altcoins from a market perspective and many are currently seeking stability over short term gains.   
Rather than pouncing on the dominance % of Bitcoin on coinmarketcap in order to attack every other cryptocurrency why not simply acknowledge that the entire market is in a bear trend (yes, even Bitcoin is currently diminishing in $ value on the markets). The slower pace of the bear on the Bitcoin side means it is more stable than the alts, surprise surprise when it has 10x more $ valuation in marketcap than the majority of the other cryptos. As you can probably tell I'm not a Bitcoin maximalist like you, I believe other projects bring their own set of benefits which help us understand cryptography and other concepts in new and interesting ways and this argument of a slow death to alts is the same one being levied against Bitcoin time and time again by those who don't even know what an altcoin is - the Jordan Belforts and Warren Buffets and those with a vested interest for the whole space to cease to exist.
@_date: 2016-01-10 14:05:21
This is awesome man! After the government in TT were scared of Bitcoin you guys apparently managed to convince them to adopt it. When can we expect bitcoin ATMs to reach Trinidad?
@_date: 2017-10-23 17:09:13
Maybe because they are premining 200,000 BTG and deliberately not advertising this fact on their website. To put that into context if BTG reaches $300 then the developers receive: $60,000,000. 