@_author: mamadex26
@_date: 2015-06-23 14:49:02
Ugh I hate having the FBI in my living room. Twice in my life is enough...
@_date: 2015-06-23 02:42:35
I am someone with zero artistic talent but I appreciate art so I could see this being fun and interesting.  I like the idea of allowing people to award their own favorite directly but aside from a first prize award perhaps some of the smaller prizes could be themed and part of a pre-announced category that could give the entrants something to strive for... dumb example - a category for best use of color or best hidden coin (like hidden Mickey's if you are familiar)... Just some thought because you asked :-)
Sounds like fun I hope it happens and I would contribute regardless of the payout model chosen.
@_date: 2015-06-23 14:43:09
Thank you for explaining that, I get it. I haven't fully thought out that side.   I didn't see any risk in what I did except that if it was a scam that I would have been out $14.xx 
I think I will stick to it being a decent way for me to turn Amazon payments money into BTC. 
@_date: 2015-06-23 10:49:10
My point was that it was a negligible amount of money.  It was more exciting and fun to use this purse thing and get some BTC (I had never had any before) then settle to my bank account.  The quoted time frame to transfer to my bank is 5-7 business days and the purse.io transaction was settled in 3 days so I actually got my BTC before I would have gotten the USD to my bank account. 
@_date: 2015-06-23 16:47:52
Thanks bro.. lol.
Yeah.. new and not understanding the nuances but we all have to start somewhere right?  Normally I wouldn't have posted on this sub because it is out of my league but I wanted to add my one small data point to the purse.io discussion since I was on the opposite end of the transaction to the OP.  
BTW -- I was legit thinking about everything you were saying and playing it out in my head (hence the edits)... I am not a complete idiot but like I said I don't know 1/10 of what the folks on this sub know about BTC.   For discussion sake, the issue of setting up fake accounts, using VPN, amassing gift cards and turning them into BTC wouldn't be unique to purse right?  Couldn't you leverage a site like Swagbucks in the same way?   Sorry for picking your brain.. my husband doesn't care about BTC until I amass enough to buy him his new Harley...
@_date: 2015-06-23 16:38:39
I don't disagree... assuming you can get around Amazon's tax information verification thing.  I have seen people using their own, real information get rejected so I can't even begin to decipher how Amazon is determining who is/is not legitimate.
All I have been saying from the get is... my transaction is fully traceable until I get my BTC and after that it goes poop which is what I think I understand the way it is intended to be.  Of course, people will use it for nefarious things but this thread is discussion legit uses of the website.  For discussions sake I don't see any risk for me but agreed there are risk for recipients of good especially anything high value.  I don't think the person who has the baby wipes I sent them is overly concerned but maybe I am wrong? 
Thanks!  I love BTC so far.. all my $16.63 of it...lol
Poop = Poof but I am leaving it because my husband and I were talking about my infant's poop while typing so that was a funny typo
@_date: 2015-06-23 16:27:38
I am a woman... brah
I still don't get the joke. 
@_date: 2015-06-23 16:15:37
The people who are getting the discount are the people receiving the product (whether it be a physical product or gifts cards... I refuse/can't deal in gift cards because I am using an Amazon Payments balance).  They are offering BTC as a payment method and asking for a discount off the product via the exchange rate. The actual movement of the product is handled via Amazon wishlist functionality and Amazon as a whole. 
Not sure if that answered your question?  I am new to it as well. 
@_date: 2015-06-23 05:03:29
True... I think categories will only help the folks that don't have inspiration for what they want to do...  Categories would probably encourage someone like me to try but I don't think the outcome would be anything worthy of a prize..lol
@_date: 2015-06-23 16:10:01
I am lost as to what you are insinuating.  I had $14.00 in Amazon payments money.  I used that to buy something off a wishlist via purse.io. The person received their wishlist item and I got my BTC. No credit card involved.   I am talking about my experience and my experience alone.   
Accusing me of participating in credit card fraud is a little over the top don't you think?
*Edit - no credit card NOR gift card involved. My money for baby wipes for BTC... perhaps I have stumbled across some baby wipe laundering scheme.  That must be it. 
*Edit 2 - no Amazon gift card either.. it is Amazon Payments balance from doing work on MTurk.  Just for full transparency and/or in case there is a reading comprehension issue.
@_date: 2015-06-23 17:25:54
Interesting... definitely got me thinking about something other than my boring work lol..
I will definitely check it out!  I am new to MTurk too...
@_date: 2015-06-23 02:32:59
At the risk of being downvoted, here is my experience from the opposite side. 
I had an Amazon Payments balance that wasn't enough to bother transferring to my bank so I posted on assistance to see if someone wanted me to buy them something on Amazon for a discount and they would Paypal me the cash.  Someone suggested purse.io so I took a chance figuring I was risking a relatively small amount of money that I didn't even have in my pocket at that moment. 
From my end, I signed up and reviewed a bunch of wishlists that had offers for you to buy the item off the wishlist.  So for example there is one on there now where the effective rate is $339.69 BTC and the person wants a Dungeon Master's Guide that is $36.37.  Once you commit to the purchase you have 1 hour to buy off the wishlist (it is simply the Amazon wishlist function -- you never see the recipients mailing address etc..) and put the order number in the system.  Once the order number is accepted, the BTC go into escrow.  I monitored the delivery of the wishlist item (it was baby wipes for anyone truly interested) and then indicated on the purse website that the order had been delivered.  The recipient confirmed the delivery and the BTC were released into my account.   For me, it was a win win because I got my first taste of BTC and the person got their wipes at a discount. 
IMO, the site could use some improvements and tweaking.. for example it doesn't have the capability to enter multiple order numbers for one transaction. It would be nice to release the BTC out of escrow as each item is received because sometimes Amazon splits up orders for fastest shipping.  Another wonky thing is that you can't click through to the Amazon website without committing to purchase (you can reverse the commitment but it would be good to be able to check and see that there aren't any extra costs because you are shipping from a certain state -- state tax etc..).
One could say that the recipient could try to screw you and say they didn't get their item but you would have the Amazon/carrier confirmation of delivery so I imagine you would be absolved at that point.   Another potential advantage is that you can reap the benefits of Prime shipping if your buyer has it and you don't.. you definitely get the discount and you might get free two day shipping.
Anyways there are a few holes in the process but overall I think the model will work. I am considering putting an extra box of diapers up there for my daughter to see if I get any takers at the discount.  If I could get the diapers at anything less than $30 for a box, I would be psyched.
@_date: 2015-06-16 21:56:48
@_date: 2015-06-23 10:53:02
I'm sorry can you explain this?  Who "paid with a stolen credit card"?  If this is dumb go ahead &amp; tell me... :-)
@_date: 2015-06-13 23:34:49
I have a small group of fellow freelancers and virtual assistants who have been looking at accepting Bitcoins.  We haven't been successful yet in finding one good source for opportunities. If you have a posting or job description I can share among my email list.  It is a networking group for virtual assistants and freelance workers.  
@_date: 2015-06-23 12:20:44
LOL.. thanks.. wasn't sure if that concept is well known if you aren't a disneyphile like me. 