@_author: manacit
@_date: 2014-02-07 19:55:19
Sure, but that doesn't mean they didn't do a lot of work without Jobs around. The first 13" rMBP came almost a year after his death, which is a fair amount of time. 
Rumor has it he had the product line setup for the next five years or so, which would mean you're criticizing the work of Steve. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 01:18:42
Because it looks really nice? I spend an inordinate amount of time working in front of my computer, the retina display is sharper and looks better than a lower resolution panel. Of course, you can get windows laptops with just as many PPI now, so it's not like it's Mac exclusive anymore. 
It is nice though. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:21:25
Fair point, actually, the first iPad Mini screamed panic product, although the second generation really came around with the retina display and I think it's a solid product now. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 19:38:24
How about the _Retina MacBook Pro_? 
Of course, there's no arguing with someone who's convinced Apple is the antichrist, not even sure why I'm bothering to post. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 01:26:26
I'd say it's not so much seeing the pixels as how smooth the picture is? I'm not totally sure how to describe it.
The way OS X does the resolution doubling creates an extremely smooth image, which is especially noticeable around text. If you've never checked it out in person, I'd recommend heading to an Apple store - the first time I was impressed. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 19:41:44
That's funny - I went to HS in California and i know at least two people who loved to NYC to go here (both of them dropped out, I think). 
@_date: 2013-04-12 06:41:34
There are multiple types of DDoS attacks - 
That article calls the two most common types "Application" and "Volumetric"
Application attacks are things that hit the stack (whether it be the database, http servers, etc) in a way that make them take up enough resources on your request to significantly slow down a vital area of the infrastructure, or cause it to completely crash. Examples of this would be causing thousands of micro trades to go through on MtGox simultaneously, causing their trading system to burn in flames. This doesn't necessarily require a large amount of web traffic, but a well-written attack that can bypass any safeguards they have in place and cause a denial of service attack.
This is solved by writing better safeguards, for example, not allowing as many micro transactions to go through at the same time and cause lag, or better scale/parallelize the transaction system so this doesn't happen. Basically, you need to out think whatever the attacker is doing so that you can continue to process legitimate transactions. 
This is a completely different style of attack, more of a brute-force attack. Basically, you create as much raw internet traffic as possible and send it all toward the addresses of the servers running whatever service you are trying to take down. In the end, those servers are connected to the internet at, generally, a gigabit or 100 megabit connection. If all of that traffic is sent to that actual server over their pipe, and it is higher then the speed of the link the server has to the internet, legitimate traffic will be unable to make it's way to the server. In the instance of large DDoSes, the amount of traffic sent at the server can overwhelm the links the entire _datacenter_ has to the internet, and cause collateral damage to more then just that one service.
This can be mitigated in many different ways - upstream DDoS protection is basically like getting a much, much bigger pipe and using it to filter legitimate from non-legitimate traffic before passing it on. If the attacker is unable to push more traffic than the bigger link has, it can block the addresses sending an inordinate amount of traffic before passing on legitimate traffic to the actual server. By not divulging the actual public address of the physical server the application is being hosted on, and passing connections only through the upstream protection layer, they can filter everything and the server will never see the brunt of the attack.
This is how services like CloudFlare work - they have 100s of gigabits of internet connectivity spread across the world, and when you sign up for their service, all of the traffic to your server goes through them, while your address is protected. This allows them to survive through even the largest of DDoS attacks and filter away bad traffic and only pass the good stuff through. 
They use [Anycast]( to register multiple servers on multiple, huge, links around the world to spread that traffic around and better mitigate it, which is why they are so effective.
The most common method of attack like this recently had been exploiting recursive DNS servers to multiply the amount of traffic you have, which has resulted in 130+ gbit DDoSes: 
Also note, this is the reason in this case, as the picture stated, the attack appears to only consist of a gigabit of traffic. There was likely much more, but the physical limitations of the switching equipment basically result in it maxing out the port, and only reporting as much as it can pass through - a gigabit. 
tl;dr either find a bug in the program that allows a request or requests to take an inordinate amount of resources up, or throw everything you can muster at it and knock it off the internet. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:11:58
Looks like it's $510/month to add unmetered 10gbit
i3d also offers 10gbit at 75euro/m, but bandwidth isn't unlimited: 
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:08:21
Because, in this instance, it's not a Volumetric attack that's being directed at Bitstamp. Seemingly, all or most of the traffic directed at their exchange is legitimate traffic, there's just too much of it for their trading algorithm to handle, so it's crashing. CloudFlare doesn't magically add more algorithmic power to the backend of your service, it merely blocks illegitimate traffic and helps cache static content.