@_author: manductor
@_date: 2014-03-14 08:12:58
PayPal is an awful escrow service. 
@_date: 2014-03-14 04:59:44
Even if you could...why?  One of the biggest upsides of using bitcoin is cutting out thieving middlemen like PayPal.
@_date: 2014-03-14 03:57:34
Why would anyone use PayPal to transfer bitcoins?
@_date: 2013-05-24 17:52:59
You're repeating exactly what I've been saying.  I want *collective action* in which a society's beliefs are codified into a set of laws.  That's a *political market.*  The "best" ideas (the ideas supported by the most people) rise to the top and govern all.  Our system isn't perfect but it's the closest thing you'll get to your ideal market.  Unless you're talking about a global market where everyone is ruled by one super-UN type organization; or alternatively, micro-governments everywhere (i.e. family sovereignty) which would ultimately prove to be a worthless exercise in anarchy.
We are trying our damndest to find the right market balance with our grand federalism experiment.  You can badmouth it all you want but in the end it's the closest thing to your ideal that you're going to get.
@_date: 2013-05-24 16:30:19
Can you really claim that you "own" yourself?  Your actions are spurred by beliefs, but your beliefs have been formed over a lifetime by your interpretations and reinterpretations of stimuli, most if not all of which you had no control over experiencing.  And your interpretations are influenced by the amount of certain chemicals in your brain which you do not choose to release or restrict at any given moment.
Aren't we all, then, slaves to chaos?
And if we are, isn't a superior alternative to come together to try to collectively mitigate the risks and harms of that chaos rather than face it alone?
And going further than the question of actual autonomy, let's go to a world where there are no "masters" but instead everyone "owns" him/herself.  Is there more "freedom" in that land than in a land with collective self-governance?  Fuck no.  You're at the mercy of whoever is strongest.  The only ownership you have goes as far as your ability to physically defend that which you claim to be yours.  Born a cripple?  Well, go fuck yourself.
Under your definition, no matter what the circumstance, you're going to be a slave.  So yes, in this situation I will praise the benefits of being a slave to collective self-governance because under this system I am much more free than I would be in the cold darkness of anarchy.
@_date: 2013-05-24 09:56:06
Thanks, Nozick.  I'll take government "theft" of my money since it gets returned in the form of social services like police and firefighters rather than face *actual* theft, murder, rape, and the generally terrible life that would arrive with the downfall of government.
@_date: 2013-05-24 16:04:56
No, I'm saying that paying taxes to a government is nothing like giving money to someone holding a gun to your head.  We live in a *society* where we have decided that it's more important to have a collective governing system enforcing common moral and ethical standards than it is to allow every person to keep every single bit of wealth that they accumulate.
@_date: 2013-07-25 05:30:17
"FOR TOBACCO USE ONLY"
@_date: 2013-05-24 15:52:25
WOW.  You do know what slavery is, right?  People tore other people away from their friends and families, shipped them across the ocean and forced them into hard labor until they died.  Slaves were whipped and beaten savagely if they ever tried to claim their freedom.  It is a stain on the human race, both in the US and across the world.
Are you really comparing paying taxes to that?
@_date: 2013-05-24 17:24:36
But the *reason* that "gun" is there is because we have chosen to have it there, just like we have chosen that we don't want people stealing things or murdering people.  We think it's better for everyone to contribute to something that will cause our utility to increase.  With taxes we are more free to do what we want because we don't have to worry about protecting our homes or families or ourselves from people; instead we have societal institutions that do that for us.
Now, of course there are governments that abuse this system and are not looking out for the collective good (North Korea comes to mind).  But as you said, here the gun is an abstraction, and I'd rather have that abstract gun to my head than an actual gun to my head.
@_date: 2013-05-24 17:37:47
Ok, then, if we're all sheep and you're such a free-thinker, what system would you prefer?
Also, if everyone is raised in the same system, then who the fuck are the "rulers"?  Can some emerge from the system to become the new ruling class?  Or are we all just walking around with our thumbs up our asses now?