@_author: mandalord104
@_date: 2017-05-27 07:20:45
This. I cannot upvote this thread enough.
@_date: 2017-05-26 19:22:22
Marginal production cost of bitcoin is about 1500. So I will buy at ~900 or below.
@_date: 2017-05-27 10:31:11
Well, 45k USD worth at the top, and 45k USD worth at the bottom, is 10 times different even in long term.
@_date: 2017-05-27 05:31:31
Think of it this way: There is only a limited amount of gold in earth crust, why does the gold price not get higher? Coz the gold digging companies keep digging gold and sell it to the market, which lowers the price of gold.
Why do you think that Bitcoin will get the value of million USD? It will not work that way. In each period, in short term, bitcoin price (in USD) will be higher than marginal production cost (MC) of mining bitcoin, because that enables miner to produce and sell their bitcoin to the market. In long term, when all bitcoin are mined, the value of bitcoin will be roughly around their average production cost, which is also the intrinsic value of bitcoin.
In the case of bitcoin value goes much higher than the average production cost, people will buy and use other coins, which will increase the price of other coins and lower price of bitcoin. Again, the price of bitcoin in long term will fluctuate around its average production cost. The increase in value of goods and services will be transfer to other monetary instruments (other coins).
There are laws in economics, just like laws in other disciplines. I can agree that bitcoin will recover and get some increase in price, but the argument of "there is not enough bitcoin for millionaire" is just a bullshit. Bitcoin is not a monopoly of monetary instrument in the market.
@_date: 2017-05-27 08:09:32
The production will not increase, sure, but the amount of bitcoin being pushed to the market will increase in the time of high price. Bitcoin miner will not sell all their bitcoin, coz they expect the price to rise. So, in the time of low price (the period of ~200 usd/btc), most bitcoin mined went to stock, only a few being sold to cover the expense of running equipment. The time of high price is a chance to sell those stocked bitcoin and realize the profits. I believe that the dump on 24/05 is miner(s) unloading their stocked bitcoin.
Edit: Thanks and upvote for the clear explanation of bitcoin production.
@_date: 2017-05-15 06:06:30
Pardon me for bad English if my explanation is not correct or hard to understand. 
Yes I think bitcoin has intrinsic value. Let examine one of the oldest currency in the history of mankind: gold. To get gold, first miner needs to dig the gold, then purify(?) to get 99.99% gold. The whole process requires labors, chemicals and equipment, the value of workers efforts, chemicals unrecoverable, energies and equipment depreciation all transfer into gold, which is the cost. If somehow the market price of gold is higher than the cost, more effort will be put in to produce more gold and lower the marker price and vice versa. We can say that gold has intrinsic value, which is the total cost of making 99.99% gold. 
Fiat money is very different. The value of creating another note is very small compared to the value written on it. People accept fiat money because the government accepts fiat money when people purchasing public goods/services: You pay taxes, and we will provide legal/jurisdiction system, we will provide public security (police), national security (military), welfare etc. The nature of fiat money is very different from gold, the value does not come from cost but from the acceptance of a big player (govt). 
Bitcoin is very similar to gold. Bitcoin gain intrinsic value from all labor, electricity and equipment used to mine it. At the moment, you cannot create gold or bitcoin out of thin air. Imagine a day when human dig all the gold from earth crust while cannot go to other planet to dig more, we will see gold value increases (which means deflation) just like bitcoin after 21m bitcoin mined. 
@_date: 2017-05-27 06:05:02
I don't know for sure. I'm not a miner. Recently I found a link of cloud mining, where they propose me to invest, and I have the option of choosing different packages. The biggest package is to pay over 2k usd to get around 1.4 bitcoin in return (approximately). Therefore I conclude that the marginal production cost of bitcoin is lower than 1500 usd.
I think only miners (the large, competitive ones, not the puny home-based ones) can calculate the production cost of bitcoin accurately. I believe that the dump on 24/05 is some big miners unload their coins in stock to the market. The symptom is very clear, bitcoin and multiple other coins are dump together, at multiple exchanges, at the same time. They probably got a huge profits from the dump, coz they mine at much lower production cost.
Again, I myself don't know for sure that production cost, and there are many different factors that can surprisingly come to play, for example Amazon allows people to pay directly with bitcoin. There is no way to predict accurately how low will bitcoin price be. To be on the safe side, with my assumption of MC=1500 or lower, I will probably buy bitcoin at ~900 or lower.
@_date: 2017-05-15 05:32:21
Who would want to invest if there was deflation? Just keep the money for higher purchasing power in the future. 
Look, inflation is a way to transfer purchasing power from money holder to property holder. It creates incentives for people to invest and earn income, because if people keep their money at home for a long time, their purchasing power will vanish. And a healthy economy need its people to continuously invest and make business. 
Also, it is arguably to say that the deflation nature of bitcoin is only suitable for purchasing power storage, not for economic development. 
@_date: 2017-06-09 01:43:33
Yeah and only in the era of central banking, we have moon landing, computer, internet etc. This is stupid at best.