@_author: manicmacyd
@_date: 2016-03-30 11:39:03
Last month I visited Vietnam and tried out: 
They are clearly a new service and have amazingly good support so I was able to register really easily, then converted bitcoin on their exchange ok.  They have a really great withdrawal method that I used which was "withdraw to ID". This allowed me to specify any bank in the country to withdraw from, then just rock up with the specified ID (passport for me) and they gave me cash.
I made a 2.2% profit on the transaction, as opposed to maybe 8% loss if did it the traditional way.  There was zero cost to withdraw to ID in any bank which was awesome.
First time using bitcoin actually saved me money in the real world.  Awesome!
@_date: 2013-12-18 09:54:24
A surprisingly large volume of transactions and wealth storage behind the Iron Curtain in Eastern Europe were in the illegal USD.  Similar story in Argentina today.  There'll always be a place for a store of value immune to government abuse.  Bitcoin is so much easier to use and hide than gold, so it will naturally grow in these areas, as well as some international remittance, and international payments for goods and services.
@_date: 2013-12-18 01:05:45
Because the Chinese are selling.  The average Chinese punter is a speculator and does not realise that bitcoin is worth more in a closed economy due to its killer app of being able to transfer value unhindered.  The price should be rising in China, not falling.  I may be missing something but that makes sense to me at least. 
@_date: 2013-05-19 20:02:12
Would be great if mBTC could really take off even in one country so it goes beyond the geeks and the general populace start using it.  That would provide huge impetus to generate usable tools so that even grannies can use it.  
Argentina has 24% inflation plus major constraints on moving money in and out of the country.  People are risking 10 years in prison if they don't disclose all wealth and wealth is taxed increasingly heavily.  People are buying luxury cars to store their wealth.  If ever a country needs a non-inflating currency it is Argentina now.  There could easily be a 20% black market of the economy in BTC plus a few billion being pumped into BTC.