@_author: maniagamine
@_date: 2018-01-08 12:06:19
It is speculating yes, but it is also an investment.
Speculation and investment are not mutually exclusive.
Also your response about having a roof over ones head does not apply to an investment property. If it is an investment property you aren't living in it, and if you do live in it then it isn't really an investment property.
I live in Australia and we've seen an explosion in property values here leading many to suspect that we are in a bubble that could burst at any point which would result in the exact scenario I mentioned, which is no different to bitcoin. The only differences are that one is physical, the other is not. One is very volatile, the other is not. In terms of what it actually is though, it is still an investment. There are people who invest in property on speculation as well. I used to know someone who did that. They'd research an area to see what property prices were doing, buy a place up, sit on it for two years and sell it for a fairly hefty profit. It was property, but still speculative investing.
@_date: 2018-01-14 10:10:55
I missed out on getting in cheap because I live in Australia and there was no easy/safe/sensible way to buy bitcoin, by the time it was sensible it was hovering at around 400-600 AUD and I could only get a few and I spent little by little over the time left with very little I used the value of that at the ATH to jump into mining, now I am sitting at a (I think respectable) mining contract with hashflare and intend to just mine and sit on it.
I am not in it for the money, I am in it for the technology. It is interesting to me especially on the mining side. Though I must admit, money would be nice as well.
I am thinking about using some of the funds to start a small mining operation at home but the only sites I found in Australia that look like they might sell ASIC miners look like they'd potentially be dodgy or GROSSLY overcharge for them (6k AUD and up) and at that point factoring in difficulty increases the only way that would be even remotely profitable would be if the price of bitcoin skyrockets again. I'm not in it for the profit but I'm also not going to sink money that I'm not gonna get back into it. Some profit would be nice. At this point any profit I get I am likely to sink back in. It's more fun to see see my TH/s go up than my $ amount go up.
Sad part is that I've known about it since 2009 but I had no friends in it and knew no one who was in it and unfortunately ended up in a situation in 2010-11 where I couldn't afford to take the risk with someone I didn't know. Not unless of course I wanted my wife to kill me.
@_date: 2018-01-18 21:50:25
@_date: 2018-01-09 02:46:59
I want bitcoin to be cake. That would be great. Cake as a currency? Sign me the f* up! Like yesterday.
@_date: 2018-01-10 13:31:41
To clarify what people mean by more expensive. Lets just say you have a full node blockchain at 100gb for simplicity sake to run a full bch node you are looking at 8 times that. You'd need a 1tb hard drive dedicated to just to run it. As that grows higher and higher due to more usage it will eventually get to the point that only people running massive storage solutions of dozens of terabytes RAID'ed will be able to run full nodes. Less full nodes means more centralization. It's a natural consequence of just increasing block size.
It sounds good in theory and it is good in the short-term but really all they've done is exchange one set of problems for another.
@_date: 2018-01-11 11:44:48
Better late than never.
@_date: 2018-01-14 03:21:01
Omfg this comment is great.
@_date: 2018-01-14 06:51:22
I just removed a long reply as I think this discussion has reached its conclusion. I don't see either of us changing our positions and you're arguing against something that I'm not arguing (tax evasion advocacy) so at this point we're just shouting our respective positions at each other. You're pro-tax. I'm pro-tax. You seem to be under the impression that I'm anti-tax because I don't think regulation (taxation) has caught up to cryptocurrency yet and there are going to be natural edge cases that they would do well not to push too hard on lest they wanna turn cryptocurrency/privacy advocates into martyrs against taxation entirely.
Good day.
@_date: 2018-01-14 12:36:00
Is anyone else getting super excited? The technology is improving! To me this is the most exciting thing that has happened to Bitcoin in a long time.
Loving it!
@_date: 2018-01-17 06:56:28
70% of the hash rate isn't going to drop overnight. It would be a slow process, even if China was extremely efficient about it they might drop it by 20-30% in a short period of time and the rest much slower. Then there is the fact that many of the bigger mining farms are simply moving their operations to other countries.
I just don't see any scenario in which there is that big of a shock to the system.
Though honestly as a miner myself I would welcome a reduction overall especially given the current value drop. Even if it does take longer to get over the next difficulty/block threshold.
Edit: I must confess I didn't realize that Bcash difficulty was altered after such few blocks averaged out. That is somewhat interesting. Though as I said, I don't see that kind of reduction happening in such a short period of time. No matter how you slice it Cryptocurrency is heading for interesting times.
@_date: 2018-01-14 11:34:16
If you look at the technicals behind it, bitcoin has to go up. It simply can't not go up. Short of sustained panic, a failure to meet the objective demands or some major catastrophe that effects bitcoin and only bitcoin negatively.
None of these things are likely to happen. Sustained panic we've actually been enduring for the past few weeks and it has only pushed the value down to what... $12k? The fact that it pushed it down to ONLY $12k is huge. Now failure to meet the technological objectives could be what does it if anything, but as we are already seeing a rollout of segwit and lightning as L2 systems and there is even whispers of some L3 systems that can come online later down the track even that is looking unlikely. In fact it might end up going in reverse where bitcoin through additional layered functionality could roll into it the features of altcoins which would only shore up its market share.
Now a catastrophe would actually have to happen in a very targeted manner to hurt bitcoin in the long run. The bcash attempts at stealing the name is one example, and they aren't likely to be too successful at that in the long run. Now say outside catastrophes happen. That actually helps bitcoin as it will increase adoption rates as people flock to secure value in their assets in lieu of an economic collapse.
In these troubled times people need either consistency or value. If bitcoin can prove itself to mainstream that in the long run it is sustainable as an ever increasing valued asset then if an economic collapse is on its way, and it most certainly is then people will absolutely flock to bitcoin. Especially if LN and SegWit make it easy and cheap to do. Once you start looking at mainstream adoption the theoretical limits get crazy. 100k per coin? Easy. 500k? Perhaps. 1m? Maybe. 5m? Still possible. Just depends on the adoption rate and whether or not bitcoin survives its trials.
@_date: 2018-01-12 03:35:22
But... You can exchange it for goods and services? Can you everywhere no not yet but hell that applies to fiat as well. If I take Australian dollars and go to Spain and try to buy something with my Australian dollars they are probably going to say go get real money.
So I would have to exchange my Australian dollars for local currency. Much like you have to either bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 13:39:52
Probably what is sometimes referred to as a "fuzzy match" which is what happens when non-specific but tracked keywords show up that haven't been specifically vetted. In this case "bot" would likely be the word. That word would be flagged as suspicious and potentially even a trojan until it is properly vetted because generally trojans operate through/as bots for the purpose of botnetting and while very few trojans actually have references to bot in them, some do.
Basically anything with bot in it often ends up flagged as suspicious or a trojan by some anti-virus at some point or another due to that word.
@_date: 2018-01-10 09:26:48
Technically... even if you wanted to as of right now (in most countries afaik) you can't even if you wanted to. Until you exchange a crypto into fiat it doesn't matter what it is worth because it is effectively worth zero.
Charging people tax on something that is worth $50k when you have $500 to your name would be... well... not really possible. Unless they start taking that into account and try to repossess it through the courts by force. Which wouldn't really work in the grand scheme of things.
Now as others have said, technically any trade you do becomes a taxable event, however at the end of the day if you never exchange it into fiat for tax purposes you cannot really be forced to pay taxes on it if you don't have the money. (e.g never changed it to fiat)
Regardless of what the rules are that simply doesn't work in any practical way. So lets draw an example. Say you are into heavy speculative trading. Technically from a tax standpoint you should be documenting every trade you make and keeping those records. However until you actually cash out those gains you cannot (emphasis on cannot) be held liable (not legally but physically) for those taxes.
Now depending on where you live the rules might not bear that out. You might be liable for paying taxes on it under the rules, but as I said you have to have money to be taxed money unless they wanna open a pandoras box by forcing you to sell your assets (crypto) to pay off the taxes on them which becomes an interesting catch 22. Forcing you to sell something to pay tax on the something you have just sold.
So yeah I'd say... general rule of thumb, document everything and save it for when you cash out. If you are confused beyond that, seek out an accountant that has dealt with crypto and ask them. Either way my logic is that if they start demanding tax on crypto even if someone hasn't cashed out, they're going to create major headaches for themselves.
@_date: 2018-01-10 11:48:36
The problem is that BCH claims to fix problems that while they are legitimate problems, they only create new and different problems while essentially breaking compatibility with the solutions that have already been proposed and are in the process of being implemented.
So if everything on the Bitcoin side goes as planned, what will happen is that BCH forked to solve some problems, it legitimately did that while exposing itself to new problems which will absolutely come to destroy it later if they cannot resolve them, Bitcoin however will potentially solve those problems without compromising the underlying protocol thus not encountering the new problems that BCH has created for itself. So in the end IF everything goes to plan (Big if) then Bitcoin will likely emerge as the superior coin.
That is assuming that BCH doesn't manage to do a hostile takeover of the name and effectively "brand" itself as Bitcoin while the adoption rate is still increasing thus confusing everyone into thinking that BCH is the original/core/best and BTC is in fact the fork/secondary/broken. Which is probably why the people behind BCH are pushing so damned hard to brand BCH as Bitcoin and force Bitcoin into being called "Bitcoin core" because they know that in the short term if they get their way, it plays out well for them in the long term just by pure numbers. As in the noobs that come in get sucked into their coin without even realizing it. Then Bitcoin will solve its problems and we're right back at square one.
@_date: 2018-01-12 05:27:54
Bcash has just really exchanged one set of problems for another. Now I will admit that they are more open and friendly to change but that can also work against you if you start adopting changes that weren't well vetted.
Honestly my take on Bcash is that it really boiled down to a great short-term profit venture for those involved.
@_date: 2018-01-17 10:37:09
@_date: 2018-01-14 08:18:23
Saying what the IRS can and cannot PHYSICALLY within the scope of the law do... is not advocacy.
I think you need to learn what advocacy actually is before claiming that someone is engaging in the act. Stating the facts of what can physically be done within the constraints of the law is not advocating for evasion.
I tried to make this known at multiple points by clearly stating that I do not support tax evasion yet you seem to be under the impression that providing any context that questions tax is somehow advocating for evading it. You've failed at fundamental basics of logic.
I could argue that a person could resist arrest by simply running faster than a cop. That does not mean I am advocating for resisting arrest and running from the cop. Now if I provided absolutely no context you might infer that was what I was doing or meant, but I need only say "I am not advocating for or supporting resisting arrest" to nullify that. If you continue to assume that is what I mean then you are no longer taking my position into consideration and have developed a strawman argument as you're arguing my position for me, a position I do not hold.
This entire exchange has essentially been a strawman of your own making, one I tried to stop but alas you refused to give up on it. So you can think what you like, but I'm telling you flat out that I do not hold the position you think I do. You don't get to define both sides of the argument. That's what you're trying to do. Essentially telling me what I think. I'm not going to continue entertaining that. I was hopeful that logic would prevail but clearly not.
**I DO NOT SUPPORT TAX EVASION** No matter what you think I am saying I do not, nor did anything I say suggest that I did or that it was something that people should do. Hence what I said in the very beginning. COULD vs SHOULD.
Honestly if I were interested in this conversation continuing I'd actually demand that you show me in my own words where I EVER mentioned that someone SHOULD evade. Because I have never said that.
Also in relation to: &gt; You keep saying you should only pay taxes after you cash out in fiat.
I absolutely **NEVER** said that.
@_date: 2018-01-09 06:00:33
You think the US government cares about homeless and poor people? Hahaha. They could have corrected both of those problems many times by now but haven't. They blame those people for those outcomes.
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:01:39
The highest number I've seen floated around is 1m. However, IF it were to reach that then in theory it could go higher. Given the nature of the volatility I'd say if it did hit a million it probably wouldn't stay at a million for long unless it was poised to shoot past a million.
At the end of the day it'll be as valuable as people think it is, and if it becomes a solid reserve asset it will potentially have extremely high value, what that happens to be is entirely up in the air.
I'd go with 1m as a safe bet. Higher than that is... well heh not sure how that would even go. I think it would have to hit a much higher adoption rate to hit 1m and unless it can solve its core issues, that isn't gonna happen. Altcoins would hit that before bitcoin does I think.
@_date: 2018-01-10 01:34:20
Investing in anything is investing in value. Now there is rational investing, and irrational investing. Bitcoin was irrational 7-8 years ago, but few people would have admitted they were "investing" in it back then. It was a toy. Play money. They played with it because they could. It was technologically interesting.
Now it has real value, significant real value. That is where investing comes in. Now back to the rational vs irrational part. There are both of these occurring with cryptocurrency. People irrationally investing speculatively in the hopes of striking it rich, and people very rationally formulating plans that have taken as much information as they can get into account. That is rational investing.
The funny part is that the examples he gave are just plain moronic. I mean he mentioned gold along with tulips and beanie babies. Gold has held value through a good chunk of human history, beanie babies and tulips... not so much. But investing is all about value. Rational investing is looking at long term potential and irrational is looking at short term potential.
ANYTHING can have value. The snot out of my nose could have value. All I'd need to do is convince people that it does and bam... value. As long as there is value there is the potential for investment.
Will bitcoin pay off as a valuable investment? Who the hell knows. But something this person fails to consider is that we've entered an age where a good chunk of fiat currency is not backed by any physical value and a large percentage of the value transactions with it are done without ever touching a physical object. Yet we still believe in, trust in and even invest in fiat currency. Why? Many of us never see it. We just wave or insert a card and it is magically transferred from us to them via computer. It is no different with cryptocurrency. Cryptocurrencies offer additional features that fiat does not currently offer in many cases. It does some things fiat does not do very well and fiat does some things that crypto does not do very well. But they're interchangeable due to the perceived value and as long as that perceived value exists then Bitcoin cannot be stupid.
This writer seems to be applying opinion laced logic to denounce a technology that they simply do not like. Someone not liking something and trying to use logic to spin it into a bad thing to justify their dislike is poor form as far as I'm concerned.
As long as Bitcoin holds value to people and can be used as a means of transferring value, either directly or through fiat exchange it will not be stupid. No more so than fiat is. And if the writer thinks fiat is stupid then I'd love to know what he thinks "isn't" stupid as a means of transferring value from one entity to another.
//End Rant
@_date: 2018-01-10 01:14:20
No offense to OP but I really wish people would stop posting bitcoin.com articles. The guy that owns it is a Bcash shill and has been actively trying to discourage people from continued usage of bitcoin in favor of Bcash. Unironically he also wants to try to take over the name bitcoin and push bitcoin as it stands now into some legacy/core/other name so that Bcash gets all the usage that Bitcoin currently does.
Who would have thunk it? A guy that uses the name "Bitcoin" in a website to shill for a fork of bitcoin trying to also take the name itself for marketing purposes. It's all very dodgy and driven by greed and ego.
@_date: 2018-01-11 08:05:50
Said that a few hours ago.
More specifically this section:


@_date: 2018-01-17 00:33:27
That isn't how mining works though. It is a self-correcting system. Why do people keep pushing this nonsense that if the Chinese stop mining that it will just plummet and everything gets worse. That isn't how the algorithm works.
If hash rate decreases so does difficulty. The system literally tries to force a 10 minute block mining time no matter what.
Now also it is worth noting that almost all of the crypto currencies are doing poorly right now not just bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-12 06:27:59
While I largely agree with you, that is more opinion than it is fact.
Their intentions behind being more open to change are kind of irrelevant outside of opinion. Open source and the market doesn't care what peoples intentions are as long as it provides the best solution at any given time.
It is debatable whether or not their solution is in fact the best solution. I believe that it isn't but ultimately time will tell.
@_date: 2018-01-15 05:27:51
Technicals... as in the technology. The obvious supply and demand. The mining will be halved in 2020. The demand shows a trend of going up. Adoption seems to be on the upward trend, if not for bitcoin at least for crypto in general.
You referencing investors is exactly the problem. I said technical, I mean technology. Talking about investors is adding the human element. The human element is unpredictable. OF COURSE when you consider that it doesn't have to go up. But your entire post reeks of FUD to be honest. You seem to be working on the premise that it's magically going to cap out and can only go down from there. If you understand the technology and you factor in just a steady demand (without anything else changing) it will go up. If you factor in increasing demand/adoption it will go up. The technology supports this by virtue of supply and demand.
If you have a finite supply and the demand keeps increasing, the value goes up. The only thing that can change that is the human element. But I thought it was kind of obvious when I made mention of "technicals" that it didn't include the human element. Nothing about the human element is technical.
Could Bitcoin crash? Sure. Absolutely. But anything less than a crash... is likely to see a overall upward trend. And even a crash would still likely result in an OVERALL upward trend. This is based solely on the technology. E.g increasing demand, limited and lessening supply. Not even factoring in people who have lost thousands upon thousands of coins over the years.
So no, it isn't dangerous. It is only dangerous if you are ignoring the fundamental technical aspects such as supply/demand and the technology or are putting far more weight on the human element than you probably should.
@_date: 2018-01-10 02:54:49
That's actually very interesting. The idea that wallets with a zero balance are effectively removed/destroyed/unloaded until they get a balance above zero.
That would be a very smart system, as the system itself doesn't need to retain inactive accounts as the transactions are all stored.
@_date: 2018-01-06 04:33:09
What is this? I am intrigued.
@_date: 2018-01-11 04:42:33
There are two possibilities that lay before us.
Either it is a dip, or it is a crash. Which is it? Well no one truly knows, but based on past evidence and future prospects it is not a crash. If it is not a crash then it is a dip. There are no other options. If bitcoin crashes, that is fine... it will not be "destroyed". A crash would at this point entail losing 50-90% of its value. That is possible of course, but for that to happen would require a lot of things to happen that shouldn't be able to happen realistically.
A lot of what might be driving the larger than normal dip is the new factors that have been happening in the last few weeks is increased talk in various countries of tax agencies pursuing crypto traders/miners as well as other markets (a few significantly large ones e.g China and South Korea) completely banning or heavily regulating certain aspects of it if not all of it. This is enough to visibly seem shocking to people. That will create a heavy dip, will it create a crash? Possibly. It certainly can but I doubt it will. At least in the long term.
Try to remember that we're only on day 10 of January (11 for me) and given all that is happening it is only dropping 5-10% per day here or there... that's unheard of. If you had ANY other company/commodity who had one or more of its major markets talking about (not even doing but just considering) outright BANNING it... to only have a 5-10% drop per day should alleviate any real concern. That shows stability. For as volatile as crypto is it SHOULD be dropping it by 20-30% with that news but it hasn't. At any rate Bitcoin is as a protocol self-correcting. People aren't but the protocol is. So with all that said I believe we are seeing dips, not crashes. If it starts dropping by 20-50% then you can worry. Then we're officially in crash territory and that is when we get into the risk of feedback loops where the dip causes more panic which causes more dipping which causes more panic and so on and so forth until we're back down to bargain bitcoins. But given the strength of crypto as a market concept if that happens and Bitcoin's "fall" didn't crash every other crypto then you can bet your ass people by the bucketload will be jumping on it hoping for another huge spike. Which would likely be rewarded with... a huge spike. At this point bitcoin won't fail without outside nonsense happening, and don't get me wrong that nonsense is absolutely happening... from multiple angles. But I believe Bitcoin can survive it. I am hoping anyway. If it doesn't... oh well. It was a fun ride while it lasted.
@_date: 2018-01-10 04:12:25
Short answer. People are panicked easily and often without rational thought.
Long answer. Most people don't actually understand how mining works nor do they understand market principles (Sad but true) so they see any major shifting of the economics as being something to panic over. China gets out, they assume that the value will go down which isn't even remotely true. They might try to rationalize it in their heads with silly reasons like confidence going down or a shock to the system causing mass selling, which itself becomes a feedback loop or yadda yadda. All of which is incorrect.
Now in reality the value dropping probably has less to do with the China announcement than it does to do with the latest Bcash shilling/announcement from blockexplorer (I believe it was that one) also probably has something to do with the obvious scalability problems and confidence is being reduced as a result. People are worried, understandably so. At the end of the day it doesn't matter. Bitcoin will survive. Whether it drops to $1000 per bitcoin or skyrockets to $1,000,000 per bitcoin it will survive. It is a very well designed self-correcting system. If tons of miners exit, the difficulty drops enforcing a 10 minute block mining time. The leftover miners will be rewarded quite nicely. If that happens transactions will also speed up and fees will go down thus alleviating some of the scalability issues. At least on a temporary level. Sure the value might take a hit but that doesn't matter.
At the end of the day Bitcoin is beholden to basic supply/demand principles. Supply is enforced at a specific rate by the algorithm but as time goes on the supply will naturally decrease as a result of lost coins but the supply will be pumped up by new coins mined, however there is a finite amount and as time goes on the amount mined does decrease (Next halving occurs in 2020) so in theory with that in mind the value of bitcoin should go up no matter what. There are things that can occur that will reduce its value but it should in theory always recover and go back up, as long as it is taken seriously anyway. If it stops being taken seriously then all bets are off but as long as it is being taken seriously it should follow an upward trend. Maybe the trend might be slower, maybe it might hit some bumps but it will still remain upward.
@_date: 2018-01-04 02:16:15
This is not actually true. Not in the way it is being reported anyway.
What seems to be happening is that Australia as of about 3 years ago created provisional regulation on cryptocurrency exchanges which was an attempt to crack down on fraud and more specifically make sure that people could be identified. This forced exchanges to verify peoples identities before allowing them to actually deal with the exchanges through trading. The regulation is also in side effect being driven by the ATO for taxation purposes. Government always wants their money after all.
Now what seems to be happening is that there have been people who are major dealers either through mining or essentially trying to act as middlemen or in other terms, exchanges. It only took a very small amount of looking to realize that BitcoinBabe (The one making the bulk of the claims) has a website in which she basically acts as an exchange herself. It is entirely possible that she is not in compliance with the regulation as she is acting as an exchange without verifying peoples identities etc or whatever.
She has posted that she has "business" accounts. Now the problem here is that the reporting suggests that banks are just going willy nilly freezing/closing peoples accounts if they dare dabble in cryptocurrency because cryptocurrency is evil and bad and wrong!!
No, that isn't what is happening at all. These are very specific cases of very specific people who are engaging in very specific behaviours that likely caught the ire of the banks because these people are likely moving large amounts of money and the various banks are not happy with how they are going about it. Now I don't know what the specifics are and my mention of them potentially ignoring the regulation might just be ONE possibility it could be something else entirely. It could just be that the banks don't believe the people to be reputable enough to allow them to continue operating business accounts in that fashion.
I even looked up Westpac (Which is where I do my banking) and Westpac actually has coinbase as one of their partners. So to suggest through reporting that they are somehow against cryptocurrency on the whole and are freezing accounts of anyone whom dabbles in crypto is just plain false and there is no evidence to support that implication. This is yet another example of sensational reporting taking nothing more than anecdotal "evidence" and running with a story that is objectively false.
@_date: 2018-01-16 03:47:37
At the same time, BCash shouldn't have to try to rebrand Bitcoin into some separate thing (Bitcoin-legacy) so that it can take the name "Bitcoin" for itself. A truly legit and superior altcoin should not have to do this to win market share.
If they believed their product was superior they would have no problem proudly declaring themselves Bitcoin Cash as a distinct entity. But no, they have been trying very fervently to rebrand Bitcoin as Bitcoin-legacy or Bitcoin-core so that they can call Bitcoin Cash the real "Bitcoin". I mean that doesn't smack of desperation or dirty tactics at all. Oh wait... no it's the other thing. It is absolutely desperate and dirty. To me it screams that they don't really see the value in their altcoin because it cannot stand on its own two legs as a superior product, no they need to use the name bitcoin to "sell it".
It is painfully obvious that they are trying to confuse newbies into supporting their coin than bitcoin rather than just selling on the merits of their coin over bitcoin. I mean the owner (Ver) has bitcoin.com and most of the Bcash shills run I mean... come on... if they really believed in their coin why would they need to use the bitcoin "brand"? If the crypto market was regulated they'd have been sued to the ground by now.
@_date: 2018-01-13 12:20:08
Great idea in theory, but it doesn't sound very sustainable. Though if it were I'd be willing to go with it. I've always had a soft spot for gold anyway.
@_date: 2018-01-14 02:16:46
Quick! Sell all! Muwhahaha
@_date: 2018-01-08 12:49:02
I didn't say they were the same thing, I said they are not mutually exclusive. An investment can be a speculation and a speculation can be an investment, though it doesn't have to be.
Also, what's with the attitude? Saying bitcoin isn't an investment because it is speculation is factually incorrect. There is literally a definition that I've posted twice now. The definition actually even makes reference to housing using essentially the example I mentioned in my first response.
IT CAN BE BOTH. If you want to tell me that I am not invested in bitcoin I am going to tell you that you don't understand the definition of the word investment.
For those who can't read or choose to ignore you know... the dictionary.


noun [ C or U ] UK ​ US ​ FINANCE, STOCK MARKET
an investment that carries a high level of risk of loss, or the activity of investing in these types of investment:
The more people use housing as a form of speculative investment, the greater the risk of surges and collapses in value.
He lost millions in a series of speculative investments.
@_date: 2018-01-11 13:51:24
It's not FUD from him. It's just an old mans (mis)understanding of how the world, markets and money works.
His opinions are valid and correct... for everything else. But he doesn't really understand Bitcoin or cryptocurrency therefore his comments aren't really applicable to it.
It is a common theme among older people. They often talk about things they think they understand because it might fit loosely in the sphere of what they understand while in reality having no idea what they're talking about.
FUD is intentional. He isn't intentionally trying to spread FUD. He's just giving his misinformed opinion.
@_date: 2018-01-10 01:09:11
Well the guy is trying to shill Bcash and turn it into "The one true bitcoin". That and the guy has an ego the size of a planet so yeah.
@_date: 2018-01-16 03:55:33
It could go either way. Which means that this information is largely meaningless.
@_date: 2018-01-16 09:51:22
Somehow I don't think that picture belongs to that twitter user/account. On the account that I've seen that picture before several times over the years and I suspect that it belongs to someone far more well known than some random cryptocurrency twitter user with 10 followers.
@_date: 2018-01-02 10:08:42
I have the distinct feeling the cases where Australian banks are freezing over crypto activity they are doing so because they believe that the customers in question are acting as exchanges or go-betweens for cryptocurrencies.
Basically what seems to be happening is that the banks are very wary of crypto currency and the government as it stands has requirements of any crypto currency exchange such as requiring that the person be identified and verified so they can be traced. If a person for example one of the twitter accounts who has been claiming this is happening BitcoinBabeAU is acting as an exchange (And it appears by looking over her website that she is) and she is not complying with the ATO regulation banks would absolutely freeze their accounts.
It's a crappy situation but that might explain why it is happening. If you are just dabbling and withdrawing or whatever that probably isn't a significant issue, but if all of a sudden you have tens of thousands of dollars moving in and out of your account consistently then that looks bad from a banking perspective.
@_date: 2018-01-06 12:35:57
I did. It just takes me to an image showing Activation successfully completed, your current balance is: 500$
That doesn't show the exchange name, provide a link or provide any context with which we can "hurry up" to.
@_date: 2018-01-11 11:55:24
Just read the article and I must say... while it is refreshing that they are finally starting to accept it, it is also worrying that they seem not to understand the nature of how bitcoin can be broken up.


They seem to be under the impression that '1 bitcoin' is somehow supposed to be a singular dollar-like unit. This suggests to me that the author of the article doesn't really understand bitcoin that much.
I think that might be a good thing though, for now. Bitcoin isn't ready for mass adoption quite yet. Until SegWit and LN are implemented on a much larger scale it shouldn't go into that territory quite yet. As we've already seen the scalability issues exist, and there are opportunists trying to exploit the issues to create problems.
The sad part is that ultimately in the long run Bitcoin might be able to do everything that the other coin(s) do anyway. Dare I say that the future is bright for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-07 03:27:07
Uh... my comment was posted nearly half an hour before you posted the link, so calling me a dummy for not seeing a link that you hadn't posted yet is a bit rich.
Also when you click on a reply even a contextual (hit context) it takes you specifically to that post so I didn't see the link you posted... in a separate comment.
@_date: 2018-01-10 03:13:35
Yes, we are in for a bumpy ride. And? There are going to be victims. There are going to be people who get very badly hurt out of this. There are going to even be people who lose their entire life savings. That is simply what is going to happen. There is no way around it.
Now that all being said, at the end of the day bitcoin is solid. Bitcoin Cash while it might solve some of the problems in the short-term, it isn't sustainable in the long-term. Bitcoin IS. As long as there are people interested in seeing Bitcoin succeed it will. At the end of the end of the day bitcoin has the stamina to outlive this whole debacle. Yeah it might struggle for awhile, hell it might even hit "breaking point" to many. But for those they will exit and life will continue on for the rest of us.
Each individual needs to make their own minds up and their own decisions and stick to it. Either stick with it, or don't. Either way it doesn't matter. Bitcoin cash does not really offer anything bitcoin cannot offer in the future. The only reason it isn't yet is because of the concentrated push that you described by the bad actors, but what those bad actors are doing simply isn't sustainable as I said already and when something isn't sustainable then it will eventually die.
Cryptocurrency will not die. Bitcoin being "the daddy" of crypto will not die. Bitcoin cash... might not die, but their solutions are not really long term solutions so it will eventually as a natural consequence of time become unwieldy and centralized as you said and once that happens the entire ethos behind bitcoin will be negated thus defeating the very purposes they claimed they were defending under their claim of being "the one true bitcoin". Bitcoin was always intended to be something that evolved, but the democratic nature of it makes said evolution slow. Now the stalling isn't as a result of anything being done by those in charge of bitcoins development, it is happening as a direct result of those bad actors trying to manipulate the whole system for personal gain. They work under the guise of trying to better bitcoin when in reality they are trying to take over bitcoin and claim it as their own. Satoshi remained anonymous presumably to maintain the integrity of bitcoin. Not to tie it to any one persons ego. With Bitcoin cash there are people who are basically trying to build the bitcoin (cash) brand around themselves and a select few. Trying to be the owners of the brand and that is contrary to everything bitcoin stands for.
So at the end of the day I don't believe they will be successful because one way or another their nonsense will be their undoing as far as I'm concerned. When you have an open system like Bitcoin, the only way to usurp it is through underhanded trickery and to keep that from working against you you'd have to keep secrecy and that secrecy does not work well in the open ecosystem so it is somewhat self-defeating. Or perhaps I should use the term self-correcting. Those are my thoughts anyway. //End rant.
@_date: 2018-01-09 07:05:11
I didn't say anything about a crypto-only world though. What is it with people on reddit thinking I've said something that I didn't say, hell I didn't even imply it. In fact I literally said "crypto is just another option." If it is another option then it is clearly implied that it wouldn't be a crypto-only world.
Honestly a crypto-only world simply wouldn't make sense at this point for that very reason. Government is not going to give up their stake in ownership of value. E.g currency. Even if they had to make their own crypto to compete against other cryptos they will do whatever it takes to retain some stake of control of value. They they do this in the form of taxes, though in reality they don't need our tax dollars because they can essentially poof more money into existence anytime they like. But if they never take or destroy money then you end up with excessive inflation. (Not hyperinflation, that only happens when there is a run-away creation of money and that isn't even the least bit sustainable.)
@_date: 2018-01-07 05:22:25
But... why the hell did they arrest him for it?
This is literally a case of guilty until proven innocent. If you are being punished (arrested) for something like this without it being proven that you in fact have actually committed a crime that is not how the judicial process is supposed to work.
He should sue the crap out of the bank and the police department for the error.
@_date: 2018-01-10 03:21:34
What? lol
@_date: 2018-01-16 03:56:12
If you have to put [Legit] on something, it probably isn't legit.
It's like the "BELIEVE ME!" that is a big red flag of "Don't believe anything this guy is about to say"
@_date: 2018-01-07 17:06:50
You cannot make any set amount per month. Anything that says you can is lying.
The difficulty increases roughly every 14 days, with the difficulty increases you will make less per day. That only evens out or improves when the price of bitcoin goes up. 
So it sounds good in theory but that isn't how it will work out in practice. To consistently get that same amount without increases in bitcoin you'd need to reinvest some which will naturally eat into your profits.
So unless you came to that $115 with the reinvestment factored in, that might be enough to make it not worth it for you personally.
@_date: 2018-01-11 13:04:55
Really? Who is "The Korea" exactly? Sounds like someone I'd like to meet.
@_date: 2018-01-13 02:04:19
It would be very interesting if you end up being right. Interesting from a technological standpoint anyway.
We live in interesting times people. I dare say, the most interesting time in human history. Literally. Shaking up thousands upon thousands of years of norms at every level. Now currency, the bedrock of trade. I love it! I love where it is going, even if it doesn't skyrocket in value just the idea of it becoming the de facto reserve currency and being taken seriously as a technological feat is amazing.
@_date: 2018-01-10 01:45:37
Who would sue them?
@_date: 2018-01-08 00:18:11
Normally I wouldn't care, but I don't like people making a mistake then trying to blame others for it, not only that but insulting the person who calls them out on it.
Timestamps do not lie.
It is literally 15 minutes difference. So I was wrong, not nearly half an hour. You posted the link 15 minutes after my comment. So yeah while you did post the link, you cannot call me a "dummy" for not seeing it because it wasn't there when I made the comment. The timestamps reflect this fact.
@_date: 2018-01-09 06:54:44
That LITERALLY takes me to 
It opens the image. That's all it does. Now if it does something different for you, that would be very interesting. But that is what it does for me. In fact it does that on both the web AND on the app.(for android anyway) So you're telling me to do something... thinking it does something that it isn't doing for me and calling me a fool for it. I'm literally telling you that it doesn't do what you think it does. If you don't believe me I'll freaking make a gif of me clicking on the link. It doesn't do what you think it does, not for me anyway. I suspect not for you either but perhaps you're unwilling to admit this since you've decided to double down on your initial mistake.
@_date: 2018-01-14 03:35:23
At the end of the day until the value is converted to USD it would be really hard for the IRS (or any tax agency) to really collect.
If you only have $500 to your name yet you do thousands upon hundreds of thousands of crypto shifting... you still effectively have $500. Til that crypto turns into USD your effective real world worth hasn't changed. This kind of has to remain this way logically as there are some serious issues that can come up if they start trying to collect based on crypto you have.
Unless they start actually allowing you to pay taxes in crypto, then all bets are off. lol.
@_date: 2018-01-07 09:27:48
Shots fired! :P
@_date: 2018-01-11 13:00:43
Gasp... who would have thunk it... a "Law enforcement" agency (Yes I used quotations for a reason) not being happy about losing the arms race in terms of privacy.
This has always been a put the cart before the horse issue. I know they have to do their jobs, but in a free society of which the US claims to be it is always supposed to be innocent until proven guilty. Giving the authorities the keys to all your secrets by default is to presume guilt before innocence. That is not the structure of a free society.
The worst thing I can honestly imagine is a society that claims to be free and claims to follow the rule of law yet has agencies that operate primarily above it. Allowing the very circumvention of the laws they are supposed to uphold through secret courts and presumed guilt.
Value through currency has for much of humanity been one of the key attributes of power distribution in society going all the way back to cave people. He who has the most things generally wins. That is not a new concept. So for an overarching government entity to want to not only break down security that keeps peoples secrets safe but also wants to potentially use that power to gain access to a persons value via its currency is to me an attack on civility. It is an attack on society. I don't care if criminals use technology to commit crimes. Obviously the authorities aren't too concerned with people using tools to commit crimes as they have done very little to stop those tools from being put in the hands of criminals. So to take something away from everyone just to stop a few potential bad guys is not acceptable. This power will be abused, like every power ever given before it. The whole point of cryptocurrency is for people to take back their power, take back their value. To anyone that wants to try to take it back by force, you will lose that fight because once people get a taste of true freedom they're not going to want to give it up quietly. I don't know if cryptocurrency will be revolutionary or not, but the effects of it absolutely will be and to all governments out there. 
**You are not prepared.**
@_date: 2018-01-14 04:00:53
Uh... nothing I said implied or suggested intentional tax evasion. If your argument is "It is your civic duty" then you've already lost the argument, because that isn't an argument.
Whether you should or shouldn't isn't the question. Whether you can or can't is the question. The fact is that right now until you convert it to USD you cannot, at least beyond what you're already paying. It doesn't matter if you're doing $50 worth of gains in trading or $50m the fact is that until you pull it out into fiat it is effectively zero.
Now SHOULD you take out enough to pay your taxes appropriately? Sure... but in all reality when you get into the notion of forcing someone to make a potentially detrimental choice just to to pay an arbitrary value on another arbitrary value (Taxes on perceived gains) then we're getting into a territory that even the IRS tends to avoid which is telling people how they can and cannot spend their money. Remember crypto effectively has zero value in the broad sense. So the "gains" you make are theoretical and they change constantly.
You SHOULD in theory track every transaction and square away the gains come tax time should you have made any, but at the end of the day it is the gains you have made AT THE END OF THE DAY that matter. If you did 50,000 trades and got 50m in taxable income, you pay on 50m simple. Tracking every single gain and trying to pay a tax on it despite not converting it to fiat is simply illogical and effectively impossible. Unless you're on really good money and can afford to be paying tax on money you haven't yet received, which is what it boils down to. You haven't received any money so why are you paying tax on it?
@_date: 2018-01-16 11:58:23
Okay, that was pretty freaking great. Haha.
@_date: 2018-01-14 08:24:11
I agree. But then the tangible assets have fiat value. cryptocurrency's fiat value is meaningless until you cash out or buy something with it imo.
@_date: 2018-01-14 07:57:24
Clearly you spent a lot of time to write yet another pointless reply when I had already edited my post as I came to the conclusion this is a pointless debate.
You cannot understand what I am saying so there is no point. You KEEP thinking that I'm advocating tax evasion. You seem to be heavily triggered by it in fact. So just let it go.
@_date: 2018-01-16 09:47:29
Honestly... the fact that bitcoin is still above 10k should be a positive sign to most people. I mean sure it could drop below, but all things considered it could have dropped below every day this year (Funny saying that) so far but it hasn't.
It has actually shown a resilience that it shouldn't be showing according to most detractors. That is very telling. What if the lowest it dips to is 10k and it skyrockets sometime later this month or even this year? That has happened, several times now. So this isn't something anyone should be too worried about.
Either stick with it, or don't. Either way if you have been in it for more than 6 months you're going to be out ahead.
@_date: 2018-01-08 23:22:29
I think you're just trolling now. You submitted an IMAGE post. It's a post... to an image. Not a website. I clicked on the link before I made my first post. It took me to an image. I honestly think you are just trolling because you're telling me to learn about reddit... while clearly not knowing how reddit works yourself (E.g implying that your image post somehow linked to the website you're referring to, it doesn't) also accusing me of not seeing a link to the website that you posted AFTER I commented. I even provided the proof via timestamp.
I wouldn't care in the least if it weren't for the fact that you're doing this all while trying to insult me when YOU made the mistake. You cannot expect me to see a link that wasn't posted yet. You cannot expect me to click on a link to a website that doesn't actually contain a link to a website and accuse me of being a fool when what you are claiming happens DOESN'T HAPPEN.
I normally use the website, but I just checked via the app to see if the behaviour is different and that somehow there is a hidden embedded link in the image. There isn't. If I click on the link, it takes me to an image. The image does not contain any link or URL.
You messed up and you're trying to blame me for your error. I get it, you don't wanna seem wrong. That's fine, I wouldn't actually care if it weren't for the fact that you keep trying to insult me by calling me a fool. The sad part is the only one looking like a fool here is you for saying things that simply are not true. For example that I was supposed to click something to achieve a result that DOES NOT HAPPEN. Or that I was supposed to have seen a link in a separate comment that WASN'T POSTED YET.
Here's what happened. You made a post to an image. You seemed to be under some weird impression that the image or post linked to the website you are referring to. It doesn't. Then when someone calls you out on it you attack that person as if they are wrong, then you realize your mistake and post... the link in a separate comment AFTER I made my comment and call me a fool for not seeing it. Well listen up bucko... I'm good, but I'm not that good. I do not have the ability to see into the future. I cannot have possibly known about a link that you hadn't posted yet.
I suspect you're just trolling now, but if you're not and you're serious. Then you're an idiot or you're just trying to save face, failing horribly.
@_date: 2018-01-09 11:58:01
I'll give it a test. Sounds interesting.
@_date: 2018-01-16 09:44:19
Dude... congrats on living your life with the gains you got. Sure you might have gotten more gains later on but so what? You used what you had to make some great life memories and that is what life is all about.
I'd say bitcoin well spent.
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:19:44
I like your optimism.
@_date: 2018-01-12 04:41:46
That has nothing to do with the definition of a currency though. A currency is a intermediate item for the exchange of goods. Adding "it has to have a country of issuance where it is valid" is not a requirement for something to be a currency.
If that were the case then you would essentially be saying for something to be considered a currency it has to have a country of issuance thus making "the money of the internet" not money by virtue of some arbitrary addition to the real definition.
Now we could argue that bitcoin is not a "legal" currency using the country of issuance logic because there is such a thing as legal money and illegal money. It has actually a significant amount of historical references of people creating illegal currency. And we're not strictly talking about counterfeiting, there are people who would take a lot of legal currency in the form of coins and melt them down then remake them with less material basically giving them more coins than they started with. It is really fascinating historically speaking. But that is the difference. Currency VS legal currency.
Is bitcoin currency? Yes. Is it legal currency? Not yet, at least not in most parts of the world. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 11:13:14
Nope, still investing. After all, investing IS gambling. You could buy an investment property tomorrow and have a massive housing bubble burst losing 40% of the value of your home overnight. Literally the same thing.
@_date: 2018-01-06 04:52:24
Ohhh, that's kind of awesome actually.
@_date: 2018-01-11 13:02:20
Ah... the good ole "I spoke to someone" routine. Never gets old... oh wait... no it's the other thing, it got old the moment it started.
@_date: 2018-01-14 07:33:09
Lol funnily enough I just got into a very umm "heated" debate which was basically about this. Until it is converted into fiat it means nothing, at least in real world terms.
That isn't to say it is worthless, nothing is worthless in reality. But real world gains only matter once you've actually made the gains.
@_date: 2018-01-12 08:04:06
Hah I did not realize that was actually a real word. Neat. I am going to start using that a lot now, it can have so many uses in this modern crazy world we live in.
@_date: 2018-01-18 10:59:41
Ultimately it depends on whether or not you want to or need to spend them now.
If you need to, definitely sell them. If you do not need to but want to. Ask yourself why and what for. If it is good enough for you, sell them.
If neither apply then do not sell them as they could very well be worth a lot more in 6-12 months time.
@_date: 2018-01-08 00:12:00
In other words you're paying more to power the GPU than you'll make in profit.
@_date: 2018-01-14 02:25:59
The fact that their entire platform is actually built on essentially replacing bitcoin with bcash, I'd say they already defeated their own arguments because they know that Bcash is not in fact superior to Bitcoin. If their coin was superior and offered a clear better option they would not be trying to replace bitcoin with it. They would simply offer it as a superior alternative.
You don't need dirty marketing to sell a superior product.
@_date: 2018-01-14 05:06:08


Strawman argument. I did not put forth that position at all. So you're literally arguing a non-argument with a non-argument.


So we are agreed then. You cannot pay taxes until you dispose of a coin. Disposing of a coin to another coin does not yield money with which you can pay tax. Unless they start letting you pay your taxes WITH CRYPTO you literally cannot (mechanically speaking) pay your tax without fiat money. It isn't about what you should do or shouldn't do, as I have said repeatedly now. It isn't about what the law says. It isn't about the taxable nature of the event. We all KNOW it is a taxable event. No one is arguing that it is not. You seem to be under the impression that I am arguing that it is not a taxable event or that you do not have to pay taxes on it. I am not arguing that, I never was.
I'm simply arguing that from a physical monetary and logical perspective they CANNOT no matter how you slice it tax you if you have not converted that money into fiat. It doesn't matter what the intricacies of it are. It doesn't matter what the law is, they just can't do it. They will get their money in the end one way or another absolutely no one is arguing that they won't. Nor am I arguing that you shouldn't pay your taxes.
But lets say for argument you decided to start paying everything in crypto, and you were a miner. And you were avoiding exchanges therefore could not be identified. How exactly would "the tax man" tax you? Say... you had no money. You never converted it to fiat. You do EVERYTHING with crypto. How are they going to tax you? They aren't. They can't. They cannot tax you. How? Because there is AT THE MOMENT. No mechanism for it. Will that change? Probably but right here right now there isn't.
Even the article you posted doesn't dispute what I've said.


That isn't how this works. Unless the IRS starts auditing every single cryptotrader which is beyond their ability as of right now and starts repossessing assets or getting court orders to force people to sell their crypto (Which would get into very dangerous territory) that simply isn't how it works.
It honestly sounds to me like you're just shilling for the IRS at this point. Your underlying message seems to be PAY YOUR TAXES PAY YOUR TAXES PAY YOUR TAXES NO MATTER WHAT PAY YOUR TAXES. Except... to pay your taxes you have to have money. Having fictional virtual assets does not as of right now equate to money.


Again, I'm not arguing that it is not the law. That isn't part of anything I've said. But if you think the IRS is gonna nail someone who has $5 to their name because they've done $500k worth of trading of virtual currency and force that person to somehow pay taxes before they've actually cashed out what you're talking about is not mechanically sustainable. It just isn't possible. The law is irrelevant to that fact.
It WILL be taxed... when the person cashes out. And in society right now they have to cash out because a person cannot pay for everything in crypto. At least not yet. The main point here is that what you're talking about is SHOULD. What I'm talking about is COULD.
The IRS is a big resource intensive agency. But they do not have limitless resources and this problem is well and truly beyond them right now.
Edit: I want to reiterate because rereading your reply seems to give the impression that you think I am for tax evasion. I'm not. I think everyone should pay their taxes, taxes help society on the whole. However this whole system is simply not mechanically designed to allow the IRS to tax people who could potentially be making LOTS of money yet at the same time making none.
I guess the main point is that all the trades are taxable events, but the only one that truly matters in the grand scheme of things is when you cash out to fiat. Because that is the only taxable event that they CAN tax you on. And I'm not talking about law I'm not talking about what you should or shouldn't do I'm talking about what you can do. If you do not have the money to pay the taxes yet you have a lot of crypto they (as of right now) cannot force you to sell that crypto to pay them. The law simply isn't written to allow that YET. They could try using other provisions in the law but they'd likely be refused because not refusing would be essentially allowing the IRS to commit theft by forcing you to pay real value (as in taxable dollars) from no value (crytpocurrency) and yes I'm aware that cryptocurrency has value, but that value means nothing until it is sold. Hell in 5 years time you could have done 50m worth of trading and be sitting on a nice pile of 50m worth of crypto... then a quantum computer is released that breaks every single one of the cryptos value therefore making it worthless. The IRS would have a really hard time collecting if you don't have the money.
@_date: 2018-01-17 03:37:16
Sure it is. Blocks get mined roughly at the same rate no matter what as a result of it. Complaining about the other issues are largely unrelated to mining and thus unrelated to the Chinese pulling out.
Seems to me like you just wanted to push the "gotta increase block size!!!" rhetoric that the bcash people have been pushing. Except this has nothing to do with that. Yes it is a problem but the solution isn't to just raise the block size.  Bitcoin is never going to succeed as a payment system nor should it. That just isn't a good objective for bitcoin, not based on its original idea anyway. 
@_date: 2018-01-11 13:07:54
Anything that can hold value can be a currency. This is literally the backbone on which the entire market system was originally built. No, seriously. Look up bartering. Currency came later, but the definition of a currency is 
"Currency" is simply a means of simplifying the transaction of value. Bitcoin is a currency AND it is an asset. Those two things are not necessarily mutually exclusive. Suggesting that they are, or that somehow it is only an asset and cannot be a currency is to misunderstand the nature of value, assets and currency.
Edit: In fact they pretty much shot their own argument in the foot with this statement:


Bitcoin holds no intrinsic value. If you were to ask someone "What is the value of bitcoin?" they'd have to answer either nothing, or look up the current price to find the value. That value is fluctuating though, which makes it ALSO a potential speculative investment. In fact that is one of the primary things it has been utilized for. That itself makes it an asset.
Currency = Holds no intrinsic value.
Asset = Holds intrinsic value.
Bitcoin does not have intrinsic value. But people have given it intrinsic value through speculation and investing.
@_date: 2018-01-06 04:51:47
So... you are telling people to hurry up and get free money on an exchange without actually linking the exchange? Wut?
@_date: 2018-01-10 10:37:10
Even if he doesn't own it I imagine he is involved. When Bcash is involved, he seems to be involved.
It is entirely possible that they took it upon themselves to "decide" that the winds favored bcash, but honestly I suspect this is more of a strategic decision on their parts. Despite the notice they will still hook some noobs into buying bcash who were in reality trying to buy bitcoin.
In fact it will likely attract many noobs who see "bitcoin" trading at a low price and thinking "Hot damn I'm gonna be rich!" when in reality it is at a low price because it is Bcash not bitcoin.
At the end of the day Roger made it very clear that he was trying to take over bitcoin, this is just someone helping him along that path.
@_date: 2018-01-09 23:49:03
@_date: 2018-01-17 03:32:10
Gasp really? No way. I would have never known that thank you captain obvious. Didn't he also put up money? Or am I thinking of someone else?
Edit: Just did some googling and looks like I got him mixed up with someone else who had donated a large sum of money on it. My mistake.
@_date: 2018-01-09 06:10:36
Are we still using websites? Yes? Then the dot com bubble stopped being a bubble at some point. Internet startups are still a thing. It has just stabilized as the adoption/usage rate went up.
Cryptocurrency too will stabilize. Maybe at 100,000 maybe at 1,000,000 maybe at 1,000 who knows but conventional wisdom doesn't really apply here as there is nothing conventional about any of this. The very idea of bubbles is a part of conventional wisdom. Throw that shit out as it doesn't apply here.
Can it happen? Sure. But even if it happens it will not be the end of crypto and it will bounce back, likely in a more stabilized position. Given the way bitcoin is designed it is very likely that it will simply continue increasing in value. It has a lot of built-in pressure mechanisms to force that to be the case. People might resist it but the majority of cryptocurrencies work on free market principles which are dictated by supply and demand.
The only things that can really get in the way of it and put an end to it is collective government intervention. Good luck with that. People want control of their money or more accurately their value. If they have $500 they want to be assured that the $500 will continue to have either the same value it does now or more, not less. They want to retain control of that value. They don't want it removed from their proverbial pockets by the tax man. These are all basic use cases that are employed currently the world over in many other ways, crypto is just another option. It's an option with an adoption rate that can only go up and as it goes up it should in theory only make it more valuable not less valuable. Where does that end? Who knows, but it's a wild ride that people are going to continue on into the foreseeable future.
Eventually it will become so integrated into the various mechanics of the world around you that it becomes too big to fail. Disconnecting it would be like disconnecting the internet, or the power grid. Not gonna happen. So just enjoy the ride and the best advice I can give anyone, don't expect to become rich. Just have fun with it and if you make some money on the side... great, and if you're smart you won't be dumping money into it that you cannot afford to lose. I would say dump some in... hope for a return, then play with the profits off that return and put no more into it. Just work off the profits.
@_date: 2018-01-11 23:32:10
I am hoping that it was an intentional mashing between banker and gangster. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 04:51:38
Nah, I prefer option three. Insert witty and rhetorical comment about the selling of said article with words that have the opposite of the intended effect.
@_date: 2018-01-07 10:07:02
I didn't say that wasn't how it works, I said that isn't how it is supposed to work.
It is a matter of basic fraud, not even significant fraud. (millions) As far as what is supposed to happen between they are arrested and they stand try that should depend on the nature of the crime. In this case? It should NOT have resulted in the person being arrested in the fashion that happened. Especially not in the context of the person serving more than 24 hours in jail.
The fact that someone can lose their job, their car over such a stupid mistake is exactly what is wrong with the system as it stands right now.
@_date: 2018-01-07 17:11:39
So will the earth.
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:15:37
Thanks for the amazing writeup, I couldn't be bothered registering to get past the stupid 'free' paywall (e.g they get your information for the privilege of you reading the article, screw that)
Now onto the one thing that stuck out at me with this. The guy either doesn't understand a fundamental part of Bitcoin or I don't. One of us doesn't.


As I understand it and I've only been in the mining scene for a few weeks now is that the difficulty is tied to the available hash power. The protocol will naturally move towards an equilibrium to attain a roughly 10 minute block 'mining' rate. This is algorithmically built into the system. So his statement that the blocks will take longer to solve thus cripple the whole system is simply not true. Bitcoin will never have that happen. If it becomes not cost effective or there simply isn't enough 'power' available to mine... people will drop out. Primarily those who cannot afford it first, which is a significant portion. If that happens the difficulty will then decrease to enforce the 10 minute block mining. Which will then make it potentially profitable for those still engaging in it.
It literally does not matter what happens in terms of hash power and mining the system will always try to correct to allow for a 10 minute block mining. If say... 50% of the hash power dropped tomorrow for whatever reason... we'd get some time of really slow blocks, but then the difficulty would decrease dramatically which become extremely profitable for the miners still mining. Assuming the value didn't drop heavily, which is possible.
So the idea that Bitcoin mining can "break down" in that fashion simply is not correct. At least as I understand it. That is one of the things that encouraged me to get into mining, the beauty of the system is amazing in reality. It is essentially designed to be the ultimate 'free market' self-correcting system. If miners drop out, difficulty decreases making it more profitable for those still in and doesn't shock the system with a massive decrease in the supply. If a lot of miners join the pool the difficulty increases which reduces the amount every individual miner can get which keeps the supply there but keeps it steady.
The main issues boil down to power (And potentially the effects of running that many machines on say the climate) but these... like the very basis for mining itself are problems that need to be solved anyway. Power is no longer an optional thing in society. If we were to collectively cut off the worlds power supply... most humans would die. Power is just a needed part of life now. So we need to solve problems associated with power. Efficiency, pollution and heat generated by machines are also a problem that needs to be solved. Whether you believe in climate change/global warming or not isn't really relevant. These are problems that NEED to be solved one way or another. So for the bad mining is doing, it might also force us to confront the problems we've been neglecting to do so for the better part of a century despite knowing full well those problems exist.
@_date: 2018-01-14 10:46:53
Well at this point I can say with a degree of confidence that with market dynamics the more messed up things in the world get, the more bitcoin and cryptocurrencies in general will succeed.
Bitcoin reaching a million is not out of the realm of possibility in reality. Though might take awhile to get there lol.
@_date: 2018-01-17 08:03:39
Correlation does not imply causation.
Just because that might have held visibly true before does not mean it is in fact linked nor does it mean that it will persist into the future.
@_date: 2018-01-09 23:42:39
Did someone mention to them that isn't how technology works? Especially consensus based technology? And simply copying the code, forking it with a few short-term quality of life changes is not going to resolve the primary issues.
@_date: 2018-01-10 03:42:38
It's not about fake or real. It's about adhering to the vision of bitcoin. Everything I've read about them doing with Bitcoin cash seems aimed at short-term gain for a handful of people who were in on it than for the long term technological vision. All while using marketing, branding and quite frankly underhanded tactics to convince everyone that you're actually adhering to the original core vision and that your fork is the one true Bitcoin and that everyone should refer to the real Bitcoin as some off-brand/altcoin so that you can inflate and pump up the value of your fork to make even more money.
All of this is primarily driven by egotistical greedy assholes who have publicly engaged in very dubious behaviour to accomplish all of this. They're heavily using marketing and FUD to try to enrich themselves and really all of that goes against the core vision of Bitcoin. Bitcoin is not about that. It is literally designed the way it is for a reason and while the progress in adopting the additional scalability measures with bitcoin is slow I believe is the right way forward for the long term.
@_date: 2018-01-09 02:28:54
Bitcoin has a completely public ledger. So transactions can be traced.
What cannot be traced however is to whom the transactions belong. At least not without a 'third party' involvement. Ransomware does it because it gives each individual a specific wallet to transfer into. As anyone can create effectively as many wallets as they want it makes perfect sense to create a wallet in this instance.
So they create a wallet individual to your ransomware id which means that if the amount requested gets dropped into that address, they know it came from you because you're the only one with the address.
Another way for identifying people and effectively tracing them is through exchanges. Many exchanges require that the user identify themselves through documentation and potentially photo ID. Australia is one of those countries, they're very strict about it as well. Once identified any bitcoin that touches your exchange 'wallet' can be traced. If you aren't careful and say... dumped all of your bitcoin into wallet A then transferred a little bit from wallet A to wallet E for the exchange then say... a particularly tenacious IRS/ATO officer could fairly easily use a blockchain explorer to check your receiving wallet to see just how much money you've had in case you declared less for example. Say you declared that you had 1 btc and only 1 btc. But you dumped 20 into that wallet. They could very easily see that.
So yes, crypto is effectively anonymous, until you introduce a third party element which is where you can be "unmasked" basically.
@_date: 2018-01-12 01:49:34
Nope. Though I have never heard the term before either way. 
@_date: 2018-01-18 22:03:40
What the freaking hell is it with all these freaking youtube videos of people telling us shit? How hard is it to just put it in text form.
I am so sick of having to watch some idiot talk about something he thinks he's an expert in but clearly isn't just to get to some point that he (or she) is likely wrong about. A video is probably one of the least intuitive ways to actually convey meaningful information at this point. Especially when that video goes for 10+ minutes.
@_date: 2018-01-12 08:12:47
Okay no offense, I agree with you... but you're sounding extremely cultish when you use analogies like that.
I love bitcoin and I think Bcash is just a cheap trick to make a few people a lot of money. BUT... from a pure technological standpoint that argument is not an argument. It is an opinion. As far as the argument of Bcash falling towards centralization, I agree with that however we live in a post-fact world and those people choose to reject anything factual on that subject. So there is literally zero point arguing that point as you're not going to convince anyone that needs convincing on that part.
Saying it here is preaching to the choir, saying it in or other bcash communities will likely start a large and pointless if not rhetorical debate until you get subsequently banned.
As I said, I agree. But you seem to be taking it to cult-levels which is exactly what the Bcash shills use against us and why we seem like the unreasonable ones to the layman.
@_date: 2018-01-14 01:59:41
Good work you guys are doing. The fact that someone owns bitcoin.com and is using it to essentially try to take over/destroy bitcoin in favor of their own altcoin is pretty poor form.
@_date: 2018-01-16 11:54:50
Until people are willing to stake something tangible on their guesses I'm going to do exactly what I did before which is ignore them.
Though I do see the logic behind why and how that would happen, at the end of the day these people are just guessing. When you have tons of people guessing, some of them are bound to be right statistically speaking.
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:06:20
Because regardless of what they do we can rise above it.
@_date: 2017-12-23 07:17:44
You can't, not legally anyway. Australian law requires that exchanges check and validate ID. Many would do it anyway for their own interests but now it is apparently Australian law.
@_date: 2018-01-11 13:05:33
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
@_date: 2017-12-20 04:02:20
Where humans exist there will be politics. Where politics exist you will be called a shill by "the other side". It is the way of life.
Just avoid all humans and you solve the problem.
@_date: 2017-12-20 12:55:17
Cool story bro.
@_date: 2017-12-31 05:10:46
So that totally means we're ready for blastoff right? /s
@_date: 2017-12-30 23:05:19
You shouldn't be making decisions off other people's "isms". Very few people who have either optimism or pessimism are experts, therefore if you are making decisions based off of their statements you are not making educated decisions. Educated decisions requires actual research and information gathering. Relying on the opinions of others (And lets be real that is what it is, opinion) is not research and information gathering. It's actually deferring said function to the aforementioned others.
That is really unwise. You don't know these people from a bar of soap so why would you trust them to have done their due diligence to gather the information that you yourself are clearly unwilling to gather given your reliance on their opinions. Unless you're one of those people who is willing to trust random people on the street for sage financial advice, in which case... you do you.
@_date: 2017-12-29 04:47:10
I use them too and my suggestion would be to wait and be patient. It will almost certainly be sorted, it might have been a mistake on their end. Certainly nothing I can see shows intent or knowledge of said thievery.
You should never assume malice or intent without evidence, and the evidence you've shown shows neither.
@_date: 2017-12-21 02:50:23
Cause soooo many great things come from "it's unethical, but lawful" lol
@_date: 2017-12-20 04:15:41
Umm who knew that doing dodgy things would make you look dodgy!? I mean... shocking isn't it?
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:36:13
@_date: 2017-12-23 22:20:04
Not entirely accurate with regards to the quantum computing.
Once quantum computing gets to the point where it can crunch through modern day encryption with ease it will be used to create more sophisticated encryption that makes even quantum computing impossible to use for breaking. Encryption is an arms race, and when the tech to defeat it exists... so too does the tech to improve it.
Edit: I should note that this is in theory a never-ending arms race. Tech is improving on both sides. The attackers and defenders. And no tech will be 100% secure indefinitely. That is impossible. All that matters is being able to keep improving your encryption technology faster than the encryption breakers can improve theirs. So to speak.
@_date: 2017-12-20 04:00:04
Market manipulation that's what is happening. It was kind of inevitable once it hit mainstream and started getting traded in major REAL markets.
Crypto is still unregulated for the most part, but being tied to very regulated and controlled markets it is as simple as market manipulation that cannot be done on regulated markets.
It'll die down here as well once mainstream works out how that stuff happens. We'll likely lose a sizable chunk of mainstream that don't have the mindset or confidence, but that is a good thing anyway.
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:21:10
You know how a bunch of people were saying BTC could hit 100k in 2018? Yeah... those people. They're people who understand how this shit works.
You know the number flying around about 52 out of 53 economists say bitcoin is a bubble and will burst?
Lets break that down. Economists who do not like volatility think it is a bubble. These are the same people who 2-5 years ago saying bitcoin was a joke and would never be worth anything and anyone investing in it was a fool. These people were wrong.
Now the people saying it could hit 100k in 2018 and in the next 5-10 years could hit a million, these are people who have accurately predicted past increases.
This is just math at the end of the day. The elements that we can control have proven mathematically to be very well tied in with the value. For the value to inherently decrease without possibility of recovery would simply not make sense without the entire collapse of the crypto market.
As much as some people think "Oh litecoin or ether or bch will take over" that is simply not true. Litecoin is the everyday currency of bitcoin. They're very closely tied together without actually being tied together. They work very well together and are not competitors. Ether is a different beast entirely intended for different purposes. Bitcoin cash... the subject of todays current crazy is a FORK. It is literally bitcoin... with another name. It purports itself to solve many major problems of Bitcoin when in reality it doesn't. It solves one problem and that problem actually exacerbates other problems (I won't get into that though) so at the end of the day crypto has established itself as an asset. Assets with value. That value *cannot* be removed because that isn't how economics work. To do that you'd have to have a concentrated effort by basically everyone to kill it. This is all backed up with math by the way. The numbers do not lie. The people can cause the value to decrease or increase to a degree but the math itself is somewhat self-correcting.
At the end of the day the best thing you can do is nothing. Don't react. Don't sell, don't buy. Just do nothing. Sit on it. It is an asset. It may be worth less now than it was when you bought it but who knows what it will be worth in 3-6 months. If the "bubble" had burst, btc would be worth ~8k right now. That hasn't happened. So no, the bubble hasn't burst at all. There is just some large scale manipulation happening but it will pass.
Oh and another method crypto could be killed by is if the actual cryptography itself gets cracked by quantum computing. But we're no where near that point and the beauty of it is that if quantum computers hit mainstream with the ability to break crypto, someone would use the tech to then make unbreakable crypto. Cryptography is a technological arms race. Probably always will be.
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:47:21
As I said in another post.
There are two logical positions.
One that it is very much an attack. Politically and financially motivated to bolster BCH and subsequently hurt BTC as part of a zero sum game.
And two it isn't so much an attack as it holds great legitimacy in the arguments of issues facing BTC technically speaking.
These two are not mutually exclusive either, both are happening and being muddied together especially by critics and opponents of BTC in favor of BCH. They are very much trying to game the system in their favor which is what makes it an attack.
That being said, most who are suggesting that it is an attack are discounting or ignoring the technical issues in play. They're simply trying to call out the people who are pretending they're just looking out for the people by solving technical issues when in reality they're just trying to play the zero sum game and profit by pushing BCH over BTC.
@_date: 2017-12-22 15:01:32
Merry Christmas to the ground! Sorry had to. It was too good to pass up. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 23:31:06
While it does certainly get cultish at times, the OP isn't entirely incorrect.
I've been watching the media lately and there are two main points of 'attack'.
One is the completely legitimate scalability issue and general performance issues with bitcoin, especially as a currency. Those are 100% legitimate and deserve both to be heard and to have their merits examined in depth.
However the second is very much being driven in kind of a quasi-political way with the express purpose of trying to devalue and hurt bitcoin in favor of other crypto-currencies. This is especially visible with regards to Bitcoin-cash. This is political and it is very much an attack. When you have two sides of an "argument" that is fine. That's 100% legitimate. As per point one. However when the basis of that argument is more about seeing one side be more financially successful than the other side in a zero sum game then you're talking about something else entirely. That's not really an argument. That has no merit and those are most certainly attacks that are on the rise. Especially with some of the members pushing this nonsense getting their faces in front of cameras and on news articles to spell the doom of bitcoin! Oh P.S BUY bitcoin-cash! these people are no longer arguing the merits of bitcoin, maybe that sparked their initial points but now it is about enriching themselves at the expense of bitcoin.
Either way there are certainly good discussions and arguments to have, but it has to be away from the valuation aspect. As soon as the valuation comes into the argument it loses all merit because then the people are basically arguing to enrich themselves or to keep the value of their assets. (also enriching themselves)
At that point it's no longer about the issues, the issues that need to be solved. It's about money pure and simple.
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:12:42
Finding them is easy. Finding who they went to is a lot harder.
You can see the transfer and say "Yup... this is stolen bitcoin alright" Then what? Call the cops? Well what are the cops going to do about it? They can't find the identity of the person either.
Now the only real way around that is the middleman aspect, which is where the exchanges come in. The exchanges could (and in some countries have to) track stolen funds back to their source as soon as the person used an exchange to convert it into fiat or another currency but going down that road would be fundamentally changing how cryptocurrency is intended to work.
So yeah, it's kind of a complex problem without a particularly elegant solution.
@_date: 2017-12-09 04:02:42
I like this. Logical and well informed. Good job.
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:45:40
Yes you can but the profitability is very dependent on factors outside your control and I'd suggest you do some serious research before jumping into it.
@_date: 2017-12-15 08:28:35
It's not a scam.
Definition of scam
: a fraudulent or deceptive act or operation an insurance scam
What is deceptive? The price is clearly visible. You clearly do not have to sell or buy at any price they put. It would be like if I put a shirt up on ebay for $500 but there were 20 others for $400. That's not a scam. It's my choice to put it up at a price outside that of the price of others.
This is the nature of the free market. They're free to charge what they want and you're free to give them the finger for it.
@_date: 2017-12-29 05:33:07
Someone manually entered the same ID? I don't see evidence of that. For all we know the system didn't register the transaction going through and automatically tried to repeat it.
You are making assumptions here, assumptions of a guilty nature and I think you really should simply wait until you've gotten more information before jumping to that conclusion. Bitcoin is inherently risky and with the problems it has been having lately I wouldn't be too terribly surprised if exchanges were struggling.
Nothing you've shown shows beyond a shadow of a doubt that they did what you claimed they did. I doubt it because quite frankly it doesn't make any sense and until we know more we're just guessing.
Edit: Look, it's obvious you're upset and you feel like they've stolen from you. But you are jumping to conclusions and the best course of action is to just wait until they can address it properly. I put in a support request and it took two weeks for them to get back to me so clearly they are under a fair workload.
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:05:28
Looks like shit, smells like shit. It's probably shit.
@_date: 2017-12-29 05:05:23
Umm if you have proof of that please share it. Thus far nothing you've shared is proof of that.
I'm not trying to defend them either, I'm just stating the facts. Coming out with allegations like this is pretty poor form unless you are prepared to lay out all your evidence.
@_date: 2017-12-31 00:34:24
I wonder if this person knows that they can co-exist. It doesn't have to be one or the other.
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:39:52
BCH cash would be a great alternative... if like 95+% of bitcoin users adopted it.
But that isn't likely to happen and once that fact is reflected upon, bitcoin-cash will end up relegated to just another 'litecoin' except...worse because litecoin was actually built by people who care about the technology, the idea and the people behind it. The people behind Bitcoin-cash are egomaniacs that see this as a zero sum game where only the best crypto can win and they want it to be theirs... and not because it is the better tech but because they stand to make a killing out of it.
@_date: 2017-12-29 04:43:35
All I can say is lol.
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:15:03
Where do I buy this Toyota Vehicle? That sounds like a substantial upgrade that I must have!
@_date: 2017-12-25 02:35:30
They're right. But the exact same thing could be said for every coin or note that exists as well.
The value in everything is the value someone is willing to place in it. I have a ring that is worth $3000 to me, that is literally what I paid for it. It might be worth $200 to someone else, or worth $15000 to someone. Currency exists as a means of simplifying the process so we don't have to barter thing for thing.
No currency has any intrinsic value. It used to only have value because it was backed by something physical like gold, that stopped being the case like 40 years ago.
@_date: 2017-12-21 08:22:16
Because wealth is often viewed by certain people as a 'score card' in life and when you couple that with 'win by any means necessary' it doesn't matter how you add to that number as long as you add to the number.
Thus is the nature of greed.
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:51:16
And ultimately that might be its downfall. Just how bad it stinks. There have been a lot of shills for bitcoin over the years... but never have so many shills all been concentrated in such a small amount of time as they have been for BCH and on such dubious terms.
@_date: 2017-12-23 22:17:24
It's not stupid, it's a perfectly reasonable question.
If they have it encrypted yes, if you cannot actually get their password absolutely. At least until quantum tech can start crunching current encryption with ease. (We're not there yet) then perhaps there will be the ability to crack older encryption to be accessed. But then there are legal issues to go into.
But yes this is in theory going to be a problem no matter how you slice it. Not just with people dying, but with hardware wallets being lost with hundreds, thousands of bitcoins on them.
Even when we get to the btc cap assuming we humans last that long there will never actually be 21 million in circulation or even held onto because so many will have been lost through oopsies. Death less so assuming the actual data itself or physical wallet is retained.
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:50:14
A ledger does not require identifiable information. It just has to have a record of the transaction. So ledger is a perfectly accurate term to use here.
@_date: 2017-12-20 07:28:49
Well we are all working upside down ya know :P
@_date: 2017-12-29 12:13:17
I do believe that's a good time to invest in a fiddle.
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:30:55
lol @ outdated technology.
I agree with the high fees. I'm on board with you there. Long transaction processing, okay you're right there.
But... you completely lost me at high volatility. Coming from a crypto that has jumped up how much in the space of 48 hours? You know what the word volatility means right?
Also back to the point of old technology. Bitcoin Cash *IS* bitcoin. It literally uses the same technology for the most part. It has a few minor quality of life changes but beyond that it is exactly the same thing. That is the nature of a fork. So lets not pretend it isn't the same thing shall we?
@_date: 2018-02-02 23:11:42
No you only have a loss if you sell. If you don't sell and it goes up to 50k you cannot say "well I had a loss now I have a gain" because you have neither until you sell.
Which is the underlying point that I am making. Until you sell your losses or gains are not realised and if you consider the reasoning behind the decision to get in then the only time you should sell is if you need the money not to cut losses. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 09:27:49
No one is referring to whether a decision is natural or not. If you bought in to invest in the technology, you hold. If you bought in to make money, you hold.
There is no scenario outside of the one I outlined (Where you need the money) that makes sense to sell. It just makes no sense. Unless of course you like throwing away money. We're not talking about feelings, we're talking about logic. Whichever logic you employed to jump in selling when you're down is illogical. There are people who bough when it hit 1200 then dropped down.
If you need the money then absolutely sell. But if you don't then why sell? What's the point? As I said, if you got into it for the tech you're making a mistake selling. If you got into it for the money, you're making a mistake selling. At what point is it not a mistake? 
The only way I can see it not being a mistake is if bitcoin crashes and NEVER recovers. The chances of that happening are fairly slim in all reality.
@_date: 2018-02-02 09:29:58
That question presupposes that you have to sell. That something is compelling you to sell. If that is in fact the case then by all means sell, but if it isn't then you should not sell.
If you feel that you HAVE to sell then go for it. No one is stopping you nor is anyones input necessary or even helpful in that decision making process.
@_date: 2018-02-02 07:08:39
My logic is simple logic. Never sell at a loss. Unless you are in desperate need of the money you will get for having sold, don't sell. Simple as that.
If it drops to 1k still do not sell. Because selling at such a loss is literally throwing money away. Sit on it for a year if you have to, two years if you have to. If it never recovers then you might kick yourself but you will likely kick yourself a lot more if you sell at a loss then it shoots back up and you missed the boat when it does because you sold.
Or you can sell now to lock in your losses then if it goes down more buy some more, but you're gonna regret it if it goes the other way.
@_date: 2018-02-03 07:44:01
Or perhaps I don't think it is particularly relevant in this situation? Due to the nature and volatility of crypto. 
@_date: 2018-02-10 22:40:04
I absolutely would download a terrorist. Who is more dedicated than someone willing to blow themselves up!? No one that's who. Sure they might kill me in my sleep but hell my car might kill me every time I drive it. Life is risk. 
@_date: 2018-02-09 05:41:27
BCash cannot fail in the same way that Bitcoin cannot fail. That is the basic design of the system. As long as people are using it, it will not fail.
That does not however make it a success. A success in their eyes would be for them to overtake or assimilate Bitcoin, that is ultimately his (their) goal. For BCash to become Bitcoin and thus for everyone who utilizes "Bitcoin" to be utilizing BCash. Lets not play games with what is happening (Not accusing you specifically) they want to con people into thinking that BCash is in fact Bitcoin, so people who don't know much about Crypto literally think that Bcash is in fact THE Bitcoin. The one they want to get into. They use all sorts of ridiculous arguments that fall flat even on a technical level to try to justify their coin as "the one true bitcoin".
Thus far their ultimate goals have failed, and will likely continue to fail in the future as Bitcoin overcomes the problems that by their own admission are the reason for the existence of Bcash. When their coin becomes redundant because each of the problems are solved by Bitcoin then the chances of them ever taking over and meeting their goals will be reduced to nearly nothing.