@_author: mannequinhandandcoti
@_date: 2016-08-23 21:39:19
are you saying all seeds on earth are protected by an international copyright?
@_date: 2016-08-26 18:58:28
Our disagreement originally stems from you saying GMO labelling is ambiguous and useless. I have demonstrated at the least that their is CONCERN over both health impacts, economical impacts, and ethical questions surrounding the production of these crops that I as a consumer should be able decide for myself whether to support the system. You disagree.


so you are saying their are glyphosate-herbicides specifically registered and labeled for in-crop use on the applicable crop that is not sold by the seed/chemical company? Show me. Show me an authorized (by monsanto) non-selective herbicide.


AUTHORIZED. By the people who directly profit from the sale of said pesticide. I bet the list is long and easy to acquire! 


[A coalition of farmers recently sued for a preemptive judgement for when this happens and lost.](


You used the patent expiring as some sort of false equivalency that that specific patent expiring meant farmers no longer had to purchase a pesticide matched to their specific GMO seed. 


I didn't say i wanted a label for seed-reuse, i wanted a label for GMO. 


you still have not answered the question. Are you saying that I should not have the right as a consumer to know whether the products I purchase come from a sustainable agricultural system of seed-saving that has lasted 12,000 years? 




Nope, just said that GMO farmers have signed contracts that do not allow them to save seeds, at their expense and the enrichment of chemical multinationals. 








I never said "seed patenting is in decline" I said I'd like to have an alternative to this complete economic model for our food system, of which seed patenting is a (small) part. 










My argument is at the top of my comment if you need a refresher ^^^. 




Why do you keep saying 'i can see what you said'? We can both see everything the other person has said, and everything the other person has edited in after the fact. 






















It is not required where I live to label GMO-free food, GMO food, or any other GMO labelling. 




I don't play football. 
@_date: 2016-08-23 23:31:51
the vast majority of commercial crops in the USA are (80+%). You are saying I should not be able to choose between the two. 
Are you saying that I should not have the right as a consumer to know whether the products I purchase come from a sustainable agricultural system of seed-saving that has lasted 12,000 years or from a new system of seed-patenting which has lasted ~20 years and is already in decline, not to mention the myriad of economic critiques and peer-reviewed scientific health critiques? 
Whether something was harvested on a tuesday or not is meaningless information to me, and I disagree with you equating the that label and the gmo (or non-gmo label) in usefulness to the consumer. 
@_date: 2016-08-17 07:16:33
Just fyi being in favor of gmo food labeling is different then opposing gmo food. Who isn't in favor of correct labelling? 
@_date: 2016-08-24 22:48:10




I consider inserting a useless middleman into the lifecycle of a plant is a GREAT economic policy if you are business, poor policy if you are a farmer. 
Getting a farmer to sign contracts stating that he will buy GMO crops, buy the patented pestisides for said crops, and rebuy the patented crops the next year and then raising the price of the seed minimizes any savings that a farmer would gain through purchasing less pesticide. 


[link to purchase](




I am not blaming GMO's for anything, just saying I think as a consumer I should be allowed to know whether I am buying them for both economic, health, and ethical reasons. 


I said declining. 


which point of mine does this source refute? Because you said "all crops are patented" and the second paragraph of this source says that replanting old seeds is viable and old seeds perform similarly to patented, with the exception of hybrid corn (and some unnamed others). 
The conclusion of your source says that GMO seeds don't need to be removed from the marketplace. I'm not saying that GMO seeds must be removed from the marketplace, just that farmers should be able to decide and I as a consumer should be able to decide. Which is why they should be labelled. 
@_date: 2016-08-23 19:35:38
sure but a pretty ambiguous one 
@_date: 2016-08-24 17:31:21
knowing whether it is a gmo lets me know whether i should support the economic model that gmo's operate under, ie selling a farmer seeds that use less pesticide, selling them the only pesticide that works with the seeds, then raising the price of said seeds and suing them into bankruptcy if they reuse old seeds. Replaces an agriculture model that has worked for 12,000 years with renting the concept of the natural lifecycle of a plant which I am pretty sure nobody that is trying to patent it had any part in creating. 
yes, but some do. Some also probably don't use hybrids. I say let the farmer decide, you are saying... since most do it all should do it, and those that do not comply should be sued. 
non-diversified gmo companies stock price used to be up here and are now down here.
top of this comment ^ is an economic critique you can respond too. 
no, not research performed by Seralini. 
Feel free to start sourcing if you want me to start sourcing. You can start with ["all crops are patented"]( and go from there. 
@_date: 2016-08-23 21:28:33
what if someone would like to not buy GMO food for reasons beyond "is this as safe as non-gmo food to eat"? 
Isn't willfully withholding pertinent information from someone trying to make a decision the same as making the decision for them? 
I have some steaks to sell you, they might actually be pork or some of my toenail clippings but as someone against forced labeling on principle I am sure you'll make the right call. 
@_date: 2016-08-17 17:27:48
[here is libertarian presidental candidate and big free market capitalism fan gary johnson advocating labeling GMO's]( if gmo's are so safe it should be a really short moratorium. 
I give your reply a 'C' for truthfulness, a 'D' for logic, and an 'F' for brevity, unfortunately that is not a passing grade. 
@_date: 2016-08-27 14:12:57
or any large world economy really. Dollar, euro, or yuan would all work. The collapse of the ruble will apparently not work.  
@_date: 2016-08-25 22:28:12


[farmer signed contracts source. ]( matched pesticide source (scroll to 4. grower agrees point r)]( [rebuy patented seed source]( . [raising price source]( 
Sorry these sources are not arranged in a GIF-heavy listicle for you. 


No I don't. You used the patent expiring as some sort of false equivalency that that specific patent expiring meant farmers no longer had to purchase a pesticide matched to their specific GMO seed. Which you can see is not true from source  above. 


Yes. I also realize you still haven't answered that question. 


a synonym is a similar word, not the same word. "Forest" and "Pulp" are two synonyms of "Tree" but there is a significant difference between the two. If I purchased a TREE on amazon.com (HA) and PULP was delivered, those would not be equivalent. 




What mistake did I make? I don't really understand what you are trying to say in this paragraph. And you have yet to source "All Seeds are Patented" instead of "their is a variety of each seed which has a patent" (which is what your source said) there is a difference. I think that particular fallacy is commonly referred to as "dicto simpliciter" or "sweeping generalization" 


How am I as a consumer going to decide not to buy non-gmo if it is not labelled? 
@_date: 2016-08-23 21:21:05
"was this harvested on a tuesday" has 52 different answers for this calendar year alone (making it pretty ambiguous), "is the seed that i just ate protected by a multinational copyright" has one answer (making it not ambiguous). 