@_author: mannikia
@_date: 2013-11-05 18:29:40
PDshotME - I can see where you're coming from. I like you am by no means an expert, although I've been playing around with computers for 15+ years - and I feel like I know less than ever. I guess that's why I love tech - it is always changing. There a lot of good people out there who are willing to help others, and there are the not so nice folks who want to do bad things. That's pretty much the world. Also what I think you're seeing here is just a healthy debate about how to protect one's cryptocurrency. I think one thing everyone agrees upon is that cyptocurrency brings freedom, and with freedom, we have the *choice* how to protect our own assets. I think the folks here have spurred my ass to get better offline security. I've been meaning to, but I know better. So thanks all for the kick in the ass on this thread ;) Regardless, I sure would prefer choice -- sure beats being 'protected' xyz bank or some payment service and having to conform and pay for their standards. The USA is not very happy about bitcoins either, it scares them, and I find it increasingly difficult to trust a government that doesn't trust its citizens, and much less the rest of the world who are their allies. Regardless,  I think that's worth the challenge with learning about bitcoins. I think liquidify below does a great job at highlighting why its worth spending some time learning about this truly exciting 'somewhat' new, but nevertheless it is a revolution, a huge paradigm shift that is truly changing and will change the way the world uses currency. While bitcoins are slowly shedding the reputation of being only used by criminals and the like; the fact that after silkroad, bitcoins surged was a huge testament to bitcoins  legitimacy. I did a lot of research recently, as I too am a neophyte to this stuff, especially on mining, and maybe its cost prohibitive to mine BTC, but doesn't mean that's the only way to get involved with them or other cyptocurrencies (e.g. LTCs, and many more are less known but equally as interesting). Anyways 4WIW, I enjoy having the opportunity to be a part of this massive shift, in my own small way. Hang in there - seriously, take it a little bit at a time, and it will get clearer. You sound sharp, so don't get discouraged. Take care.  