@_author: manonlescaut1
@_date: 2018-01-28 09:55:19
You got some information wrong.
NEMs protocol has been working as it supposed to. There was no change. 
What was done: A NEM community-member created a non-transferable mosaic (it is an asset on NEM Blockchain like ERC20 on Ethereum)  and send it to the ACCOUNT ( not the stolen XEM itself) of the hacker. 
So if the hacker deposits this stolen XEM from the marked account to an exchange the exchange would see that this is a "hacker account" as it holds the non-transferable mosaic. 
This a one of the hacker-account, check the mosaic:
Everybody can create Mosaics like this. It's not a change of the Blockchain from inside or something similar!
Bear in mind, it is only a "Mosaic". The receiver of XEM from this account has to decide for himself if he accepts or not accepts the Xem. The sended XEM are not "illegal" or banned  by default.
It just a mark
@_date: 2018-01-28 14:23:37
Valid point. In this scenario all accounts which receive funds from the hacker would get "tainted" with a mosaic for the present. Here is where the NEM-Foundation is working on options at the moment. One Starting-OPTION would be to remove the mark from "active" accounts. So only accounts with no transactions-history in the past would be left marked. 
Options like that of course don't solve the problem completely but it increases the probabilities to catch the hacker and they are being further developed. 
Regarding "keeping up with the hacker moves": Most of it would be done by bots of course.
@_date: 2017-12-10 08:27:05
I am not fuckin' leaving!
@_date: 2017-06-23 23:00:32
Hi, I started recently to steem where I will explain key-features of Cryptocurrencies in general. Wanna provide some easy to understand articles for more the "mainstream"-audience, for a better understanding of the features in Cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Steem. Being completely new to crypto, might scare some people in the beginning, as they are immediately confronted with keywords like "cryptography", "hash-function", "Hard Fork" "UASF". Many of us never heard of any of these things before. This information-asymmetry slows the speed of adoption. The more people understand some keyfeatures in Cryptos, they will be more confident start using it by themselfes.
Would apprciate your feedback and support.