@_author: manufoy
@_date: 2018-08-02 10:19:54


What do you mean? What the 'dollar' is, is subjective. We never had any issue with that. 
@_date: 2018-08-02 06:24:21


This entire comment is you trying to justify why you oppose them. Yet you say they aren't an opponent. Brilliant.


What 'Bitcoin' is, is subjective. If some people go by a standard of which they would define Bitcoin Cash as 'bitcoin', then I do not see any issue with that.


If someone sends an amount to a standard bitcoin address, regardless of which chain they are using, the amount can be recovered using the same private key.
Also, most Bitcoin Cash wallets use the CashAddr format, which removes any ambiguity. In addition to that, Bitcoin Cash wallets will have a warning appear to users when a standard bitcoin address is entered. 


From where? What kinda business do you run?


It's a poster telling people they can receive free Bitcoin Cash. This has no negative impact on you. 


Again, what Bitcoin is, is subjective. If some people go by a standard of which they would define Bitcoin Cash as 'bitcoin', then I do not care in the slightest. 
But you seem to have some severe issue that. 


There are a couple reasons why we will not see supporters of the BTC fork tearing down Litecoin posters. Firstly, there isn't any Litecoin posters anywhere. No one cares about Litecoin. Also, Litecoin and the BTC fork of Bitcoin contain a similar alignment in terms of ideology. Both are in favour of off-chain and second layer 'solutions', as opposed to raising the block size. 
@_date: 2018-05-12 04:23:04


Get back to me when you're governments securities and investments commission actually says something. Otherwise, don't make up bullshit. 
@_date: 2018-05-09 11:30:12
Some exchanges use "BCC" as a ticker when trading BCH.
@_date: 2018-05-14 23:55:46
In addition, if the laws did change, businesses would adapt to these changes, as doing so is within their best interest. If doing something as easy as changing three letters were all they needed to change to comply with the law, then they would almost certainly do so. But as I have been saying, there's no set standard for ticker symbols, and there's no law requiring any specific ticker symbols in the trading of cryptocurrency. 
*And with both of these things in mind, why must you even mention an authority like SEC?* Using the same line of reasoning, I could say SEC may completely vanish in the future and be replaced with a different entity. But saying such a thing is absolute nonsense. But that's the line of reasoning you use. It's completely besides the point. You are currently using the phrase *"Laws can change."* to justify an expectation of businesses following laws that don't exist at all. Do you not see how absurd such a notion is? 
@_date: 2018-05-10 07:15:58
But it's basically the exchanges that choose the tickers anyway. The way I see it, it doesn't really matter what they choose to use as a ticker.  
@_date: 2018-05-15 07:02:24
Except the subway system wouldn't remain decentralised forever. Individual people and their computers wouldn't be able to keep track with every bit of rail laid across the network. So the train system will naturally centralise into stations, where people pay for a ticket to enter. 
@_date: 2018-05-14 06:17:02
But these entities, many of which aren't related to the U.S anyway, will remain unpunished, as they have not violated any laws. The screenshot I have provided is from a business which operates in the country I'm in. They fully comply with all laws here, and if they didn't, now is the time it would be exposed, as the nation is currently holding a massive investigation into financial institutions. When these businesses fully abide by the laws, why would you even need to mention an authority like SEC?
@_date: 2018-05-12 02:45:34
Again. Provide some form of justification. As long as it's made clear to people what they are buying. Again, it's not fraud if people know what they are buying. Why must you get so emotional over this? There's no actual set standard for exchanges use. They are businesses that are free to put whatever letters they want there, for all I care. It doesn't matter. Why should it actually matter. Why should provide an emotional response and resort to name calling because of what some businesses choose to tac on as a ticker symbol, when there's no actual standard to which ticker symbols they should use?
Also, why must you even mention the ISO standards when the ticker symbols you personally use to refer to cryptocurrencies violate the current ISO standard for currency codes? 
And answer me this, *why* should it matter what ticker is used when it's made explicitly clear to the user what they are buying?
@_date: 2018-05-17 22:22:01
Refusing to provide any argument whatsoever on with an accusation of trolling is an ad-hom.
@_date: 2018-05-12 04:17:39


No, it's more comparable to having children with the same beginning letters in the name, so they have the same initials. 


Yes. It is. If someone see's the phrase "Bitcoin Cash" next to the ticker symbol of "BCC", how is it not made explicitly clear? What they are buying is clearly displayed on the screen in text.  
@_date: 2018-05-17 09:43:36


So, everyone who disagrees with you is a troll?
@_date: 2018-05-15 23:21:00
Why wouldn't they? The only justification you provided is that 'laws can change', which is absolute nonsense. Of course laws *can* change, but you have yet to highlight why they would change. Which, frankly, I don't see a reason why they would. Especially when there is no set standards for what ticker symbols should be used for crypto. 
@_date: 2018-05-16 21:11:49
It will not remain static forever, it will centralise into hubs. 
If you believe that the Lightning Network will come up with a decentralised, trustless, and useable routing solution where the internet itself has failed to in its many years of existence, you're really naive. 
@_date: 2018-05-15 01:00:00
Right. So it's just childish name-calling coming from you.
@_date: 2018-05-17 09:41:34
If the blockchain wasn't decentralised and permissionless, it would be a terrible idea to have the payment method you use built on top of that. On other words, if on-chain transactions don't work, there's no way you could get off-chain to work. The only thing with the lightning network is that there's no actual way to have routing function in a way which is both decentralised and scalable.
So, how are you meant to be able to trust any lightning network transaction if you cannot trust the blockchain it is built on top on?
The blockchian is permissionless, you don't need to ask anyone's permission in order to have a miner validate a transaction. 
The Lightning network isn't permissionless, the network relies on third parties routing a transaction through your node. 
So, address the actual problems with the Lightning Network:
1. The routing problem - How would transactions be able to be routed by individuals from one address to another across the network?
2. Permissionlessness - How can we ensure a parties' permission isn't required in order to make a transaction?
3. Centralisation - How do you actually stop the network from being controlled by few financial institutions who require each user of their network to provide identification?
@_date: 2018-05-13 02:45:39


How many people were actually mislead by Rodger Ver. I'm not justifying what he had done, but it doesn't appear to be an effort to mislead people. In fact, during that time period Bitcoin.com labelled Bitcoin Cash as "Bitcoin", it was next to the BCH ticker symbol, which you yourself agreed. 


There is no 'wrong type of address' in Bitcoin Cash. There is an address type which is specific to Bitcoin Cash can help clear ambiguity. But what you're saying here just doesn't seem to make sense. 


Except in the example I'm providing, it's not any 'crowd' which is using BCC has a ticker, but exchanges themselves. 
Also, if checking if a ticker symbol isn't already in use is an issue, couldn't some people just generate an ERC20 token for every possible three or letter combination in an effort to shut out people from using any three letter ticker symbol. 
@_date: 2018-05-14 13:27:47
If you try to send BTC units to a Bitcoin Cash address, you won't be able to do so, that is the point, to prevent ambiguity. If you send BCH from to a Bitcoin address, the recipient will be able to access the funds using the same private key. Saying there's no 'wrong type of address' in Bitcoin Cash is entirely accurate, as either address type could be used in Bitcoin Cash.
@_date: 2018-05-15 07:19:27
No. You wouldn't make a cent. Even if by pure luck your computer managed solve the last block, the block you send out may not be accepted.
@_date: 2018-05-13 02:09:01
Here's a screenshot of what I'm describing 
I never once had to resort to strawmanning.
The person here who has made the fallacious argument is you, with your appeal the authority. But the authority you are appealing to hasn't even said a word on the subject. So bring up SEC is just a moot point.  
@_date: 2018-05-14 23:39:41


No. I did not say that at all. Nothing I said merely suggests that. I was talking specifically about address formats. 
@_date: 2018-05-16 01:53:01
People who use the TOR network don't need to keep track of every other person on the network and their capability of routing a connection, and where they can route a connection to at any given time. On the TOR network, an entry node, a relay node, and a exit node could just be picked out and it would just work. That's not how the Lightning Network would function. In order for a Lightning Network transaction to work, every single node you route transactions through would have to hold enough funds on the correct side of the channel in order to have a transaction routed to someone who you don't currently hold an open channel with, which contains enough funds on your end. As a result, an individual will need to keep track of the entire network, including every node, every open channel each node has, and how much funds are on each side of each open channel. To use this to route paths is extremely complicated. And your computer will have to keep track of all of these to route a connection, as multiple transactions are happening each second. This is simply not practical for operation on a large scale, but that is how the Lightning Network functions. This would be like expecting people's personal computers to solve a complex travelling salesman problem in order to send funds from one place to another, as the roads change every single second. It's simply not practical, and it would become less and less practical as the network continues to scale. That's why the Lightning Network could only really function if the network centralised into hubs, because there's no way the individuals could keep track of the entire network when operating on a large scale, simply because of how routing works. The Lightning Network just doesn't at all compare to a Network like TOR, or the internet itself for that matter. As the very internet itself is *not* a trustless network. It relies on the Border Gateway Protocol which relies on trusting the Autonomous Systems and ISPs which run the internet. The very internet, in it's many years of existence hasn't developed a trustless routing protocol which would work on a large scale, so the idea that Lightning Network will be able to function on a large scale and remain decentralised is just laughable. 
@_date: 2018-05-11 01:40:09
I wouldn't say so. If at the original fork which caused the two cryptocurrencies a large number exchanges decided to trade 'Cash' fork under the ticker of 'BTC' and the fork with the one 1MB block being traded under a different ticker, I don't think there would be a problem. As long as people know what they are buying. 
However, that's not even the case. This is an apples and oranges comparison you're making. You stated that exchanged shouldn't use the BCC ticker to trade Bitcoin Cash, when ultimately I see that as a complete non-issue. Again, as long as people know what they are buying, the ticker ultimately doesn't matter. 
@_date: 2018-05-11 04:19:21
I repeat, as long as it's made clear what is being sold, the ticker symbol doesn't matter. It's not fraud if it's being made explicitly clear what's being sold. 
If an exchange is explicitly telling you they are selling Bitcoin Cash, but use the ticker BCC, you still know you're buying Bitcoin Cash. But if the exchange were to try to sell you Bitconnect instead while displaying it being sold as "Bitcoin Cash", then in that case, that would be fraud. 
Also, to conform to the ISO 4217 standard, BTC and BCH outright cannot be used, the currently used ticker symbol for BTC which conforms to ISO 4217 is XBT. But exchanges don't often use "XBT" as the ticker symbol. 
Edit: Typo fix.
@_date: 2018-05-17 11:24:30
What? My comments directed towards one individual about how I think exchanges not only shouldn't, but wouldn't face consequences over what ticker symbols they are using as long as they are telling people what they are purchasing? Which goes on about how ticker symbols are completely arbitrary. My comments opposing the trollish behaviour of name calling? My comments about IPTV? My comments about PopcornTime? Where was I trolling? Or are you just resorting to an ad hominem attack because you really have no answers? For all I care, you could be the biggest troll there is. But I don't care. I see that as completely irrelevant. Who the speech comes from is no importance to me, but rather what actually is being said.   
@_date: 2018-05-15 23:16:23
What? Do you mean address or wallet?
You can send BCH to any address. If the address is also used to store BTC, then the funds can be accessed using a Bitcoin Cash wallet using the private key as the address the funds were sent to. However, I would not advise doing this. 
But you cannot send BTC and have it end up in a BCH wallet, and vice versa. 
Is that the answer you wanted?
@_date: 2018-08-02 06:34:29
[Censorship]( (noun):
The suppression or prohibition of any parts of books, films, news, etc. that are considered obscene, politically unacceptable, or a threat to security.
_‘the regulation imposes censorship on all media’_
@_date: 2018-05-14 23:35:21
But the laws aren't going to change for your personal preferences. That's absolute nonsense. 
@_date: 2018-05-11 06:57:55
Then what's the point of mentioning ISO approved ticker symbols, if the ticker symbols you use don't align with the current ISO standards? Why does it even matter? 
@_date: 2018-05-14 06:19:34
So, when it's individual people doing it, you describe it as a 'crowd', but when it's businesses doing it, you describe it as 'very small handful'. 
Try being consistent.
@_date: 2018-06-06 06:39:19
@_date: 2018-06-06 07:30:51
Did gold rise six hundred precent in value in the last three years? No? Maybe because it isn't a speculative instrument.
@_date: 2018-06-06 06:41:01
The idea that a speculative asset is a store-of-value is nothing but a complete lack of understanding of what an economic store-of-value is. 
Edit: Massive spelling mistakes because I never read what I type until afterwards. 
@_date: 2018-06-06 09:52:51
No. But that's beside the point. Now, in this current age, gold is a good store-of-value and Bitcoin is not a store-of-value at all, but rather a speculative investment.
The fact it Bitcoin has only existed for 9 years doesn't change the fact that it is not a store of value (not currently, at least). 
To mention timeframes is shifting the goalposts. 
@_date: 2018-06-07 11:44:23


No. I'm saying something being an instrument of volatility cannot be a store of value by definition. An economic store-of-value, by definition would maintain the same amount of utility. 
Is this a problem? No. Does this mean Bitcoin isn't a store of value? Yes. 
@_date: 2018-06-07 01:50:13


Okay, then what aspects of the technology make what I am saying wrong? I am speaking to what categorically is and isn't an economic store-of-value. 


A store-of-value doesn't increase your spending ability. It keeps it at about the same. 


Bitcoin is speculative. If it's not, tell me what the spending power of Bitcoin will be two years from now. A gram of gold will have about the same spending power two years from now as it would currently. 
And again, being speculative is not a bad thing. But we cannot deny that Bitcoin is speculative. 
@_date: 2018-06-16 10:38:09
Cash system, because the trade of cash is limited by an artificial limit which causes congestion, and high fees. 
@_date: 2018-06-06 12:34:06
To the first part, about not having to trust anyone as of whether it’s genuine or not, yes, definitely. The creation of Bitcoin allows people to keep assets without getting the permission of anyone. It allows people to transfer money anywhere in the world with a very small fee. These are really great things. But they don’t make Bitcoin a store-of-value. 
I’m not suggesting that not being a store-of-value is a bad thing in the slightest. But we shouldn’t mislead ourselves and others into thinking that Bitcoin is a store of value (because it’s not). But rather focus on the intended design of Bitcoin. Which is to be money. 
That aside, if anything has the volatility of Bitcoin, it is not a store-of-value by definition. 
Also, you’re taking about store of value being a "long-term thing" but doesn’t make sense. If we see a rise in value of 600% in over the past three years, we do not have a store of value by definition. We have an instrument of volatility. An actual store-of-value would have the same buying power, the same utility at the end of that time window as it would at the beginning of that window. Is having an instrument of volatility a bad thing? No. But you wouldn’t have a store-of-value.
Edit: Number and spelling correction.
@_date: 2018-06-08 05:12:17


I don't view Bitcoin in "fiat terms", but rather in terms of utility. As what the actual purchasing power is. 
Fiat is irrelevant to that.


Whether something is speculative is not down to opinion, but rather down to whether it's future utility can be predicted. The fact that Bitcoin is unpredictable makes it speculative by definition. 
Also, if someone is to disagree with an objective fact, that doesn't mean that what is there is not an objective fact. It means that whoever disagrees is simply wrong. 


Think of it in terms of what can you buy with one unit, rather than the fact that one unit is equal to one unit. You could make this argument with literally anything. Don't think of the stocks as their actual value, think of one share as being worth one share. It's nonsense. 
One dollar isn't worth one dollar. It's worth what you can buy with one dollar. The utility of the dollar. The spending power of the dollar. When you see a price tag on something and think that it's expensive, it's not because of the number written down, it's what the number represents, it's the utility that number represents, it's how much time working it takes to earn that number to pay for that thing. The utility determines the value. Whether you're paid or paying in Bitcoin, gold, silver, fiat, or anything else. It's the exact same. 


I understand the technology. Down to how mining works, how the blocks are structured, how transactions work, ect. If it comes down to understanding of technology, then actually make a technical argument. 
Edit: Grammar fixes.
@_date: 2018-07-05 14:17:38
Telling people something that's happening ≠ promoting centralised exchanges
Know the difference.