@_author: manywordsfewthoughts
@_date: 2017-05-21 13:49:19
But don't miners prioritize the highest fee transactions? If so, the malicious miner's goal would be to flood the pool with transactions at the lowest fee that was included in the previous block to ensure that there is always a backlog and that transactions with fees lower than this threshold are never confirmed. The opportunity cost to the miner is minimal if they manage their dummy fees in a way that prevents their dummy transactions from ever being confirmed, and only risk their dummy transaction displacing a legitimate transaction with an equivalent fee, in which case they risk paying the fee to other miners.
The best defense I see against this is for benevolent miners to pick up low-fee transactions. It wouldn't take many benevolent miners to remove the incentive,  but this relies on a hand full of miners acting against their own self interest. This goes against every advantage of a trade system built on blockchain. 
@_date: 2017-05-21 16:47:43
How does this cost miners? I thought miners got paid when they successfully hash a block, blocks are hashed at a target rate of 10 minutes, and the number of transactions in a block is limited by the block size. 
What is the mechanism that encourages miners to minimize the backlog? 
How can miners confirm more transactions and minimize the backlog if the block size and rate at which blocks are hashed is effectively constant?
I'm new to this and I feel like in missing an important detail. Thanks for helping me understand.
@_date: 2017-05-21 13:57:33
The goal would be to never include the dummy transactions in a block. They could make the transaction pool so bottom heavy that everyone would be forced to increase transaction fees if they want their transaction to make it into a block.
@_date: 2017-05-21 13:24:52
But there is no limit to how many feeless transactions miners can create. They can create enough feeless transactions to ensure that the backlog is never cleared and that no feeless transaction is ever confirmed.
Taking this further, as long as a backlog exists, miners know what the minimum fee is that will get a transaction confirmed. If they generate transactions at that threshold, they can effectively guarantee a floor for transaction fees. If they take a minimal risk of occasionally  having one of their dummy transactions confirmed (causing them to pay the fee and displacing revenue from a legitimate fee) they can incrementally increase their dummy fee, forcing legitimate transactions to stay above this dummy floor to be included in a block.
Given the large number of transactions an individual can create, it seems like this would take minimal collusion between miners to maintain.
A Monte Carlo algorithm deciding a fee is just going to reflect the reality of the correlation between fees and how quickly a transaction is confirmed. It won't matter if an algorithm spits out low fee transactions because they will just sit in the pool and never be included in a block.