@_author: many_many_hats__
@_date: 2018-01-06 18:46:17
With genetic diversity, there are bound to be some complications sometimes. Its a morally tricky subject because back then, it would have been more difficult to take care of those with special needs, but that doesnt mean a lot of communities didnt try. It is true that typically those people didnt breed though, natutally. The others that need special attention are the elderly who likely have already had children, and the children themselves.  Edit:some letters
@_date: 2018-01-05 20:34:46
As long as there are limited resources (which there are) the desire to have more than someone else is detrimental. Its that simple. 
Edit: actually if the resources worldwide were distributed equally, there still may not be enough to go around. So its dog eat dog. Which will never be very peaceful, if thats what we're aiming for here  
@_date: 2018-01-05 21:25:55
Humans were also once in small tribal communities that looked after each other and distributed resources fairly among the tribe, it wasnt just savage smash and grab or we wouldnt be here. WE may live in a surplus now, but it comes with price. A lot of our wealth comes with the cost of others not having enough, or working hard their whole lives so we can have luxuries. Globally, it is not a surplus. Im all for people earning their keep, and being able to work harder for extra, but not at the cost of others having to work harder for less. 
@_date: 2018-01-05 21:25:04
Humans were also once in small tribal communities that looked after each other and distributed resources fairly among the tribe, it wasnt just savage smash and grab or we wouldnt be here. WE may live in a surplus now, but it comes with price. A lot of our wealth comes with the cost of others not having enough, or working hard their whole lives so we can have luxuries. Globally, it is not a surplus. Im all for people earning their keep, and being able to work harder for extra, but not at the cost of others having to work harder for less. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 03:12:16
Wait what? Youre saying that if things were distributed equally and if women choose their partners, the babies would have to be...distributed equally? Why wouldnt the couples just keep the babies and resources would still be "distributed" so that everyone could eat? Or mass rape would happen? I dont understand your point. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 07:05:34
Yes. Thats how good genes are chosen. The males that dont get picked dont get to make babies that suck like them. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 07:48:35
" best to use a little prudence when dealing with...humans...." 
@_date: 2018-01-06 03:25:28
Totally. The time i was reffering to was before socialism, money, or in some cases, agriculture. The numbers were tiny and all people really had to worry about was eating, staying protected from harsh weather, and fighting off predators. There wasnt really any concept of wealth or trade because no one had or wanted for anything that their neighbor had, since they were all pretty much in the same boat.  We cant really get back to that kinda society now, we're in too deep.
@_date: 2018-01-06 07:30:55
Thats the thing...There wouldnt be poverty if people simply survived with skills they need to just...survive, like hunting and figuring out the best way to defend yourself against attackers.  Obviously there are those in the tribe that would be more useful for some things than others, and they'd naturally find their role in the community. Trading happens naturally; people get what they need to survive, and help others directly around them if they cant provide for themselves for whatever reason (or the ones that cant provide for themselves simply dont make it). Now, we have created a system where we all have arbitrary "roles" that we may or may not be actually natutally good at, and made up trades to get money to get food from the guy who grows food for a company etc... We as humans have made an enclosed system that we think is seperate from nature while simultaniously using natural, limited resources. Its not a sustainable system at all, and there is no form of human economics on earth at the moment that is, besides perhaps uncontacted communities that don't require money. Edit- typos and expansion on some points. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 19:08:16
Maybe if our population was smaller we wouldnt have these problems, just sayin. And part of the reason we are overpopulated and the reasons we have things like economic unrest and antibacterial resistance, or deforestation or (whether you believe it or not) climate change, is because we seriously dont live naturally. Everyone's real happy with the technology and medicine we have now because without it, suddenly, we'd be fucked. But seriously, other animals (we are animals btw) survive just fine without it, and they have BUILT IN systems of dealing with stuff, like into their fuckin bodies....because they evolved and rely solely on adapting to their environment instead of changing their environment to the ultimate extreme to try and create some kind of cushy permanent existence. Death is super neccessary for evolutionary growth. Not too much death, but just enough. Now, with civilization, we've created problems that aren't natural problems. We arent worried about simple shit. Were worried about politics and a bunch of stuff WE made up because we thought it would be easier than just eating the shit on the ground. Stupid humans...edit: fucking typos, typing on a tiny phone without autocorrect is hard. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 19:32:17
And the division of labor would basically be just...whos best at what? Or who wants to do what? Things need to get done, someone needs to do them. And if someone hoards the rewards to themselves they're an asshole. Yes there are things that no one wants to do. Peeps take turns, or if they havent been contributing very much, not because they cant but because theyre lazy, they get assigned shit to do. Everyone has a part to play. I think thats also a problem now because people really dont know what part is needed of them on our society so they get depressed and end up working in a feild they dont see the point in. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 17:54:36
Read Ishmeal.
@_date: 2018-01-06 19:15:47
Shits gon be fuuUUcked till it dies yo
@_date: 2018-01-06 18:56:08
Of course. When youre in a relatively small community like that, its not like they're even actively dividing things up... its just...intuitive. Make sure everybody is fed? Is anyone wanting for anything? Can we help the one that is wanting? If someone in the group is hoarding the neccessary resourses for the whole of the group to flourish, they simply cant because it is just common sense others need it to survive and they would be selfish to keep it to themselves. If they choose to be greedy, they are absolutely seen as a problem in the group and the group comes together to come to a solution or the greedy person is most likely cast out. Because fuck them. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 07:07:19
Im talking about basic resources like food and shelter, not some dystopian Handmaids Tale shit. 
@_date: 2018-01-05 19:34:58
Nah... no matter what currency we use, if human greed is still a thing shits gonna be fucked :( 