@_author: manythanksmmk
@_date: 2018-01-11 04:46:23
I see what you’re saying, though, as a potential business investment, it’s still on the very very low end of startup costs for a viable business. Especially a business that generates income passively. Here’s the story you never asked for, I recently started renting a warehouse, purchased 21 miners, and completed electrical upgrades for an all-in cost of about 70k. The miners were purchased back when they were about $1400/unit. It comes down to your ability to secure funding and your appetite for risk, but it’s still doable for most middle class individuals to set up in a dumpy old warehouse space with five miners and pull in an extra $100-150/day. The price of mining adds centralization pressure to mining but is not keeping us little guys from joining in. 
As far as malicious mining orgs holding back technological advancement, you will always have those, especially in these early days of crypto. It’s basically a new frontier and everyone is trying to stake their claim for max profit. Those that don’t adapt and act according to the consensus of the many will be eventually culled through mining a worthless hard fork and seeing their profits disappear. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 14:15:29
If you believe in the technology, then hang in there. Similar trends happen with bitcoin on a regular basis. This isn’t the dot-com bubble, where there was a ton of hype surrounding a new telecommunication platform, this is the next generation of currency, of which there have only been a handful in all of human history (barter, precious stones/gold, fiat, credit, now crypto). 
Realize the financial industry will battle crypto every step of the way. Governments will step in to shut down dishonest exchanges (a good thing), banks will move to ensure that you can’t use their credit cards to buy crypto (also a good thing).  Bitcoin is a short time (months?) away from full scaling solutions that will allow it to go from just being a store of value to being a currency as well. You may have to stare down additional paper losses in the short term future, but it will not stay there long.
Finally, when this trend reverses, I hope you will come away from this having learned a valuable lesson: NEVER INVEST MORE THAN YOU’RE WILLING TO LOSE. I know this last part brings you no comfort now, but my hope is that you remember it to avoid this same feeling in the future. Hang in there, buddy, you haven’t lost anything until you cash out.
@_date: 2018-01-20 21:04:19
Why not Zapps?
@_date: 2018-01-21 00:43:42
Dilly dilly!
@_date: 2018-01-18 01:37:39
and banks provide services.
My bank’s services are uber-exclusive. For the low low price of $62 per year they will let me store all my money with them and gain 0.01% interest. They also let me call them and ask permission if I’m going to be purchasing anything while traveling or purchasing a large item such as a piece of furniture. Also, because of fraud I get to test out my debate skills at least once per year to dispute a transaction for either silk pajamas or a 4K TV set. Banks are the best, nothing could possibly come along and overtake this panoply of awesome.
Edit: didn’t realize there were staunch bank supporters on here that were offended by my comment. Everyone’s experience with banks is different and, aside from the ability to pay with a debit card, they have not provided anything that I value. I’m excited for the rollout of the lightning network and the technology that will allow me to safely store my money without a third party. 
I wonder how much of this negativity is tied to the recent price dip? A month to 45 days ago the tone of the posts on this page were borderline euphoric. Either you love the technology or you don’t. If you don’t, then go love your bank. If you do, the price of bitcoin doesn’t matter and you will understand that some very smart people are creating something that has never been built before. This is not a new candy crush. I am happy to give them the time they need to get it right.
@_date: 2018-01-11 02:50:44
The important thing about the use of resources in mining bitcoin is that it contributes to the security of the network. Each miner is spending a lot of money in electricity consumption to support the network as a whole. This discourages nefarious actors from trying to cheat the network because the odds of success are unbelievably poor, meanwhile, they are using up resources in their attempt to double spend or scam in some other way and will soon find that it is not worth the trouble. I believe this will always be the defining feature of a secure payment network. Scaling solutions will evolve away from proof of work but should be routinely settled on the main chain. BTW not sure if any of this makes sense been drinking beer and looking at camping equipment.
@_date: 2018-01-10 05:37:37
I could definitely be wrong but it seems that any currency will have high volatility as it is adopted and gains in acceptance.  It seems reasonable that this volatility/acceptance phase will be prolonged over the next 5-10 years until it reaches a saturation point of acceptance, then the value will plateau and the volatility will drop to &lt;1% swing per day. At this point, it will hit its sweet spot as both a currency and a store of value. 
As a previous ‘B’ level Econ student who took macro and micro Econ courses ten years ago and now works in healthcare, you need no further research into my claims, I am the authority /s
@_date: 2018-01-09 23:06:28
Sent a transaction from my wallet with a segwit address a couple of days ago and the fee was trivial and the transaction showed up on the exchange within 5 minutes. I don’t mean to be vague but the fee was low enough that I don’t remember the value, probably less than $5 to send thousands of dollars in bitcoin. Segwit makes a huge difference. Still not where it needs to be but I just paid three dollars to send a $650 e-check online for rent so it’s not too far off from other payment systems.
@_date: 2017-11-06 21:12:57
Totally agree. As much as this and future attacks are infuriating, it’s all part of the process of making bitcoin battle-hardened. This is still the wild west of cryptocurrency where governments are trying to figure out how to deal with this disruptive technology, and technology players are trying to exploit the growing awareness to make once-in-a-lifetime money. 
We just need to hodl tight and vote with our nodes to uphold the decentralized vision of bitcoin. No 2X
@_date: 2017-11-07 17:20:04
Betting on futures may help shape the regulatory environment in bitcoins favor if the politicians are seeing improved performance in their portfolios as a result
@_date: 2018-02-11 11:10:46
It’s time to... RIIIISSE! (Pantera song)