@_author: mapenga
@_date: 2013-12-01 15:36:52
I will second the idea for an escrow-type service. However, I think the biggest potential is in international trade, business-to-business (B2B) transactions. 
No matter how advanced our societies become and no matter how advanced and decentralized our monetary systems become, immense volumes of raw materials and finished goods will ship (mostly in containers) by sea.
A service (or even a patentable, and then licensable, method) which allows for simple, low-fee, and secure Bitcoin payment between two parties contracted under standard international trade payment methods (by this I mean documentary credit or cash against documents type transaction) will make a boatload of money and will truly advance Bitcoin in massive ways.
With trusted suppliers I will start paying for containers in Bitcoin as soon as I can get them to agree. No need for a third party service there.
But with new suppliers a service like what I've described about would be incredible. We pay thousands in bank wire and ACH fees per year, so it won't take much to save us money. In a different thread suggested somehow incorporating part a private key in the documents (bill of lading in particular) which prove shipment. It's not a bad idea, but needs some fleshing out. 
BTCrow.com looks interesting, but the third party dispute resolution aspect is going to need to be extraordinarily transparent when we're talking about million dollar+ transactions. I see some of the fundamental issues in the legal world of Alternative Dispute Resolution to be very valuable in setting this up properly.
I apologize for the stream of consciousness this has become. Perhaps I should just write a business plan and come back to reddit for some feedback (and maybe funding). 
B2B and international transactions will legitimize Bitcoin in such a massive way that someone needs to really focus on this. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 17:34:56
Have you actually used Bitcoin for deals subsequent to the frustrating Nigerian rack deal? How has it gone if so?
@_date: 2013-12-01 21:08:17
No, not really. 
My point is that any service or method that facilitates the use of Bitcoin in international transactions (with specific focus on B2B) is going to do more to further acceptance and the Bitcoin cause than many other things. 
I'll put the specifics of my idea for Bitcoin TT against BL type transaction and post it later this week. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:38:06
The company I own imports chemical and plastic raw materials from Asia and Europe and sells to manufacturing companies in the US (from shoe makers to automakers to oilfield services). 
Often with new suppliers we do a cash against documents type of deal where the supplier faxes or emails the bill of lading to our bank and we release the funds via our bank. In simple terms, with new suppliers the bank acts as escrow.
With long term suppliers we just wire money back and forth (paying bank fees of course), so my Bitcoin issue here is less about function and more about simply getting enough funds into Bitcoin and getting our suppliers to agree to accept Bitcoin for $250k+ containers of goods (not an easy task).
What Bitcoin B2B needs is some type of large volume escrow service to provide the same security a bank does in TT against BL-type deals.
Anyone have any ideas?
@_date: 2013-11-27 17:25:14
This is an interesting idea. The private key is incorporated into the BL so when the container sails and the BL is sent to us (email, fax, hard copy, it doesn't matter) we release the funds using that private key. It would need some fine tuning but that's not a bad idea.
@_date: 2013-11-27 17:26:09
I'm not quite sure what you mean in this reply. Please explain.