@_author: marat141100
@_date: 2018-08-14 12:46:22
Hello everybody. I would like to ask for help from someone who can. Last summer, I started trading on the exchange as bitrex, polo and etc. I invested in bitcoin last year about $ 1000, for me it's a big sum since I'm still a student and bought about 0.3 satoshi. At first I was able to trade, so it was easy. I was interested in trading bitcoin as it is easier for an ordinary person than forex. I went to trading courses for about 2-3 months and tried to study everything in my free time. And when the rate rose to 15,000 in December, at that time I earned about $ 7,000 clean + I was spending on daily expenses such as food, English and Chinese courses and so on. I helped my parents and they trusted me by buying about 4-5 bitcoins, this was their last money from the sale of the apartment, since my father had big debts. And in the beginning everything was easy and I began to think that I understand this market. And in December when the rate was 19000 I learned about bitmex, a month I studied the principle of the work of the exchange independently, but this was not enough. When I decided to try it all out, I liked that it was much faster and more to make money and I transferred all my deposit there. And when the rate began to fall down, I did not open the deal and when bitcoin gave a false increase to 16 thousand, I thought it was a turn and opened long, but after he went down again had to close with a minus. Then in March I opened a short at the whole dep, because the parents urgently needed money. But I to some extent hurried, because bitcoin grew from 8700 it seems to 9500 and my position was eliminated. I had about 0.1 satoshi left and I began to devote more time to studying the market, I bought a couple of signals in a telegram. And he received a raise to 0.5, but the market again went down and I did not expect it, because recently there were all sorts of fake news about the hacking of the exchange. And at the moment I have nothing left, I sold all my things like TV, laptop, watch and other goods , to survive. I invested about 3 ether in 3 ico, one of them is a scam. But the other two came out, it's loki and endor, I had to sell tokens at the same price as I bought. I just forgive people for help, since my parents turned away from me, I wanted to get a job, but they do not accept me because I'm only 17 years old and in Kazakhstan the average salary is about $ 200-300, I had to withdraw my entire deposit in the bank. They kept about $ 3000, to pay for courses and purchase food, because the parents refused me. This money was needed to open a visa to China, to enter the university, I paid for training in the winter when I earned money, but now I will be refused a visa because there is nothing in the bank. I decided to try to throw 1500-2000 $ to get out of this shit somehow, but again nothing happened, I closed a couple of deals in +, but with this stress, I earned myself a gastritis. I had to go to the hospital because my condition worsened. I opened a couple of days ago a deal in Long for 8100 and set up a limit stop just in case, but it did not work and the price was already 6400, I was liquidated again. I could not follow the course constantly and paid for it. I do not know how to live further, I wanted to help my family, but I took away what I can not give them back. It's not very convenient for me to get drunk, but I simply do not have a choice. I wanted to get a good education, wanted to become an independent person, but it all went so far.
Pls help me
@_date: 2018-07-03 19:47:59
I do not ask people for money. just wanted other people to think many times whether it is worth starting to get involved in such a market where manipulating  is so easy
@_date: 2018-07-03 19:34:03
Bitcoin manipulators fuck u. A year ago I began to be interested in bitcoin, because at that time I wanted to make some money on it. I'm an ordinary schoolboy at that time, from an average family. I accumulated and bought the first 0.3 satoshi at the rate of 3500. I went to trading courses for about 2-3 months. Then the market was easy and it was easy to make money. In December, when the rate jumped to 19,000, I was glad that I could earn about $ 7000 from that $ 1000. I made gifts to my parents and all my relatives. I felt I understand something in this market. But when he fell in the ferrel-March. All earnings merged. I began reading 24/7 about the market and for a month went into study. At the end of March, I started to deal with margin trading again, bought a couple of channel signals. The beginning of getting out of 0.2 bitcoins in 2 months I earned 0.5 from the top. But then because of the fucking manipulators. When the fake news began to appear, the fall began again. Part I paid for my university and just because of many reasons I left my parents. I spent part of the money on daily expenses. But he tried to minimize them because he believed that Bitcoin was the future. Here again this rate fell to 5700. And for 4 transactions I merged the whole dep. Now I need to pay for the university, for many extra lessons, because I'm going to China, for an apartment. But I do not have money even for food. I sold all my things, like a laptop, a watch. Parents do not want to help. I opened 3 deals in long and nothing happened, all because of the news. I do not understand how to continue to live stupidly and thoughts about suicide come more and more often. Fuck this fucking shit and fuck my life 
@_date: 2018-07-03 19:58:27
During the whole year, I lived for trading only. scored on everything, friends, entertainment.Because i wanted to earn some money for his university and future. 
@_date: 2018-07-08 05:03:53
in my country 1k $ is the average salary for 2-3 months. I think that now it will be difficult to earn. 