@_author: maracas_
@_date: 2018-01-12 22:51:11


The percent of Bitcoin you're acquiring is irrelevant to anyone who is not giving himself to petty jealousy, what matters is how many goods and services you can buy with whatever Bitcoin you can afford.
Would I be better off having the 50% of nothing or the 0.0000001% of trillions? Why should I care who's sitting at the top? I only care about ability to trade goods with other people, if with 1 bitcoin I can buy a cheap Peugeot, why do I care if Roger Ver bought in at 50 cents? Good for him, it was a risky investment, they deserve it.


And I'm saying distribution is irrelevant.


It doesn't. You're stuck at the first layer of events here.
If you produce something is because you're interested in exchanging it for currency in order to purchase something else.
If you produce something and you're incapable of acquiring that currency, you will soon stop producing, and part of your production will be destroyed. You will have to re-specialize, find new sector, keep "spending" without producing.
This leads to the currency's purchasing power to go down, as production is being wasted/decreases. A currency which purchasing power in general goes down leads to inflation in inelastic demand goods such as housing, education, etc.


It's not guaranteed cause it relies on economic growth, and then your gains would be tied to economic growth which is ridiculous for any investor worth his salt. A recession and the currency would lose purchasing power. Holding currency hoping for a productive improvement is as low-risk low-reward as it gets.
Besides, is it that bad that if the economy grows a 3% my savings can purchase a 3% more things? Precisely this is what the middle and lower classes need, a reflection of economic growth on the Average Joe.


@_date: 2018-01-12 21:05:36
No such thing as "our needs" and no such thing as "more than enough".
I have my needs and only I deem when they are satisfied, and so do you.
@_date: 2018-01-12 20:53:32


If people offered services in exchange of Bitcoin then the situation would change, the rich get offered a service and they pay their bitcoins in exchange.
Thing is, currently less than 1% of the world are willing to offer services in exchange for Bitcoin, so the distribution makes sense, ultimately.
Besides, dollars are accepted, and their distribution isn't that egalitarian either. I don't stop myself from bartering with other people just because there's someone in that castle richer than 99% of us.
The reason Bitcoin is not seeing mass adoption in the exchange of services is a distrust for government regulators and low marketcap.
If I knew I could safely pour my entire salary into Bitcoin as soon as I get the check, I would, but as of now it's still a high risk investment. As time passes this risk will fade.


First of all, if everyone holds then productivity is not going to accelerate, if everyone holds it means market agents are not providing what consumers need and that leads to stagnation and inflation for the goods that people do need.
Second, a 2% yearly return (by holding) as the one you described is quite lousy, that money would be better off invested in companies, and that's what smart people would do. Sure, some lucky dumb pioneer will hold in lieu of better ideas, but he will quickly lose his fortune like this and let other, smarter people take it over.
@_date: 2017-11-22 00:24:57
What's wrong with that?
Don't like it don't buy it. Pretty sure there's plenty of money to be made in the internet for someone to show up and offer something people actually do like.
@_date: 2017-11-22 00:32:33
And another ISP would see the potential not to do that and steal all the customers from the one that does.
Some of you seem to argue that if I don't poison people at my restaurant is exclusively because it is illegal. No, I don't poison people at my restaurant because I want my restaurant to keep making me money.
And also because I'm not a psychopath, but this principle doesn't apply to everyone, the principle of self interest, however, does.
@_date: 2017-11-22 00:44:56
What are the chances this situation of lack of choices is increased by the fact that they're not screwing people over?
If the only provider of milk of my village started mixing his milk with feces, it would be quite easy for me to offer feces-less milk and take over his profitable business.
If we never let companies fuck up their customers, all we'll get is monopolies. One person's mistake is another person's chance.
@_date: 2018-02-26 17:57:21
If he doesn't need the house why buy it at all?
Or, if he's going to buy one eventually, why does it matter when he buys it? Yeah, he can buy it tomorrow, but that means 2 years from now he won't buy a house. Zero sum.
Money is spent according to opportunity cost perception. If you think you can hold your money for two years and that means you're not missing opportunities due to this, then you should hold it.
One main argument that pro-inflation people fail to acknowledge is the fact that if everyone held the currency then the currency would not deflate...A currency with static supply is valued depending on the production of those who accept and use it. If people in that economy don't spend, that will lead to people not producing, if people don't produce, then how can the currency be deflationary? How will you buy more goods in the future if everyone is unemployed due to not being able to allocate their production?
Truth is, nobody can know for sure whether a static supply currency will deflate or not, it is not guaranteed by any means, so missing an opportunity just for the belief that two years from now it will be worth it is, simply, stupid. And for sophisticated investors a 2% return (deflation returns on booming economies would tend to be around that number) means nothing, they'd rather keep their money in some other investment, helping the economy grow, nobody is going to do an Uncle Scrooge, nobody smart, that is.
The advantage of static supply currencies is that they don't overdose the economy, allowing failed business to crash sooner, which leads to milder market cycles, static supply currencies allow people to receive benefits of booming economies through lower costs of production, and create healthier economies in general.
@_date: 2017-09-05 08:46:16


With voluntary contributions.
I really love when Socialists tell me they've bought bitcoins, really shows how clueless they are about what we will actually achieve thanks to them.
@_date: 2018-02-26 10:17:08
But I want the government to move negatively towards crypto so people start focusing on ways to make crypto more government-resistant...Nothing would make me happier than the EU or the US banning bitcoin, and I'm a big hodler
@_date: 2018-02-26 17:41:26
If I buy a coffee today using 0.0001 bitcoin, and then I go and add a $ to my bitcoin account, how is it different than holding that 0.0001 bitcoin and spending a dollar in coffee? How am I worse of? In the first example, I spend the dollar, keep the bitcoin, drink the coffee, in the second example, I spend the bitcoin, I replenish the bitcoin with the dollar, I keep the bitcoin, drink the coffee. And with a bit of luck the coffee was actually 0.99$ so I have 1 cent growing 
Yeah, that 0.0001 bitcoin can be 5$ in the future, but that $ can also be 5$ in the future if I put it in bitcoin. You don't see me crying or lamenting all the $ I spent which I could have put into BTC and now I'd be rich, I need to spend from time to time, static supply of currency doesn't change that.
@_date: 2018-02-23 11:49:29
Oh great, a communist government with the worst track record of respect for debt, rule of law and inflation in the world is now accepting cryptos, this sure will add legitimacy to cryptos, when Maduro blames all the calamities of his policy on the evil cryptocurrency speculators who want to sabotage his regime.
@_date: 2018-02-26 18:22:29


But this is not due to the static supply of bitcoin, rather it is because 
a) there are not many options to spend that money yet, amazon is not accepting crypto, neither is walmart
b), people don't feel quite safe putting all of their salaries in bitcoin yet due to regulatory concerns/fear and volatility, volatility dissipates with adoption though, so that fear will fade. Regulatory fear will always be there, at least for a while.


Under a deflationary economy many studies point out that crisis would be milder but growth would also be milder, the projected growth of booming economies would be around 2% yearly.
A deflationary currency's value is tied to the sum of the production of the people accepting it, basically, tied to the ammount of goods and services you can acquire with it, if the economy grew 2%, your currency would grow 2%.
Bitcoin is growing 800% because new people are entering its economy constantly, but when there's not that factor, when there's so many people that a million more people or a million less people accepting bitcoin doesn't affect the price too much, the growth is limited to productive growth.
So, are you claiming you would not drink a coffee because next year it would cost you 98 cents? Then probably you don't like coffee as much as I do :)
@_date: 2018-02-26 15:49:19


Buying online


So what is the point of using crypto for you? Why should people, according to you, use crypto instead of bank services? Without people sharing my vision of a world run by the silk road instead of a world run by thieves and extorters there's no bitcoin, read Satoshi whitepaper, and reconsider your stance on Bitcoin if a world that aims to resist governments tyranny is "delusional".
@_date: 2018-02-26 18:13:13
Inflation affects mostly goods which purchase you cannot postpone, food, education, houses, all of them are safer from inflation than the rest because their demand is inelastic.
It's a hidden subsidy from the middle class to the elites, your money is worth less so your landlord can charge you more.
@_date: 2019-05-16 21:26:10
The government cannot elect the chairman of a private entity, so is the Fed a private entity?
@_date: 2019-05-16 14:20:06
Is it really private if government enforces your monopoly?  
What's the factual difference between a private entity that's granted monopoly by the government and a public entity?
@_date: 2019-05-16 14:18:16
To be fair he has a better understanding of cryptos than most politicians in senate. He is right, Bitcoin is a danger for the US Federal reserve, for the US dollar, for taxation and for government control over the economy.
It would seem like some users in this subreddit think Sherman is wrong because his predictions are wrong, instead of him being wrong because nobody in their right mind should support the Federal Reserve.  
I wouldn't trust any politician who claims to like Bitcoin and at the same time defends the things that Bitcoin threatens. At least Sherman is honest about his hate for the concept of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-16 21:30:31
You talked about relative poverty, since you mentioned 1000$ bringing you up to nearly the poverty line.
The definition of absolute poverty is living under 1.90$ (2011 US dollar inflation adjusted) per day .
@_date: 2019-05-16 14:02:57
Poverty line is defined by average income, increase everyone's income and the average will go up...and so will the poverty line.