@_author: marco_streng_
@_date: 2017-02-15 01:36:45
Thanks for sharing your experience here, and summarizing the numbers. I don’t want to debate your opinions, nor do I want to try to *play us up*, but I’d like to elaborate on some things from my perspective.
A little background - I’m Marco Streng, CEO of Genesis Mining. 
Our daily maintenance fee consists of all the expenses of mining. This includes the electricity fee, the infrastructure costs such as rack space, cooling, security, and general maintenance. It also covers the costs of spare parts like fans (these break at an alarming rate!), and other parts that degrade over time. 
You also have to remember that we’re obligated to hold the hashpower we sell you stable, over the entire runtime, and to compensate any downtimes. That’s not a trivial task - how often have you had your own rig go down? Can you say, with honest truth, that you can have a rig running 24/7, with no downtime? Boards overheat, fans break down, circuits degrade - the average person doesn't have time to babysit his hardware while he gets on with his day.
We’ve also got to pay our team - it’s not just physical maintenance. There’s also software maintenance; updates; driver optimizations; lots of little things that add up to give you the fastest hashrate out there. We’ve been in this business for three years, and there’s a very good reason for that - we do everything we can to ensure your hardware is always on, always mining, and always at peak performance.
But there’s a lot of other people also doing the same thing; some are scams, some are legitimate. And there’s been no new developments in ASIC technologies, which means mining SHA-256d has become more of a long term ROI. Two years ago, you could have broke even in a few weeks - that’s not the case anymore. 
Whether mining itself or not is profitable - that’s not something we can decide. It really isn’t. It depends on the price of Bitcoin and the network difficulty. 
All we can do is ensure that, if someone chooses us, they get the best of mining without any of the actual work involved - and trust me, there’s a **lot** of work.
@_date: 2017-01-09 11:38:36
Hey Community,
The farm is our Enigma farm from Genesis Mining. It's an ethereum mine of us, but they preferred to show this rather than the sha asics for whatever reason ;P
It was all in all a very positive and great feature about Bitcoin indeed! Feedback is huge so far...