@_author: marcusswanepoel
@_date: 2017-04-30 11:32:49
Thanks for the offer - we're good thanks, no need for it right now. :) But keep us posted on your work. 
@_date: 2017-04-29 09:46:16
Marcus here - I am one of the founders of Luno ( we used to be called BitX) - we're a Singapore-based Bitcoin company (wallet, exchanges, merchant APIs etc - arguably the broadest reach across Southeast Asia and Africa) and operate across many of the markets on your list, including working closely with many of these regulators. We are also in the UK FCA's Regulatory Sandbox at the moment. I've been a PR of and living in Singapore for about 7 years now. 
Very good list, thanks. If it's useful, in our experience your assessment of regulator views is broadly right, but Singapore is more a Permissive than a Friendly (unless you mean 'blockchain' or 'private ledgers'). Also note that while it is controversial, Singapore is not always considered a tax haven (long story). 
When assessing best countries for a Bitcoin business, it might also be worth to consider 1. the banking industry's attitude towards Bitcoin (which as it turns out, is not necessarily correlated to the regulator views, and probably the single biggest challenge for Bitcoin companies around the world right now, assuming your business model includes fiat, as is the case with many wallets and exchanges) - obviously assessing this is easier said than done, but worth thinking about and 2. cost of living - if you're a startup this makes a huge difference, and unfortunately this is a barrier to entry in some countries like Singapore and Switzerland as it's very, very expensive to live here. Also venture funding amount does not equal risk appetite, so you will see more US liquidity for 'out-there' things like Bitcoin, whereas in Southeast Asia the risk appetite tends to be a bit lower and in search of more 'proven' business models. So if you add some of these things the list might shift around a bit... :) 
That all said, Singapore is a fantastic place to live and there is a small yet vibrant fintech and broader tech community with a lot of long term potential for the country and the region. 
Hope this is helpful, happy to help with any other questions. 