@_author: marcmerica
@_date: 2015-03-17 16:37:58
Digital, not sure what would lead you to that conclusion. These guys run a professional office in a professional building (I've seen it myself) out of Sarasota, FL. We're not talking about a bunch of kids in mom's basement here. They have the most secure platform out there, real people answering email and the phone (yes, the phone, find another exchange where you can call someone). All of the coins are stored via cold storage, too, so they are as safe as possible.
As a matter of fact, out of any Bitcoin exchange out there, they are some of the most upfront people out there. They are more than happy to tell you who they are and their story. Rob Genito, the owner, has done multiple interviews and podcasts. Google his name and you'll see.
I may be biased since I've already traded through their service and have met them in person, but I want to dispel any notion that they are shady in any way. I can't imagine a more honest and up-front startup in the BTC world. Here's their number - call 866-841-COIN and there's a good chance you'll get Rob on the line!
@_date: 2015-03-17 18:12:39
I couldn't agree more. I'm just not sure why you think they are shy about revealing themselves. Simply because they do not have
a staff photo on the main page?
Quick Google searches reveal quite a bit about the company, especially its owner, Robert Genito:
 - here's a nice write-up.
 here's Rob on the You, Me and BTC podcast
Rob's also started Reddit threads and has been active on BTC forums introducing himself to the community, using his real name
as a user ID, and promoting the service.
just a couple examples.
I will encourage his team to consider an about us page, however, even as it stands, you can find this link on the wallofcoins.com
front page -   where you will find Rob pictured in the middle, as well as two current members of the WOC team, Jasmine Chan (pictured next to him), and Leo de La Rosa (all the way to the right)
I encourage anyone to call them and talk with someone directly. There just isn't another BTC exchange out there that can offer that
kind of support.
- Marc