@_author: marinasosn
@_date: 2017-12-26 13:11:28
Bitcoin never sleeps or slows. At the time when a participant of  Bitcoin Foundation, has dedicated a large chunk of its resources over the past few months into proposing redrafts of sections of §1241 Combating Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Counterfeiting Act of 2017 (US) Bitcoin was taken off or widely felt, attacked by fake news inspired by the mysterious Satoshi Nakamoto and tried to revolutionize commodity markets. But the most spectacular turn of events has happened after Belarus Presidebt Alexander Lukashenko offered tax breaks and legal incentives for dealing in digital currencies in an effort to turn Belarus into an international tech haven.
“Belarus will become the first government in the world that opens wide opportunities for the use of blockchain technology,” Lukashenko said in a statement in his website. “We have every chance of becoming a regional center in this area.” 
His statement became an occasion for  organizers to start public talks online. More than 400 world-class professionals, including the most influential speakers of all time, like Llew Claasen (Bitcoin Foundation), Kristof Van de Reck (NEM Foundation), Peter Sin Guili (ACCESS), Juwan Lee (NexChange), Sohail Munir (Smart City Enablement Services, Smart Dubai Governmen), Evgeny Gordeev (De Center), Alexander Ivanov (Waves Platform), Sergey Polikanov (Sberbank CIB), Elina Sidorenko (MGIMO), top managers of the Central Bank of Russia and Gazprombank Digital, will be discussing the last blockchain and cryptocurrency news in the most popular  communities. 
 invites everyone to take a part in online discussions. The guests of public talks will get acess to write their questions in top  communities. The experts of  will answer all of them. 
@_date: 2017-12-26 12:37:59
The World Blockchain and Cryptocurrency Summit,  will take place in WTC Moscow on January, 27, 2018. International Decentralized Association of Cryptocurrency and Blockchain, IDACB is initiator of the summit. 
 gathers the most engaged members of the global blockchain community, the representatives of crypto associations, authorities, foundations, investment companies, banks and IDACB's partners. The summit will create a platform for the exchange of knowledge, experience and success in the field of the blockchain technology and regulation. The sessions will be devoted to the regulatory framework of cryptosphere and its interaction with the state bodies. 
More than 400 world-class professionals and 30 international organisations responsible for the blockchain regulation in Europe, the North America, the Near East, Africa and Asia are joining us at  including the most influential speakers of all time, like Llew Claasen (Bitcoin Foundation), Kristof Van de Reck (NEM Foundation), Peter Sin Guili (ACCESS), Juwan Lee (NexChange), Sohail Munir (Smart City Enablement Services, Smart Dubai Governmen), Evgeny Gordeev (De Center), Alexander Ivanov (Waves Platform), Sergey Polikanov (Sberbank CIB), Elina Sidorenko (MGIMO), top managers of the Central Bank of Russia and Gazprombank Digital.   
“The most important and pressing issues of soaring cryptoindustry will be discussed in  The summit will become the first step of international digital future creation. I believe that participation in  gives an opportunity to get the most actual information and analytics from the first persons of this industry. You will be able to give a glance at your projects from a new perspective and to take them to a higher level”, — informs German Klimenko, adviser of President of the Russian Federation in an Internet development issue, trustee of IDACB. 
The summit will also become a center of the experts power for creation of favorable legal and investment conditions in the field of the use of blockchain technologies.  The business program is set in five sections – ICO, Blockchain, Cryptocurrencies, Cryptotrading and Regulation. It starts with the plenary session on national and international regulation of cryptocurrencies.  The session is led by the top experts from Russia, Switzerland, China, Japan, North Korea, the Republic of South Africa and USA. The presentations, panel discussions and pitch sessions will cover all topics about ICO, blockchain technology, cryptocurrency, cryptotrading – from cryptocurrencies status and preparation of legislative framework to technological innovations and smart contracts. Meet-up “How to find investor?” will unite the most successful ICO projects ever. The speakers will introduce the summit guests with the last surveys of the investment foundations coming on the blockchain market.  The evening program includes plenary session “Mega Trends in Crypto Economy Changing the World” and the networking. The experts will discuss the consequences of the cryptocurrencies integration in the real economy and the humankind future in the era of blockchain. 