@_author: marineone99
@_date: 2017-08-25 14:59:58
Got screwed by a bank or other centralized institution? When has it ever NOT done that? 
Seriously, are you even thinking about what you're saying or asking before you post?
You keep changing your position every time your previous argument fails... Perhaps you should be asking yourself why you so firmly believe in something that you haven't performed nearly enough due diligence in researching before coming here and throwing out baseless assertions and accusations. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:19:59
What argument can you advance that makes the case for why all people across the entire world should put their faith and trust in traditional, corruptible governments and financial institutions over incorruptible math and decentralized governance? 
Corruptible people-led systems vs math. I'll take math every time. 
The Mt Gox situation you point to? That's an argument for why the community of users should better regulate the exchanges that they operate on. 
It's not an argument explaining why you think that a traditional bank or reserve system or land-based government should be required to mingle in that governance structure. 
None of them own that space - the users of the space own it and govern it. 
You might ask: For what reason would anyone want to be part of that space?
Any user, anywhere on the planet, that has ever disagreed with any type of authoritarian policy potentially has reason to wish to own and use Bitcoin. 
Ridiculous narcotics laws that amount in massive amounts of extremely costly incarceration and entire economies, such as Venezuela's, completely tanking have given more than enough people the reason to rebel against traditional local and global power structures.
Every other nation on the planet outside the US - can you imagine how governed and restricted they must feel every time the US and its allies impose ever more economic sanctions on them? Telling them that they're not playing by the rules that the US (essentially) has established and punishment therefore being cast down on them with an unavoidable, unfathomable weight. 
Punishment that, if not accepted and dealt with appropriately, will undoubtedly result in those nation-states' physical demise (war)?! 
JUST for not playing by a set of rules that they never even agreed to in the first place? 
Seems pretty shitty to me. 
By the way, you should check out the concept of [Porter's Five Forces](  if you're not familiar with it. I think you'll make the connection of what's happening here. 
If you're an American (as I am), I completely understand If you don't get the draw to Bitcoin. We're uniquely positioned relative to every other nation in the world - including all other Western nations. 
But do you think the rest of the world cares what we think about it? If they've got a need to use it, or more trust in that particular system than any or all other institutions, then why wouldn't they use it? 
This applies at both a personal level as well as at a governmental level.
As the entire world continues to rebel against every instance of oppression that they believe they've had unjustly imposed on them, from individuals up to businesses and corporations and industries to entire land based governments... 
Do you really think a land-based government can prevent that from happening? Not even remotely possible, IMO, absent a potential existential threat war scenario...
There's a reason that Brexit happened; there's a reason that Trump got elected. People are fed up with having their lives completely micro-managed by government policies that are far too vast, restrictive, and costly. 
Trump... got ELECTED! Because the US's current government structure (especially including its monetary policy) is no longer trusted by a majority of its citizens. 
And you're here questioning the relevancy of Bitcoin and saying that believers in it are irrational? This is absolutely amazing...
More people than not around the world just want an opportunity to live their lives and try to make it better. As an American citizen, it's probably very difficult to see the cumulative negative effects that we've created across the globe - but far more of the world would prefer to get along and cooperate and advance our sciences and technologies and cooperation on any and every other thing of importance - such as helping to build 3rd world infrastructures - than they want to fight and go to war and exert dominance on each other. 
Those methods of governance are and will continue to become historical ways of thinking as our ever-increasing global society continues to grow. 
Have you ever heard of [Metcalfe's Law]( It's a good concept to be familiar with. 
Traditional land based governance no longer cuts it when the "land" is the entire world.
Why do I believe in Bitcoin? 
Because it's network of users will undoubtedly grow to be bigger than any existing institution on the planet. That network will decide on its own how it thinks it should be governed and individuals and nation-states alike have their own freedom of decision as to whether or not they choose to play along. 
This is democracy at its finest. I don't think it sounds too irrational at all. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 07:46:56
Really? When was the last time that Bitcoin decimated all of Western society?
@_date: 2017-08-20 08:05:08
These are two decently long but interesting reads and I think they begin to touch on why he feels that way about agriculture. I tend to feel the same. Biggest invention since agriculture, math, and language (written and spoken). I think the potential for astoundingly huge societal shifts is directly in front of us. Shifts of magnitude that we haven't seen since those previous inventions or discoveries mentioned above. Anyway, you may find these reads interesting. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 07:28:24
That's a cool story, bro. 
Bitcoin is an immutable public ledger. It's inherent value is based upon the network of people that value it in one way or another. A quickly growing network, I might add. 
It doesn't matter if it's day to day users on the ground, long term speculators, or anything in between. If people *value* it for anything, then it will retain value. 
In the broadest economic sense, the trust that the network has demonstrated to the world is likely where the vast majority of its value is coming in right now. 
Contender after contender has tried, but even the smartest, most powerful, and wealthiest individuals on the planet haven't yet been able to break it or even prevent it from spreading. 
Meanwhile, massive institutions are suffering constant setbacks and exposing their network of users to extreme risk, at best, and devastating loss in many circumstances. 
Entire nation-state currencies and economies have crashed or are actively crashing, centralized databases with even more valuable (personal) information in them are being hacked left and right, yet Bitcoin seemingly remains untouchable. 
No value to it? In what world do you live and how is your value system defined?
@_date: 2017-08-25 07:36:42
What exists in the traditional world that doesn't have massive fluctuations in value these days? Certainly not the US Dollar...
@_date: 2017-09-26 20:10:19
Excellent, thanks for the info! Do you know why the UASF didn't happen on Aug 1st as planned if the potential for the can to be kicked down the road to November was known ahead of time?
@_date: 2017-09-26 18:45:29
I'm still trying to wrap my head around this; still very ignorant to the larger picture. But I hope that someone here can provide some unbiased clarity to the situation. 
The New York Agreement was an agreement by several factions (developers? Other vested interests?) of which two things came out of it:
1. An agreement to implement SegWit
2. An agreement to increase the block size after verified successful implementation of SegWit
Is this summary accurate? 
If so, could someone lend clarity on WHY it's ok to back out of the agreement when half of it has already been fulfilled by one of multiple parties that came to the agreement to begin with? 
If not, would someone be willing to provide an unbiased correction of that understanding?
@_date: 2017-09-21 21:50:21
You don't reserve the right to decide what information everyone else takes in nor what significance anyone places on said information; you can't possibly know who or how many people sold as a result of his comments. 
Dimon is a relevant figurehead in our society, regardless of how anyone personally perceives him or his importance. If he didn't capitalize from the market swing then I don't believe there's a significant issue to resolve. 
However, if he made those comments and then ultimately capitalized on the ensuing market swings, regardless of why someone thinks the market dipped, that's fraud in my opinion. 
Using a position of massive power and influence for his own personal gain at the expense of any and all other parties with vested interests. Really? You see nothing wrong with that, if that was the case?
The US government has allowed purchase and usage of Bitcoin by not regulating against it. As representatives of US citizens, it wouldn't be right for them not to pursue legal avenues to protect its citizens against such manipulation. 
@_date: 2017-09-22 02:32:11
I may have viewed it as "constructive criticism" that might get him to think about what was being said, but I think your comment is fair. If and where I was insulting, I shouldn't have been. 
@_date: 2017-09-19 07:52:12
I often think a fireproof safe isn't enough and have thought about splitting keys between multiple people in different parts of the world. Any random, unconnected friends that I could reach out to independently for half of some random crypto key if I ever needed to due to catastrophic loss of my own personal backups. Of course, I don't have enough of anything to worry about that but it seems like the likely route I would take if I did. Need this market to pick back up like the first half of 2017... 
@_date: 2017-09-28 15:38:04
Based on your comment here, it sounds much more like your mind is made up and you're trying to educate than learn. Also:
"...because it makes the attack on the network very clear."
I think you meant to say that the perspective of it being an "attack" is more apparent to you than the alternative perspective. If you're not certain of it being an attack based on your own personal understanding, then it may benefit you to continue learning more about the technology and worry less about trying to educate on matters that you've admitted you don't fully understand. 
Not trying to be harsh with that statement, but I think it's worth considering. As it is, I appreciate the time you've taken to consolidate the factual portions of your post. I'm also in the process of trying to take in every last bit of information and knowledge that I'm able to, but it feels impossibly difficult to come across an honest discussion that doesn't contain biases and assumptions around the most contentious aspects. 
@_date: 2017-09-29 23:54:00
Excellent explanation. Thanks for taking the time to write it all up!
Tying it back to the larger concept then... I think this is what confuses, or perhaps disturbs, a lot of the people I've read while researching this debate. In the Bitcoin community, I've often seen the two sides of the debate being referenced as China vs US. The arguments that China controls &gt;75% (or whatever the number is) of hash rate, and that Bitmain is a Chinese company that dominates that hardware sector, seem to lend to that perspective anyway. 
If a person sees it that way, I think it's fair for them to push back in the same manner. Namely, if it really *is* China vs US, then the US should have invested in both mining companies *and* mining technologies/hardware a long time ago. Not sure how exactly I feel, but I think that's a valid perspective given the preceding information. 
Because, overall, the argument that China is too powerful in this domain would simply be a product of them working hard to achieve just that. I think that's worthy of commendation just like I do with any other company or industry around the world that I favor. If they've done a good job doing what they do, they deserve some props. 
So... At the heart of Bitcoin, is that the original intent? Or, at least, was it at one time or another? That anyone, anywhere can participate in helping to secure and verify the network? 
I only really started researching this space on Pizza Day this year. I had looked it up a few times in the past but I had only ever, I now believe, come across propaganda telling me how worthless it is or how much of a joke it was if anyone thought it could really work for long. Since then, it seems as if it's come an amazingly long way! But there's a ton of history that might not be so easy to find if people don't know what to look for or where to looks. Articles, forums, social medias, and more. It can be hard to come by answers to questions that might require a certain perspective to even understand what's being asked to begin with. But, in that sense, have the miners ALWAYS controlled Bitcoin - since it first started? Or was there a different mechanism for more shared control at some point?
@_date: 2017-09-04 17:59:12
How do you determine when it's high and a dip is imminent? What happened to those who thought 4500USD was a high and sold before the run up to 5000USD? And now, at 4100-4200USD, do you consider that to be the dip to buy during? What happens if it goes to 3800? 3500? 3000? How do you know when the low is the low? 
I'm looking for you to define smart people as you're presumably one of them. 
@_date: 2017-09-28 17:01:20
Perfect, thanks! 
Do you know if there is any supporting evidence for the claims that larger block sizes will amount to a detrimental impact on the number of unique full nodes that are up and running? 
From the perspective of an IT employee for 10+ years in a massive global company, one "given" that we seem to have had for at least the last 8 years is that "disk space is cheap". The perspective is that, with all other IT concerns being taken into consideration, disk space is the cheapest, easiest, and most trustworthy item to tackle when it comes to scaling operations. Systems management, user training, network connectivity, availability, and more are all much more difficult aspects of the scaling equation to overcome than the need for additional terabytes of storage space. 
Thanks for your input thus far. I'd love to be able to understand the disk space argument relative to my own experience with it. 
@_date: 2017-09-13 20:31:51
I think it would be reasonable, if not expected, to think that most competition in the issuance, banking, and transaction/settlement layer is fairly well stifled. I definitely wouldn't suggest that it's infinite and reasonable for any and all entities to have any expectation of being competitive in those spaces. 
@_date: 2017-09-21 22:03:56
Your lack of basic reading and comprehension skills is abysmal. Your use of ad hominem attacks to support your position is simply something you should be embarrassed about. 
If you care to demonstrate how I'm "wrong" with what you quoted, I challenge you to provide the list of registered names and addresses of all of the entities that decided to sell Bitcoin *because* of his comments. 
If you're unable to do so, perhaps you should take an extra moment to think about what you're trying to communicate before you make an even bigger fool of yourself. 
@_date: 2017-09-29 15:28:50
Please work with me to help me understand, please provide the information that I'm asking for and that you claim I'm lacking, instead of claiming that I'm insisting on anything. I'm not every other person you've ever talked to on here, I'm not every other person or perspective you've ever battled against. It's difficult to learn with so much negativity being directed at people who ask questions. 
@_date: 2017-09-19 07:46:33
@_date: 2017-09-29 15:31:16
What are the downsides if "the legacy chain dies"? Are you able to put that into context for me? If the legacy chain dies, and there exists one chain that's referred to as BTC, what does it mean that the legacy chain dies and what effects does it have on those holding it?
@_date: 2017-09-28 19:13:47
I haven't made a false claim. 
@_date: 2017-09-21 21:58:19
I think the relevant part to keep in mind is that Bitcoin is already regulated with regard to being able to buy it with fiat money and all of the KYC and AML regulations that are placed on exchanges. The same can probably be said about trying to cash out Bitcoin to fiat dollars, though I've stayed away from it for exactly that reason: So I don't need work through a maze of figuring out what I've put in versus what I'm trying to cash out and how it will work with regard to reportable income to the IRS. I don't know this with certainty, but I believe that very concept is why Coinbase is waiting to release BCH funds until Jan 1st. 
Trying to say that Bitcoin isn't regulated is not very accurate or realistic IMO. 
@_date: 2017-10-06 19:09:56
Excellent, thanks for providing some reading! It appears to be about 16 pages at a glance (don't know how much of it may be graphics or source citations), but I look forward to reading it soon!
@_date: 2017-09-26 20:17:38
Ahhhhh ok. Based on what you're saying here, I think I had a high level misunderstanding of what happened (or didn't happen or anywhere in between) on that day.  I was under the impression that the UASF just "didn't happen" at all! Thanks for helping me get up to speed!
@_date: 2017-09-28 15:42:05
Do you have data available on how many full nodes are being operated and maintained?
@_date: 2017-09-28 15:25:49
You said a lot there, but never once touched on some core questions I've had since I began educating myself on the factions within this debate. 
I've seen lots of talk around "centralization" occurring by putting too much power in the hands of the miners. However, mining itself is a completely decentralized activity - is it not?? Anyone from anywhere in the world can participate in mining without a centralized authority anywhere, right?
Please, educate me in this regard if you're able to do so. Why is it more decentralized to concentrate transaction verification into 3rd party groups of people instead of across the vastly decentralized mining community? Am I making any incorrect assumptions in that question and don't even know it??
It seems that the "centralization" concerns regarding mining pertain to 1) a single country hosting a majority of the world's hashrate and 2) a single manufacturer within that country dominating the mining hardware industry. 
Is it not fair (and very decentralized) for this model to continue to proliferate? The code and protocols are solid, right? Anyone can obtain a miner and mine, right? And anyone can compete to manufacture the best miners, right? 
I'm trying to understand why "China" is being blamed for capitalizing on the rules that have always been in place for BTC and why others insist now that the whole concept behind it needs to change. It seems, to me, that the real takeover is that attempt right there... 
From a coding perspective, which I've been doing professionally for over a decade, the change of a 1 to a 2 is a lot less of an upheaval of what BTC is than trying to implement an entirely new layer in place of the existing code? Shouldn't the BTC code be updated only as necessary and 2nd layer solutions, such as segregated off-chain settlement, be done as a truly separate layer? 
If a second layer solution operated its own code, its own coins, and was directly pegged to BTC without destroying the integrity of the current system in place.... what assumptions do I have wrong there? Why would this not be the most logical solution?
I truly am too ignorant in this space to come to my own solid conclusion. Someone, please, if possible, help me (and everyone else) out by providing some rational and informed perspective to the above thoughts and questions. 
@_date: 2017-09-29 15:27:11
Ok, thanks for this detail. I don't know enough about SPV wallet users... Can you explain what SPV is and describe to me how this happens? If people are hodling for the long term in an SPV wallet, are they automatically forced onto the 2x chain? Does it require action on their part, such as trying to transact with their BTC after the split, that causes an issue? Or are they automatically forced onto the 2x split just by doing nothing at all? Looking to understand when and how (under what pretenses) this happens so that I can be sure to know what I want to do or not do as this event (or any future potential fork) approaches. 
@_date: 2017-07-26 14:11:37
Excellent read. I've put together my own thoughts on this subject, but from a slightly different perspective.  I was really hoping to reach the people that don't necessarily know all the ins and outs of the Bitcoin world as well as those who don't have the economic background to see how massively tied together our entire way of life is based on centralized fiat currencies. With any luck, it will be well enough received by even just  one more person to get them interested and involved in this evolving space.
