@_author: marktedraut
@_date: 2018-01-03 14:43:29
True, people should be seeing things from a more rational and objective point of view, struggling to see things behind the veil. However, with this dilution, a lot of companies are deciding to stick either to other altcoins, or to ICO's. Check Cointed, for example - it dealt with BTC in the past but not is solely relying on ICO's. Do you think that this is a winning strategy?
@_date: 2018-01-05 11:38:47
It is a simple economic thing - when one party feels threatened, they will do whatever it takes to survive - even if they're to oppress an ongoing giant. Soon, this will be inevitable but for now - they have the high ground, unfortunately. That's why, folks, just focus on the latest trends on the bull market, invest, and hodl! The economy will fit in the right place at the right time, so let it do its own magic. Until then, I'd focus more on investing and hodling, especially ICO's. I found an interesting one named Cointed, you might want to check it out, I believe its potential will be high. 
@_date: 2018-01-02 12:38:07
It sounds a bit "too good to be true". The technical part behind it is obscure, at least for me, and I feel confused in understanding it. True, it does seem to be beneficial, but how do would you think marketing should work in terms of conveying your message to individual traders in terms of fragmenting the information and explaining it explicitly, yet, understandably? 
@_date: 2017-12-22 12:05:48
Your logic makes sense but let me tell you this: 
- There are a lot of what-if-analysis variables here - let's say, let's suppose... I see your point but in the real world, many things are not constant like the utopic version that you introduced
- Also, miners also have to spent their coins at some point. Otherwise, what's the point in accumulating them if not for the sake of making profit
Otherwise, I agree with you.
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:21:17
With all my respect, I disagree. It is true that people are using it a lot, since we live in the digital age, thus, everyone can try to get rich out of it. But isn't this the case with anything that promises so many things in such a timely manner? Bitcoin has been down a couple of times, thus, I believe that it won't be "dead". On the contrary, many people will still use it in the long-run. Yes, obviously it will not make people billionaires for a couple of weeks - nothing in this world is that easy. If this was the case, we would be all investing and buying coins, rather than going to work from dawn to dusk. :) Mark my words, my friend, BTC will remain for quite some time. Maybe they will be other price fluctuations, who knows - such things are dynamic. But, in the long run, there will be Bitcoin and a lot of people will be using it. By the way, I wonder what your opinion about ICOs is?
@_date: 2017-12-26 10:12:52
Thank you for the story, it is indeed touching. Regards to you and Ukraine! Let me encourage you about something - start considering more ICOs, as they also have a huge potential. One company, called Cointed, had a similar issue, thus, they adopted various lucrative ICOs and now are observing high ROI. Why don't you check it out? Best regards from Britain! 
@_date: 2017-12-21 01:10:49
I endorse the stated above fact. A lot of people are worrying about the price dipping, claiming that "the bubble is about to pop". With all my respect, this is a fallacious statement - Bitcoin is based on people's perception and belief. Thus, regardless of the fact that it has dropped, based on historic cost and future predictions, the price will show increase, once again. 