@_author: markedforless
@_date: 2013-12-19 03:47:13
Please cite the linear connection between behavior and price aside from demand dropping as price increases.
Also, Bitcoin is not a currency it is a commodity. A currency functions as a store of value, medium of exchange, and unit of account. Currently bitcoin operates as a medium of exchange exclusively. It's volatility makes it a relatively weak medium of exchange.
For Bitcoin to become a currency it really will need governmental regulation or some kind assurance of its continued value. Right now it might as well be the Lira or whatever money Hungary was using in world war 2. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 04:50:41
Bitcoin won't be a currency until it has a central bank. I know this defeats the intention of the creators but it is very difficult to stabilize a medium of exchange without a central bank.
 The supply cap it will hit at 21 million coins is also not in its favor as functioning as a currency. Looking at bitcoin as a currency the supply cap is terrifying. Hoarding is the most likely result and hoarding is very, very bad for an economy.
 I think it is short sighted to say that bitcoins are not physical. This is an opinion I just formed so forgive me if it is exceedingly stupid: A digital copy of a song or a film is a real copy. It exists and can be accounted for, it is a product. The companies that produce them are very concerned about them and they have a real financial impact. Bitcoins may be without a physical reality but they do exist. There is a way to produce them, they have a production and an opportunity cost. So bitcoins may not be a commodity by the strictest definition but they are a product by a narrow definition.
@_date: 2013-12-19 04:25:49
I would say laziness is why i did not define commodity. Bitcoin is for sure more complicated than wheat but it is still a commodity for the sake of being able to call it something.
edit: to your point about currencies finding a value relative to other currencies: If something only has value relative to a currency it is not a currency. People are willing to exchange euros, yuan, and yen for things other than other currencies. In fact the same goods are exchanged at different price points in each of these economies because the currencies are worth something independent of each other. Bitcoin is currently only valued by how much of another currency the market is willing to pay for it. Meanwhile 4 years ago I could buy a PS2 in america for 99 US dollars in America and 461 US dollars in Brazil.
@_date: 2013-12-19 17:42:24
I can't heartily disagree. So I won't. Bitcoins are definitely a new thing that does not fit nicely into our current realm of definitions.
@_date: 2013-12-19 03:59:53
I see what you are laying down.