@_author: marketdex
@_date: 2014-10-13 06:21:36
Hi All,
Would like to introduce you all to a alternative thought line to Exchange mechanics by proposing a block based exchange. 
Following is the entire idea.
A Block chain independent of any coin but linked to any coin or having its own coin format
Serving the purpose of exchange.(I.e. Transfer of value)
Network Dependent price discovery.
At technical layer following is the concept -
Forking the blockchain within itself by virtue of Issuers token and definition of Financial Instruments on the block chain.
Trust model of Custodian.
Orders are broadcast within the network.
Price discovery a function of collision of open orders. ( Link Up CSMA/CD )
A Block Chain based decentralised exchange.docx - h
Abstract. A pure peer to peer version of the exchange system would allow all parties access to the market without relying on any central organization for market access. Paper proposes a solution for the problem of maintain an order book and determine the execution rate in the peer to peer network. Like crypto-currencies the network relies on blockchain of transaction. Digital signature system would be the core of the decentralized market place. The paper defines basic ground rules for the working of decentralized exchange. The major components of the decentralized exchange are issuing process, co-existence of blockchain and order books and functions of the miner. Unlike other crypto currencies de-centralized exchange would have a trust based issuing process which in long run would be a sum zero game. The decentralized 
Exchange would have 3 types of entities namely – Issuer, Trader and Miner. 
Any Suggestion or feed back is welcome. 
@_date: 2014-10-13 20:44:47
Hi I had a look at bitshares and other implementations of decentralized exchanges.
@_date: 2014-10-13 20:55:35
Ripple system is dependent on XRP's but a completely decentralized exchange would not have a coin. Instead it would be a issuer who is created out of chain of trust entrusted by issuing token's. The tokens can be used to create and issue Financial instruments. Which can be commodities or currencies or even tickets based on dynamic pricing etc. The issuer can issue the financial instrument only ones he has created. The created FI's are granted to Traders/ Users. The users Broadcast the open orders for One Financial instrument to exchange other financial instrument. When a countering order is met then a execution order is generated which is verified by miners and complied into block chain. The execution order determines price of exchange for two financial instruments. Similarly the market exit could be facilitated by Issue in terms of withdrawal by traders.
Moreover ripple is kinda private controlled. A Dex market system is not meant to be privately controlled but open for all. 
 Smiley
Thanking you 
Market.dex 
@_date: 2014-10-13 20:46:55
All other implementations are coin / token based. The decentralized Exchange does not need a coin to make it self viable. It just has to facilitate a ecosystem for its functions to perform smoothly. :) 