@_author: mark783
@_date: 2013-05-29 02:42:39
The threat comes from the fact that the developers are being paid by one large source.  It's harder to say "fuck your suggestion" to the income source that is supporting your family.
I don't know how anyone could *stop* developers from receiving money from any source, but we can at least not recognize the Foundation and not donate to it.
@_date: 2013-05-29 01:57:32
The Foundation is only a threat if people support it.  I posted this in hopes of dissuading people from supporting it.
@_date: 2013-05-29 01:51:34
What makes bitcoin special is that power over it is decentralized and changes require the adoption of the majority using it.
The difference between individuals donating and a large organization like the Bitcoin Foundation donating is you are not beholden to one source giving you $10 or even $100, but you are to a source giving you $50,000.
1A. Precisely because everyone wants to get rich Bitcoin cannot be controlled by a few individuals.  Decentralized is harder to corrupt.
1B. It seems like a win win situation, and if he was only defending and promoting Bitcoin it would be.  The problem is with the fact that he is paying the developers, and thus obtaining significant power.
Let's look at a hypothetical scenario.  Let's say Bank A is unhappy with how the growing number of Bitcoin transactions are reducing their profits from fees for credit card transactions.  They think of a creative and subtle change to how Bitcoin functions that would reduce its ability to compete with them.  So, they buy a Platinum membership with the Bitcoin Foundation so they can send a representative to attend its board meetings.  Sure, the representative can't vote, but Bank A just paid $100,000 so the other board members will give the representative time to talk and will consider its proposition.  The change Bank A is proposing seems reasonable, and they don't want to lose future funding from them, so they suggest the change to the developers.  The developers don't like the change too much, but Bitcoin development is helping to support their families, and they don't want to lose funding from the Bitcoin Foundation, so they agree to implement the change.
@_date: 2013-05-29 02:07:55
How much the Foundation is paying developers can change over time.  As Bitcoin becomes more and more popular, salaries from the Foundation could very possible rival standard jobs.
I want to nip this thing in the bud before it gets there.
I want to believe Gavin and others would say "no" to things they knew were wrong, but have you never known someone that went against their morals to keep their employer happy?