@_author: markjenkinswpg
@_date: 2019-07-18 14:59:59
Until someone tries to move Etherum to it
@_date: 2019-07-07 19:17:43
Not just first block, claims blocks 1-70 (3500 BTC) are under direct control, the rest (of which there is quite a few) is in the supposed trust.
Our gain if the bigger pile is never put together again.
Don't panic if the smaller pile moves at some point.
Everyone's gain already that Satoshi as a concept is dead. Craig's ideas shouldn't get any more credence if he does a public signing. Bitcoin has to thrive figurehead free, hard as that may be sometimes. Such was the design of having an anonymous creator in the first place.
Bitcoin is a gift that we have made our own. The Satoshi concept was a gift as well, but only the former remains meaningful.
@_date: 2019-07-12 03:40:58
Because Libra will be effectively a Swiss bank with the option to use signatures to move funds around on a public ledger and Calibra (custodial wallet==bank) will be a US bank that banks with Libra.
They're banks because they are counter parties. This is credit money. They owe you.
True crypto currencies act like commodity money like gold with no counterparty.
Edit addition: "the is not money" part is a fairly widely held view that credit money is the only kind of money.
@_date: 2019-07-07 12:31:24
Because the Andresen and Matonis signings were allegedly done with the key co-responding to the first block. Wright claims to be the holder of the first 70 blocks, which equals just 3500 BTC or only around $39 million in value. Those addresses were provided to the court. The real heavy early mining worth billions is after the first 70 blocks which Wright is claiming is locked into his Tulip trust for which he claims to only have some of the relevant master key in the form of Shamir secret parts.
@_date: 2014-02-07 05:28:14
No, burn all the iThings.
The bitcoin situation is just helping all of you realize the more broad evil of the iThings -- that Apple and only Apple determines what you can install. Apple could have made the choice to run the app store under the same restrictive rules and curation while also allowing you to install your own software outside the app store on the side. Instead, they decided the freedom their Mac customers had was not a freedom they would grant in iThingland. It's not like "it's just a phone", these devices are being marketed and adopted as being general purpose computing, yet they're missing one of the most fundamental aspect of general purpose computing. Everyone is a victim whether they know it or not, it's just obvious to us hear in bitcoinland.
So, I say, maim your iThings beyond possible refurb, make for some good public attention if making a video is your thing, then send to an e-waste facility. Friends don't give friends the gift of tyranny. Don't give it to strangers either.
And careful with your Androids everyone. Some of them come locked down without the ability to install arbitrary applications. A very large number of them still come with locked bootloaders, preventing you from installing your own OS, a reserve power you may want to have.
@_date: 2014-09-25 04:37:08
Dear Martin Armstrong,
This is a sensational and inaccurate title. You clearly don't know much about Canada so let me fill you in.
Canada has *deep* diplomatic, military, intelligence, law enforcement and trade relationships with the United States. The governing party takes these relationship very seriously.
If a low level bureaucrat in the civil service were to put out a travel warning like your title implies, there would be an immediate retraction of it ordered from the prime minister's office on down. 
You've clearly got caught up in other people's misleading article titles from Sept 11, 2014 when Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) journalist Neil Macdonald wrote an article /American shakedown: Police won't charge you, but they'll grab your money/. That articles is what deserves to be linked to an discussed.
The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) is not an organ of the Canadian state/government. Canada isn't China. It may be state funded, but the CBC operates at arm's length and is largely staffed by long-tenured people are are largely liberal in outlook.
Many people in this country who are part of the conservative base that supports the party in power would want to fully defund and shut down the CBC if they could. (This would be a losing issue in an election if they did)
Which isn't to say the CBC is completely at odds with everything the government stands for either. Just like private and other public sector mainstream media outlets in Canada and the United States, the CBC does its part to engage in nation building / spreading nationalism and is ultimately loyal to the state, even when occasionally critical whoever is in power. Debate is largely framed in the context of politics and the competing views of the mainstream political parties and their different brands of social liberalism and conservative liberalism.
Neil Macdonald is an exceptional senior journalist at the CBC who is prized by viewers and readers for rocking boats. Unlike most people who rise to the top in the mainstream media as reporters, Neil frequently exercises the independence his position gives him and covers very interesting points of view and facts of importance such as seen here that a lame "he said, she said" reporter would miss out on. Significantly, he always exercises critical assessment of statements by state officials from any country. State officials are not taking a face value.
The idea for doing an analysis piece on the US forfeiture situation would have been his -- probably not brought down on high by senior editors. But, I don't want to give the impression he's a pundit either. As a CBC journalist he would have been subjected to vigorous fact checking on all cited facts in that story. His stories on CBC television are generally not presented as On the evening news cast (/The National/), the anchor generally leads to him with 'now Neil McDonald, our senior Washington correspondent has more". 
Long story short: CBC journalism is independent of the government, Neil McDonald isn't a typical CBC journalist.
@_date: 2014-07-01 03:04:36
They were seized from Ross Ulbricht's laptop, and he claims they are his. The criminal trial has to happen first before they can be forfeited. The recently auctioned coins come from the Silk Road server and nobody claimed them as their own.
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:39:11






You mean the ecosystem built on the kernel named Linux that everyone calls Android?
@_date: 2014-09-25 14:44:37
Amazing example of Neil Macdonald reporting on the 10th anniversary of 9/11.
"American democracy is just a fragile veneer and 9/11 proved that. There are indeed enemies out there, but authoritarianism always stands ready to impose its agenda from within. And a frightened public will let it happen."
@_date: 2014-07-01 14:28:14
Peter Ward was a little late to the party. The civil forfeiture action commenced on September 30, 2013 and the forfeiture order was signed January 15, 2014.
Press release
Judge's order
If you read the order, it says there was a notice for 30 days on  starting on October 18. Nobody stepped up and filed a claim for the silk road server coins in that time period.
(no longer there, though you can see that there is a proceeding against somebody else's 1.5 bitcoin)
The coins on Ulbricht's equipment were seized on  October 24, and he started the process to claim they were his on November 8.
The Peter Ward stories were on and around January 31. As the time he was only considering a lawsuit on the basis that the US court should of personally notified him about the forfeiture proceedings instead of just relying on him having a chance to see the public notice.
Such a lawsuit was going to be a daunting up-hill battle -- and he probably would not not have been able to hold up the auction process but get compensation later.
Was such a lawsuit ever filed? I don't see any subsequent articles. I'm guessing Peter decided not to proceed.
@_date: 2014-01-08 14:44:13
The blockchain provides proof. There are transactions signed with private keys co-responding to a large amount of bitcoin  moving to a new address (new private key) here:
You can't sign a transaction without the private key.
@_date: 2014-11-29 05:03:41
Sorry Coinapult, but I'm going to take this opportunity to tell you publicly in front of the crowd why I won't use your SMS service again.
It doesn't feel very new to me. It was around year ago where your service failed me on two levels at the same time. One failure would have been forgivable, but two at once was too many when combined with some of the other things that went on.
What happened a year ago was I as making some bitcoin available to someone, they paid me in a different irreversible form and I tried to send them BTC with coinapult SMS. The transaction didn't happen. I reported the problem, but within 12 hours I needed to clear things up with my contact and I sent them fresh BTC from a different source in order to save face seeing how I had their payment and a locked-in BTC position to put them in. I made it clear in my trouble ticket to coinapult, *do not let the failed transaction go out to the network* as doing so would leave me in a position where I was double paying my recipient and having to ask for BTC back, creating further embarrassment.
It was many many days later when despite the fact that my trouble ticket had been acknowledged by Coinapult staff, the original transaction was sent to the bitcoin network by Coinapult anyway. (actually went out in multiple parts over a few days...).
So now I was in a position where I needed to ask the recipient to send back to me the extra BTC payment. Unfortunately, my contact was now travelling and away from their bitcoin wallet for several months. Upon the time they said they'd return their contact info no longer works for me and I'm out of touch wondering if I'll ever hear from them again.
Worried I may won't see my BTC back, I end up buying that same amount from the market so that my long term holding position in BTC can be back to where it was and so I can avoid missing out on any price appreciation.
Of course the market didn't move that way in the year that followed...
Fortunately, this wasn't an amount that was too much to lose for me. And fortunately again I managed to re-make contact again and to get my extra BTC back.
Now I'm holding a little bit more BTC than I wanted to hold and waiting to see if the market will ever get back to the price of that additional entry point so I can sell and return to my original position without a loss.
If bitcoin fails and I lose this additional amount invested, it won't be too big a deal , but not taking a larger than original position is an important discipline for me (don't want to make a habit of buying more and more) and it bugs me on a pyschological level that I feel stuck with that enlarged position. (taking a loss would feel worse)
But I would have been absolutely devastated if if I had not taken this extra position, bitcoin had gone to the moon and if my contact had gone away forever or was unable to pay me back (lost key + major price appreciation)
Just knowing how painful things could have been in that scenario leaves me with no trust. I could move on and work with you again if it were just a situation where your transaction system failed but where my cancel request was handled right. I could also live with some other situation where customer service fails to act on my instructions.
But this was a distressing combination of two Coinapult failures at once for me followed by a lot of uncertainty over an entire year about what my position in BTC  was or wasn't.
Now, I understand folks are going to say, "if its so important, don't trust your BTC to an intermediary." That risk I managed within a level of tolerance, I only funded my Coinapult account prior to my failed SMS transaction 6 or so hours prior to needing it. Had Coinapult gone out of business and lost my funds in that short amount of time, it would have been no big deal for me to replace that BTC and regain my position. The counterparty risk was completely worthwhile for the opportunity to do an SMS payment.
Counterparty risk is different from the risk that your payment provider is going to do payment in a non-atomic way (works or fails, not fails and works later despite my cancel attempt). I wouldn't have expected that.
It was a real pain because of the uncertainty it left me with over a large span of time.
@_date: 2014-05-21 23:28:03
Your fiancee is doing you a favour. Without a pre-nuptual agreement your marriage has this kind of implication anyway -- she's warning you about some family law implications you have not considered.
I'm going to assume the law is similar where you live as it is here in Manitoba, Canada, which as far as I know is similar to much of Canada, USA, and Europe. (Quebec I'm told is different) . Any increase in net worth during the course of the marriage is to be shared equally. Divorce isn't even required -- a spouse can request (and force through the courts) a division (redistribution) of assets at anytime during the course of the marriage to ensure she has access to and use of net gains in assets during the marriage.
If she's asking for more than that -- a share of the assets your're bringing *in* to the marriage (that are not co-mingled with family affairs like a car or house), then she's the one effectively asking for more than family law would entitle her to normally, so she's the one asking for a pre-nuptual agreement here.
But, then there's the common law factor. Here in Manitoba living together with a kid for a year or without for three years puts you into the same family law property boat as married people unless you had a co-residence agreement upfront. Other jurisidictions are much the same as far as I know.
So, depending on local law she may already be entitled to half of all capital gains your bitcoin has made since you became common law! If this is the case and if you're a perma-bull I for the sake of your relationship hope you can convince her not to force you to cash out and to keep these gains in bitcoin.
You should ensure she has access to your bitcoin in event of death or incapacity. And, assuming you're not going to exclude capital gains income during the course of the marriage with a pre-nup, you should take steps that would allow provide a means at the conclusion of proceedings that would allow (it's understandable if she's nervous that you have an appreciating assset that can be locked up in brain wallet land). Perhaps with these things in place she will be happy not to have day to day access. Perhaps a safety deposit box registered in your name only (with her listed to have fast access in event of incapacity or death) with private keys and or deterministic seeds on paper is the way to do this. (That way you don't have to be awake all night worrying about her ability to manage a private key and/or seed)
And, assuming you're not trying to pre-nup capital gains during the course of your marriage, you should tell her that you respect her right to do whatever she wants with her half of those any capital gains made during the marriage (and possibly during the common law relationship you've had so far if applicable). This allows her to rediversify her gains if she doesn't want to be too heavy in crypto. Example: You have 100 BTC @ $500 when you get married (or when common law relationship begins). Now, suppose the price doubles during course of marriage and/or common law relationship. That's a capital gain of $50,000, half ($25,000) of which she is entitled to ask for. Let her know that you'll respect her if she's not as bull and wants to realize capital gains from time of time.
If doing so isn't going to upset your relationship, talk to a local family law lawyer.
(though she doesn't have to know you've talked to a lawyer if you do just to understand the local law and don't come back from that conversation asking for a pre-nup)
@_date: 2014-09-25 15:42:02
Not only is the CBC at arms-length, but as I've gone on at length elsewhere in the thread, Neil Macdonald is also a very independently minded senior reporter who likes to question power.
Bitcoiners may enjoy his analysis of quantitative easing:
Including a 20 minute documentary, The Monarchs of Money
Also interesting, here's a critique of the prime minister:
@_date: 2019-11-04 16:46:07
A clean link instead of a photo/scan.
@_date: 2017-01-27 06:21:04
This is a standoff.
On one side, some miners who want a blocksize increase badly enough to support a hard fork that wouldn't get core's support and a lot of other miners and users along the way.
On the other side, some users frustrated enough with capacity issues that they would support a hard fork to end run the miners and get any kind of capacity increase through.
And most miners and users at the moment with their guns left at home, standing on the sidelines, not participating in the standoff. Problem is, as capacity issues continue and both sides find this more upsetting, there's a greater risk that one side amasses a big enough crowd and starts firing its guns, potentially before the other side realizes its out matched to surrender early.
There will be blood in the streets. (and the tickers)
A classic example of a collective action problem.
Centralized authorities are very adept at solving collective action problems, including telling people to not have armed standoffs by having a monopoly on force. Their ability to do this isn't all bad. I think U of Toronto  philosophy professor Joseph Heath has a good point when he says civilization has been built on the ability of the state to solve collective action problems.
(I highly recommend two of his non-academic books: Filthy Lucre: Economics for People Who Hate Capitalism [also published under the title Economics without Illusions: Debunking the Myths of Modern Capitalism] and Enlightenment 2.0: Restoring sanity to our politics, our economy, and our lives)
This is the most difficult collective action problem that bitcoin has ever faced.
Just to make it tougher, we actually have more than two choices for first action: a block size increase, SegWit, or both at the same time. Here's a unsolvable problem for decentralized systems, there exists no perfect voting system to pick from 3 or more choices if there isn't a stable majority preference. This is the Condorcet paradox.
(Heath also has a good lay explanation in a cut chapter "more democracy" from Filthy Lucre that's on his website)
What if a majority of users prefers block size increase alone over just SegWit... and a majority prefer both over just a blocksize increase and a majority prefer just SegWit over both... (or changing the direction, a majority prefer just SegWit over just the blocksize increase, but a majority prefer both over just SegWit, and a majority prefers just a blocksize increase .over doing both)
As I started writing this out, I though, wait, maybe preferences can actually be transitive instead of cyclic here.. doing both at the same time in a hard fork seems like a compromise... but it's trouble if there's a majority that says "hard forks are hard, just do the block size to keep it simpler, including SegWit makes this hard fork so much hard to pull off..." or a majority that says "hard forks are hard, maybe we'll get there some day, but get through the easy SegWit soft fork first..."
Hard to know if preferences out there are cyclic or transitive or someday will becomes transitive enough for one solution to win out.
Or one posse decides its big enough and guns start blazing.
@_date: 2017-08-05 14:13:56
Maybe is saving his powder until the segwit2x hardfork where there will be potentially be a lot of others taking the same action.
But, BCH has kind of stolen the thunder having launched with a lot more interest than others expected. Perhaps Roger is waiting to see how the winds blow on that.
If the community splits in three directions instead of two, Roger could be forgiven for just sitting on the sidelines with all three balls. It's hard to say "okay, I'm taking a strong financial action to support the big block cause" when the big block cause is itself divided into one chain that has already forked and another one with its hard fork already scheduled. Was much easier to promise financial warfare in support of big blocks when there was still hope of a unified big block hard fork.
Are there any signs on the two blockchains of any other major whales splashing heavy their opinion by making a big BCH--&gt;BTC or BTC--&gt;BCH  trade yet?
@_date: 2019-02-05 16:35:22
Late founder/ceo was the only director/officer. Source, widow's affidavit:
That being said, it seems like there was somebody else in the company who was the  staffer who should let it be known if they ever tried to talk to the boss about bus factor on the cold wallet. If they never pushed the boss on that an apology at least is owing for the negligence in that regard.
@_date: 2019-02-05 16:46:28
And here's where the affidavit talks about Reddit:


@_date: 2015-08-03 19:09:17
Hold on. You say you traded XRP for "btc (in my RT account)". This doesn't show a solid grasp of how Ripple works.
Ripple is a credit network. XRP is the neutral native crypto currency of that network, but any other currency doesn't exist in Ripple in the abstract.
Denominations of everything else in ripple is credit (debt), meaning at some point you implicitly or explicitly stated that you trusted a specific counter party to hold BTC on your behalf and then you executed a trade of XRP for BTC with that counter party.
You need to figure out who that counter party is, figure out what their particular redemption requirements are, and communicate with them. Don't assume a ripple to btc bridge as baked into the client/protocol is the only way out, your BTC counter party may allow you to create a pure ripple transaction to a specific address that as far as the ripple network is concerned ends their BTC debt to you, but as per that counter parties policies triggers them to make the BTC available to you through their own (outside of Ripple) platform.
At worst you can figure out who the BTC counter party is by probing the ripple protocol to get the ripple address of that counter party. Hopefully folks on ripple.com/forum and xrptalk.org can help you if need be.
You may not have to have to use the rippletrade.com client with all its restrictions. I'm not up to date on the latest, but there were other folks putting up their own forked ripple clients. Ask the forums.
The Ripple network itself doesn't restrict which clients can connect and transact. It's the actual counter parties on Ripple who each set their own policy as to what sorts of KYC processes they want you to have gone through to do business with them. I believe Ripple Labs was also putting out a desktop client that was very different from the ripple trade client at one point.
To use another client, you'll need your underlying Ripple private key, don't expect the old fashioned username/password pair you use on Ripple Trade to work.
So the devil is in the details. Who are the counter parties with debts to you, what are their respective policies?
If you're looking for a fast track to avoid dealing with the counter parties, you may actually find quicker salvation if there is someone else who trades with your same BTC counter party and has a trade posted on the network for XRP!
Why would you want to trade back to XRP?! Because, as the native currency that is counter party free, and can be transmitted direct between accounts with the right client and private key to anyone on the network. This gives you much more flexibility.
For example, shapeshift.io is a website that will give you  a ripple address to send XRP to and they will send you BTC and the trade and BTC aspect is done entirely off the ripple network. Basically you're choosing to make them a counter party (recorded in their own system) for a few seconds while they validate receiving the XRP and then they send you BTC.
Another example, an old ripple site that isn't in to KYC is dividendrippler.com. They don't require a restricted ripple client. You could trade your XRP with BTC owing to you by Dividend Rippler and then use their withdrawl process. (heads up, it takes an accountless approach that takes some getting used to).
I believe there are other alt coin places that do XRP trading as well. Do your homework.
Wherever you trade, look at the order book very carefully. If a particular market for trading XRP to BTC is very thin, you could end up with a lot of slippage and not get a good price for your XRP.
Trader beware.
@_date: 2015-07-23 18:02:51
Miner/user symbios indeed.
Ideal scenario is to come to the point where a mining and economic majority are aligned and are working to bring an economic and mining minority in-line.
As miners start putting intention signals in the blockchain as per BIP 101 or others, it will be time for stakeholders to start signaling intentions with their stakes.
@_date: 2019-06-30 15:13:05
One thing I've done as a Linux user when feeling extra paranoid before generating keys is add to the system entropy pool by writing dice rolls to /dev/random
\# echo 1 6 4 6 2  &gt; /dev/random
Linux combines this with all of the other entropy sources it relies on like network packet arrival times and so on and mixes it all up with a hash function.
@_date: 2015-07-23 18:00:01


My view exactly. Time for a website where holders can send out a signal as to how they will act after the miners mine such blocks.
@_date: 2015-07-23 10:21:09
Somebody always becomes the bagholder (down the line).
This is my point, trading for goods, services, or another currency (e.g. going direct to an exchange) are all equivalent. If you're in a fighting spirit, do one of those equivalent things with your carefully forked deadcoin when the time comes.
All this talk of economic warfare may sound like an invitation to very volatile times. My hope is that a clear economic majority pledging itself in this manner will help most of the economic minority see their preferred chain as a non-starter and it won't take too many forked coins coming to market in the minority chain to get the few remaining hold outs to either wave their flag and/or become irrelevant.
@_date: 2015-07-23 17:35:22
That will be part of it indeed. The way I see it, such exchanges will carry three coins, NeutraCoin (exists on both chains), ChainACoin, and ChainBCoin.
If your deposit transaction is found on both chains you are credited with NeutraCoin. Upon deposit your can request that on-chain transactions be created to give you an equal amount of ChainACoin and ChainBCoin instead. (will involve some waiting as per the process I described) Then you can trade your ChainACoins for B etc.
Or immediately trade your NeutraCoins for a higher number of ChainA/BCoins if such an offer is available on the order books. (You never want to trade NeutraCoins for smaller number of ChainA/BCoins)
Others may opt to do the splitting on their own to avoid the counterparty risk and trade directly with a more trusted counter party that isn't an exchange of the type above.
@_date: 2019-12-29 15:42:06
Face to face cash deals are no longer a thing there.
@_date: 2015-08-03 20:51:41
Here's a ripple client that has been updated recently that isn't RippleTrade. Very barren, but does the trick
@_date: 2015-07-23 15:58:46
Let's not underestimate the symbioses. Miners provide a very valuable service. BIP 101 has them cast votes for a good reason.
The problem is that both miners and users alike can make all the public declarations they like, with economic actors going so far to pledge their coins to war as I've described, but when push comes to shove everyone has the ability to panic and switch sides or go neutral at the last minute. There's no way to lock everyone in and ensure unity unless you turn to the ideas around putting some kind of prediction market into the blockchain. (which also requires a hard fork)
If you're in the economic majority, it's very desirable to have a signal that most miners will be with you right away for holding your camp together. People transacting on the new chain want to know from minute 0 that the network is secured and not subject to 51% attacks. Reducing uncertainty on the outcome is important.
This isn't to say that the economic majority has to passively wait for the miners to start expressing their willingness to move on the blockchain. The economic majority can make the first signaling moves, signing messages like I've said that declare that coins won't be neutral and will be forked and dumped on the "wrong" chain if required.
The miners will have to respond to such signals if there are a significant amount of coins being pledged to war.
This isn't just an approach for those in support of a blockchain raise. If there's actually a quiet economic majority in favour of not hard forking at this time, and if it expresses that clearly by pledging its substantial coins for war, miners will have to respond to that as well and back-off a hard fork.
@_date: 2015-07-23 16:04:02
Exactly. If you sit neutral on both chains you risk this outcome. If you pledge to put your coins into motion than the economic minority will be more short lived. The quicker the better.
My hope is that most can simply just pledge this kind of war and never have to carry it out as just the weight of the declared coins that could go on the move will be enough to put fear into the economic minority.
@_date: 2015-08-03 19:58:17
Seeing how you mentioned it, is btc2ripple the counter party you hold btc with?
It is that particular gateway (BTC counter party) that is ceasing to interact with US customers Sept 1st. You have time to sort this out, don't panic.
Apparently the actual counter party involved in the end though when using that service is SnapSwap....
So it's probably a matter of figuring out how to either trade back to XRP with a non-crippled ripple client with another SnapSwap user, or being in touch with SnapSwap as to what you need to go through with them for redemption of your SnapSwap BTC. Good news here is that we're talking US business, US customer.
@_date: 2015-07-23 16:44:04
The word "mob" may actually be apt here. But, don't think loud crowd with pitch forks as we have on the forums. Think cartel.
The coins are very unevenly distributed. The pre-fork, economic signaling mechanism I'm proposing will get most of its coin weight from big holders. Some of those holders are deposit institutions like exchanges, so the one true mob moment will be the forum posts urging withdrawals once these institutions take such positions. The addresses that they pledge to any one side of the fight will then be a lot smaller.
This situation is coming down to a economic proof of stake vote with all of the cartel-formation downsides that proof of stake entails. It's not pretty, but there's no talking it back. The one upside on public perception is that if lots of coins are pledged to war, the market will clear in favour of one and only one chain very quickly and people will be able to say "the market worked it out".
Yes, the world will see that a cartel formed and pushed its coin weight around. But, stake based cartels are very hard to form and hold together, so hopefully people will understand that just because such a cartel formed around block size doesn't mean it can easily form around any other issue.
Who's to say by forum noise alone that the economic majority favours BIP 101 over the status quo? (not sure if those are the two options to ideally put to vote)
Some off chain proof of stake signaling is equally an opportunity for major coin holders opposed to a particular blocksize hard fork to stake vote their opinion and willingness to fight.
Similarly, we may discover that a big block cartel is all hot air and lacks the unity of bite to get the job done. My thesis is that it is not a strong enough signal to pledge to run a particular node and just ignore the other chain as long as there are other economic actors still on it. Ditto for the other side. Pledging to fork coins and dump the unfavoured one is a much more powerful signal.
It's going to take a lot of coin weight signaled as I've described to make this happen. I agree that too many neutral, unpledged coins makes for a risky situation for any cartel to ignore.
A winning cartel needs to be very very big, very willing to stick together, and very willing to fight. I don't believe one exists until some signatures attached to very big stake are made.
@_date: 2015-07-20 18:58:57
I have an idea. First some background.
There are two key species in a symbiotic relationship. Both get their say.
Users of the currency tracked on the blockchain need the miners to secure the blockchain so as to avoid 51% attacks and double spends. Miners need the users of the currency to make the block rewards they mine valuable through their economic activity.
Adoption/rejection of a hard fork is a three step process:
1. Miners casts votes in the block chain on where they'd like to go
2. If and when the blockchain forks due to above, the users of the currency put their economic might behind their preferred chain.
3. Miners will mine where it makes economic sense, regardless of what votes they cast in 1
As such, the miners have the first vote, the economic users ratify or reject that decision, and the miners then fall in line where the mining income is to be found.
Allow me to elaborate on what economic might entails. Almost nobody wants there to be two chains that have economic life by way of economic actors existing on both. There's going to be a lot of pain if bitcoins market cap is diluted into two chains, the sum of the two will be less than the whole.
To avoid there being two chains with economic life, what you want to have happen is for economic actors who support the economic minority chain to face economic devastation for doing so.
This means, everyone with a strong opinion one way or another needs to pledge themselves to not hold coins on both chains. If you want to see one chain fail economically, as soon as both chains exist you should create new keys and make a transfer to yourself. In the case of a blocksize fork, co-ordinate with other users, do all your sends at the top of the hour or something so that the chain using small blocks ends up with full blocks.
Now verify, was your transaction included in the chain with big blocks but excluded on the chain with small blocks? If not, try again at the next timing point. If it worked, create a third keypair, send to yourself again from the original block chain to this new address. Include a hefty fee. Confirm this transaction is included and confirm that you now control your coins on each chain with different keypairs.
Long story short, do whatever it takes to double spend so that you can control your coins with different key pairs on each chain.
Now comes the fun part. Find the economic actors who are using the chain you don't like. Call their chain shitcoin. Take your shitcoins and dump them for goods, services, and other currencies (perhaps even your fav version of bitcoin) via those economic actors who are allowing shitcoin to have any breath of life.
If there is strong economic majority willing to push its coins around like this as economic warfare, the price of shitcoin will fall as supply exceeds demand. Miners on the shitcoin chain will switch for better mining profits. Economic actors will see the ship sinking and switch. The economically weak coin will spiral downward.
What we all need to know is, is there a strong economic majority willing to put this kind of weight behind an option.
My idea, set up a website where people can submit a standardized message signed by their bitcoin keys to signal "these coins will not sit neutral on both chains, I will turn them into new addresses on each chain and dump economically hard against the chain I'm against, and hold on the chain I support".
Such a website would make the respective public keys and signed messages available for download so people can verify for themselves that actual bitcoin holders have signed them and how much bitcoin those addresses have in hand, ready to dump on the chain opposed.
I don't know if I have the time to make this real. I got a little excited posting this and went for the sale Namecheap is having on .xyz domains and bought economymajority.xyz.
Aside from all the development required, such a site needs two things to take off. 
First, there needs to be a clear two option question to vote on. Currently there are multiple blocksize proposals . For this to work, the community needs to get to the point where there are only two options. (the status quo need not be one of the options them, if pretty much everyone agrees the status quo is bad and some kind of hard fork required, there could be two competing hard forks that everyone gets behind)
When there is more than two options, finding a strong majority for one of them is harder. Collective preferences can be circular, e.g. A beats B, B beat C, C beats A. See:
Second, for marketing someone with a lot of prominence and a lot bitcoin under their control is going to have to cast a strong vote one way or another. Should the plan for such a site be "build the site first and hope they come" / (beg them once available)  or "find a whale ready to make a big signature and use their big vote as the reason to launch the site and collect some more".
Should this be its own post?
@_date: 2015-07-23 18:30:42
Thank you for your thoughts everyone.
In the interests of my time I won't be responding to any further comments for at least a few days -- not ignoring anyone.
I like how one poster triggered the word cartel in my mind.
This is what I want, a clear economic cartel ready to use its coins as weapons in favour of a specific direction and alignment with the majority miners on the matter so we don't end up with two coins with their own economic life.
Cartels are of course very hard to form and maintain. If it happens at this point in the life of bitcoin it will be an extraordinary thing.
Until we ask for some real stake based signals on intentions, we're not going to know if it's possible.
For all we know, an economic majority will come out of the woodwork ready to economically fight against BIP 101 and similar. Don't assume the economic majority is in favor, real stake based signatures are the only things that count at the signaling stage. Coins on the move will be what counts in the post-fork stage.
Or we'll quantify what many have been saying, that bitcoin is too mature and too widely distributed for a cartel on this question to form. If too many of the coins are neutral by abstaining to sign their stake the uncertainty will also be quantifiable.
It would be very scary to see a hard forked pushed ahead without a lot of stake ready to economically back it by way of dumping on the other side. This could wake-up the known neutral coins without anyone knowing where they're headed.
The chess player in me worries that they'll create a drawn position long enough to make the outcome of two surviving coins seem probable.
I want the moment to come pre-fork where almost everyone says "we concede, only one chain will survive" or "we concede, both chains will survive if this happens, more discussion must be had".
@_date: 2018-03-10 21:10:07
Using the platform in the way the designers intended it is good advice for anyone else doing face to face cash. If escrow is enabled on such trades (its not by default) the bitcoins are locked in and the buyer can just not show up to the meeting and file a claim on the transaction, claim the seller didn't show and someone from local bitcoins could end up mediating who tells the truth, a job that's hard enough when online txs are the thing, but pretty much impossible when we're talking face to face meetings and cash changing hands.
I don't know why localbitcoins even has the ability to let sellers step into that feature on face to face cash trades. It's a trap! Maybe the idea is that the seller can introduce escrow if the parties agree to switch to online instead of face to face cash (as may have been initially initiated).
Thanks for sharing your bad experience as a warning to others. It's unfortunate to hear that this misfeature (option to add escrow for face to face), which imperils sellers who make the mistake of using it pre-meeting also is buggy and puts sellers into an even worse bad position where a meeting takes place, cash changes hands, seller does release, platform breaks and possibly seller refunds cash but the bitcoin stays in a position where the buyer can go after it either via either the escrow process or a messed up release going through eventually.
This is unfortunately where software bugs appear and systems break, when people click through to the less than tested and well designed edge cases. The option to add LB escrow to face to face cash where it isn't designed to be a thing is one of those.
I'm in total agreement that people can't just say, move BTC through another platform. Yes, LB takes 1% by facilitating a face to face trade, but one of the value-adds people should be able to expect to get from that is an instant and bugless release of BTC from buyer LB account to seller LB account. In so far as the platform works correctly, this allows buyer and seller to meet quickly, do the atomic swap dance and both walk away knowing tx is finalized and irreversible.
The other value add is that transactions on the platform contribute more to on platform feedback scores / reputation.
A downside to using the platform for the BTC side of face to face cash is that the buyer then becomes disappointed that the platform has to deduct a network related fee on withdrawl.
I hope LB resolves this for you and as a side-effect that anyone reading protects themselves from buyer risk and platform risk by not adding escrow to  face to face cash transactions where it provides nobody with value and and only potential bad consequences for a seller.
@_date: 2018-03-09 05:28:20
The escrow feature isn't appropriate for face to face cash trade and isn't enabled by default on such trades for good reason. Releasing the BTC should be an atomic action, releasing the cash is an atomic action, no need for arbitration (which escrow includes) after the fact
@_date: 2016-05-30 14:45:00
CPU mining is not profitable even with free electricity. CPUs have acquisition, maintenance, repair, and operations costs.
Even "free" e-waste CPUs normally have acquisition costs of transport and communications efforts. And even if try to cut those acquisition costs and by running "e-waste" drop off depo in the front office of your mining facility and do no marketing of said drop-off point beyond an initial word of mouth seed,  you still have to have receiving people run said desk and sort out useful equipment from bad.
Good luck getting enough volume of top of the line CPUs through the door. There are other social uses for CPUs, and relatively new ones are either sold into the secondary market or given away to close relations or groups and not some random mining facility.
Also, good luck on the huge facility rental (CPUs take up more space for the same hashing density) and HVAC costs, just to hint at the tip of the iceberg on operating costs.
@_date: 2016-05-30 14:58:36
And come to think of it, any hobbiest doing CPU mining on free electricity out of their home should at least transfer a reasonable share of their personal housing costs as being part of the business expense, so possibly not profitable with a fair accounting covering that as well.
@_date: 2016-05-03 12:25:44
Why would Gavin be able to trust the associated GPG key? Is there a clear web of trust between keys he trusts and the Electrum one?
Electrum.org could just as well post that they don't believe their server was compromised that day and serving something else up.
@_date: 2016-05-31 00:22:23
And myself and other people are saying that profitability is a function of electricity price, difficulty, acquisition, maintenance, repair, and operational costs, including access to space.
The more marginal the equipment, the more these other expenses beyond electricity start to make up a significant part of the profit margin. (edit: or even unprofitability)
@_date: 2016-07-08 13:47:59
Ah, misunderstood the context. Thought you were saying, with so many options going away, don't forget cavirtex...
@_date: 2016-05-30 14:50:03
Before anyone says "but hobbiest time is 'free'", just remember that there are other plenty of more lucrative hobby businesses. Amazon Mechanical Turk just came to Canada and someone I know made $0.50 in a few days. Much more lucrative than any CPU mining operation I could do with my free time.
@_date: 2016-07-08 12:31:01
You mean Kraken. (bought cavirtex).
@_date: 2013-08-16 04:11:21
To provide a little more info, at Skullspace we've got a great net connection, some solid WiFi, lots of table space and available electrical outlets.
And, come say hi to the 5.0GH/s BFL miner that was donated to us. That's why I'm hosting this market, to help the organization sell off the mining profits we've made in the last few weeks.
Will probably do this again next month to sell off further mining profits.
@_date: 2013-10-23 17:48:33
Virtex has EFT withdraw which should work with most or even all Canadian banks, credit unions included. They'll tell you when you try to register it. Withdrawl fee: $6, trade fee 1.5%.
As for CanadianBitcoins.com, what's wrong with being sent a cheque? I think for a charge they cancel and re-send in the rare event of a mis-delivery. You should feel more upset by the slippage from their spread.
You can also lock in your gains by selling on any exchange you can trust and leaving the proceeds there, and then use them to re-buy and withdraw bitcoin some other time when you've got a good time and place to sell it such as contacts you make on localbitcoins.com or with a local meet up group. Beware of registration requirements or withdrawl delays imposed on new users at some places. (virtex notably doesn't require anything like this for bitcoin withdrawl)
@_date: 2013-08-16 03:43:20
Ah, yes, my 2pm bitcoin event hasn't made it to the calendar yet... I should bug someone.
Noon-8pm appears on our calendar every month on the 3rd Saturday as our monthly hackathon / open house day (non-members welcome to walk in unaccompanied).
This is a day where many of Skullspace's member show up, work on projects, and sometimes we organize a bunch of talks. This month is going to be pretty quiet, as far as I know, my bitcoin market at 2pm is the only organized/planned activity that day at the space.
Perhaps extra super quiet -- the Skull Camp item that appears at 9am and spans to the end of Sunday is a bunch of the members going camping.
@_date: 2013-10-16 03:23:17
Got US customs in Winnipeg's airport too.
@_date: 2013-12-03 22:57:23
Makes sense unless you're "all in" in the most extreme way where you divert almost all of your income to savings in bitcoin to the point where you don't really have discretionary spending at all.
Taken further, you wouldn't be reading this forum, you'd probably be spending almost every waking hour working to earn income to grow your bitcoin savings while its cheap. You'd probably re-locate to where you'd make the most too.
@_date: 2013-10-16 03:41:17
At least the TSA doesn't operate in Canada for the sake of flights going into the US.
@_date: 2013-10-23 20:14:04
I'll weigh in here seeing how I don't qualify for a direct reply to the CMV post yet.
I'm hoping bitcoin does well relative to where it is now, but I think it is unlikely that bitcoin could ever reach the kind of adoption levels that would make it a macro economic threat as imagined.
Don't underestimate the power of states to maintain their power. It will depend on how they exercise that power.
If they're wise, they'll put out centrally issued crypto fiat. With the Canadian Mint seriously looking at this on an experimental level (MintChip), this is no science fiction. Properties I would imagine it having:
 * Non-anonymous, one-time identify registration through your bank (what you already go through to open a bank account in the first place)
 * Support via regulated banks for fast conversion of cash or credit fiat holdings to crypto fiat
 * Cash like properties of irreversibility, transfer under direct control of user to any user, perhaps even supporting supporting small transactions without internet with double-spend accountability tied to identity
This feature set will not be a threat to the ability of states to collect taxes as long as taxation remains spread out at into different areas (property, sales, excise, income, corporate) as this reduces the incentive to cheat a single one. The centralized and public nature of business and land means random check ups for tax compliance aren't too hard, and with most income centralized as employment this remains so.
(if we're all independent contractors living in tiny shacks on tiny plots trading abstract goods like dance routines, then okay, no one can catch us hiding income and sales)
States can get away with inflating their fiat currencies at low levels and maintain the loyalty of the majority of the population which spends what it earns in reasonable time frames and doesn't feel too closely the inflation pinching them as an additional form of taxation. That population will by and large chose the convenience offered by a state crypto fiat for those transactions.
Some savers will be like today's gold buyers and buy bitcoin as a stable inflation proof but less convenient to use asset to park their wealth (that is, crypto fiat being more convenient for most people) . A larger number of them will continue to make real investments if good returns relative to inflation remain available.
The state has a major role to play in the last part too. A healthy social infrastructure makes for a healthy real investment environment. Contrary to libertarian fantasy, capital and the state work in concert.
@_date: 2013-06-23 15:11:03
Wikileaks is assisting Edward Snowden to safety.
Time to flip some Bitcoin their way:
@_date: 2013-10-29 21:29:34
Wow, Max and Stacy badly mis-hyped bitcoin adoption in Kenya. The centralized M-PESA system is huge there, but the efforts by Kipochi to bring access to bitcoin is still a new thing.
Articles with headlines like this don't help
they put in a correction for their over-hype, but never fixed their misleading headline. "One Third of Kenyans Now Have a Bitcoin Wallet"
@_date: 2013-09-28 16:48:36
The rippling of IOUs is the core feature. Rip that out and you might as well start from scratch.
We live in a world of both cash and debt, both of which of are of great social significance. Bitcoin is cool because it is decentralized digital cash. Ripple is cool because it opens up the world of credit/debt transfer up to everyone through a unified, fast system. (a wire transfer for example is a multi-day process of banks making debt trade phone calls to each other).
Even if you think we would all be better off to have a cash-only, debt free society, you have to at least consider that a significant reform and democratization of debt and credit is a useful change until then.
The rippling is an essential part of how distributed trading on Ripple can happen, for example, if you and I both trust bitstamp for USD and BTC denominated debt, we can ripple through a trade that leaves you with more USD owed to you by bitstamp (less to me) and me more BTC owed to me (and less to you) . The trade engine here is the distributed network of ripple validators (everyone can run one now), bitstamp ends up only involved in redemption of debts people have with it.
Thanks to the bridge protocol, this could be a real boon to BTC only merchants. You'll be able to put "pay me in BTC via Ripple" button on your checkout and end up with real BTC cash on hand as follows: your customer follows the link, which triggers their Ripple client (currently heavy javascript browswer-side) -- they say that they want to pay your bitcoin address, the Ripple network finds the best combination of rippling and trading and a bitcoin bridge like Bitstamp sends out a bitcoin transaction to the bitcoin network. Note that you don't even have to trust Bitstamp or any Ripple participant for this to work as you're not handing over goods until this network brings real bitcoin to you.
The bridging protocol + trading is going to go the other way too, you'll be able to use bitcoin to pay people who only want fiat denominated debt on Ripple.
Even major bitcoin boosters like myself are going to be in to this -- I've got a certain amount of bitcoin I'm holding for investment purposes, and a certain amount of USD debt I'm holding for purchasing and trading purposes. When I want to buy something in BTC, I end up replacing that amount of used BTC immediately by selling fiat debt I keep on an exchange. When I do BTC&lt;--&gt;fiat trades for fun with people in real life, I make an equal and opposite trade on an exchange so that I continue to hold the same amount of BTC. If I didn't hedge like this, my purchases and trades would depend on exchange market conditions, any "extra" bitcoins I acquire for buying and trading could be locked in during a bear market (like we had a few months back) while I wait for the price to jump back up again.
So, as someone who already trusts other people to hold USD on my behalf for hedging reasons, Ripple is going to simplify this process and help me find the best possible trade.
And it eventually may even help people like me who don't want to do the new KYC requirements at Bitstamp. I never need to actually withdraw or deposit USD at bitstamp, I just want to buy USD denominated debt with bitcoin sometimes and get real bitcoin back another time. Thanks to Ripple, I can deposit bitcoin at a less AML/KYC oriented place like  , and ripple through people who trust Dividendrippler and Bitstamp for whatever competitive fee they offer for brokering, and end up with Bitstamp USD.
As for the XRP native cash currency, you could try to replace that, but to avoid DDOS and spam you'd have to replace it with proof of work in the spirit of bitmessage and hashcash to protect the network. Given the diversity of devices people own, this is a hard thing to calibrate, and you lose the ability to have your transaction happen as fast as validators can reach consensus (which is also a huge part of the code), you're adding in that hash generation time.
You could rip out the consensus code and make validators communicate in the style of bitcoin mining / block generation, but then the time between blocks would create problems that don't exist in a cash only system like bitcoin where every transaction is from one party to another -- when you're rippling through a chain of people who have credit limits controlling the extent of their participation in rippling, it's a problem if someone else wants to use that same chain of rippling during the same block generation time and there is only have enough credit in the same path to allow one of you to do that. By trying to reach a consensus ledger as fast as possible (not mining), Ripple shortens the time where such a collision can happen and shortens the time after such a collision where the party whose transaction didn't happen can try to find a automatic path to do so.
Mining is a genius idea for a cash-only system like bitcoin where payments go direct between parties, but a bad idea for a credit/debt rippling network.
The amount of XRP required to set up trust links and transact is so small that you will barely make a dent in the wealth of the Ripple Labs (formerly OpenCoin Inc) and recipients of give aways when you buy whatever small amount of XRP. They've at least given their currency an intrinsic worth, and the ultimate value of it will depend on how many people adopt Ripple for rippling, they're not going to get very far by pumping and dumping XRP itself.
If the XRP currency is ever worth a lot (with a real market depth), it will be because enough people wanted the small amount of it that the validators agree you should have for transacting. However rich this makes early holders doesn't matter, the economic value to everyone else of a robust rippling credit network will make this worthwhile.
This is a godsend to those of us who embrace both cash and debt/credit and have some relationships of financial trust in our lives, both personal and inpersonal. For those who only trust the dog, gold bars, bitcoin private keys, beef jerky, and pork bullets (see "Jihawg") found in their underground bunkers, you're still going to be better off from all the people you deal with when you're out in the sunshine who will be able to send and receive bitcoin with you thanks to the trading and bridging protocol in Ripple. (without ever actually actually holding bitcoin themselves.)
Ripple is all about the rippling of credit/debt first and foremost.
As a form of crypto cash, bitcoin has a massive head start over the XRP currency. Don't feel threatened, the world will probably always be a mix of cash and debt/credit.
@_date: 2013-10-22 16:03:27
Indeed, if you're going to be rejected for entry into the US, better to be rejected prior to entering the US.