@_author: marktuff1
@_date: 2017-11-16 03:49:14
@_date: 2017-09-29 12:36:17
He's absolutely right in that there needs to be a process of a million mistakes, which will teach others a manner in which to invest that is more properly vetted. 
Also, +100 for teaching finance and investment in our schools, and what to look out for... A severely lacking investment mentality I think is hurting so many efforts and communities who lack the vision or understanding to better their own initiatives or Cities because they don't know how to analyze with ROI in mind. So important. 
@_date: 2017-09-28 22:29:32
Thanks emess I'll check it out! 
@_date: 2017-09-28 21:17:51
Thank you, I first thought along the lines of multisignature but wasn't sure if that would actually work for what we're seeking. I will dive a little deeper into it though. 
The settlement I'm discussing isn't necessarily 1 to 1 as you would have in a normal situation where I'm looking to buy something from you and I just pay you and it's simple. I'm talking a community settlement over time. So pretend you are in a merchant association, and each merchant agrees to extend trade credit to one another so they could do business cashlessly between themselves for a certain period of time, say 3 months, but a scorecard will be kept on who is plus and minus. You could do 100 transactions and in the end those on the negative end we want to be able to settle with bitcoin or some value... but to do so we would like to facilitate sending bitcoin (or value) on the negative merchant's behalf to those on the positive end, but not have them necessarily know each others identities. This facilitation would be the function of the 3rd party (ourself) to ensure the community zeroes out, and those who are supposed to be paid are paid, and everything rebalances. 
So as the administrator of such a network we were wondering if there was some way we could transfer bitcoin from one users wallet (who is negative) to someone who would be positive, even if they never dealt with one another directly. 
We don't want to hold or touch the bitcoin or money (money transmission laws) ... but only facilitate the process so that the community can clear and reset for a new trading period. 