@_author: marktandem
@_date: 2017-06-10 03:35:03
Ok Gotcha, I mostly used BTC for my business to buy/sell services so an exchange was convenient, but I've slowly built up some investment in BTC so have some stored on a an exchange too. I'll definitely move all of that to a local wallet. I'm still fairly new to the technicalities behind BTC (sigh, using it since the start of 2016 but never considered it's investment value (the limited supply) vs viewing it as just a currency) but I've been reading up on the scaling issues and the upcoming fork and your advice and scenarios are the what I've read thus far, just wanted to confirm with others before following an article so thanks for the reply. 
On a side note, as I've got a bit of money saved in cash that I was considering moving into a crpyto (stock markets too overpriced for me atm), in the mid to long-term do you think Bitcoins scaling issue will be a problem? I've read your previous post on another thread mentioning that the max block size could increase to 8mb - imo is that not still fairly limited? That'd be 3000x8 = 24000 transactions per 10 minutes, which for a truly global large scale system would still be pretty small? I read today that the Bitcoin Unlimited people had agreed with Segwit for now, but were looking at a hard fork for BTC Unlimited in a couple of months time? Do you think that'd be feasible? On your post in that previous thread you do mention the security vs scaleability trade-off, I also read the same thing as a negative for Ethereum today (the flexibility of smart contracts = lower security as shown by the two hard forks in sept 2016), but then Ethereum's been flying this year. I'm mainly just looking to get into something good long-term that I wouldn't have to worry about day-researching/trading, my opinion on most of these altcoins is that they're just glorified pumps in a bubble (x10'ing for no real good reason..), but if Bitcoin genuinely has a long-term scaling issue then I'll start seriously researching into Eth and one or two others. 
Thanks! 
@_date: 2017-06-09 22:43:45
Well the article stated that after BIP148 if it's not adopted by everyone, we could be left with two currencies, the segwit enabled BTC and the non enabled one. Things start to then get complicated and what happens to your BTC is at the mercy of the exchange you're on. I'm vaguely aware that 80% or something of miners have agreed to support BIP148, but I just don't want to get caught pants down if there is a chance that it isn't universally adopted and the exchanges start creating weird rules to deal with the split.