@_author: marmamus
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:57:58
Good job, miner! Here is a "virtual" pat on the back to reward you for your proof of work!
@_date: 2019-07-23 15:44:45
Even if crypto turns out to be a fad and fails, it will still have been with it for the lulz! The crypto memes are responsible for half of my laughs lately!
@_date: 2017-08-13 09:11:38
Yes, I agree to this as well. Bitcoin will become, in my interpretation, part of the separation of powers, executive, legislative, judiciary, and monetary, to weaken governments and keep them accountable to citizens. And crypto currencies will enable the idea hayek had on competition between currencies and provide a counter power to the ultra rich. If to much wealth is accumulated in too few hands in one currency (say Bitcoin), most people can move to another crypto and boycott Bitcoin, rendering it worthless. The only reason the ultra rich can keep on accumulating is because they succeed in forcing others to use the same currency they use: the dollar/euro...
@_date: 2017-08-30 10:29:40
Nice! Yes your article goes beyond security concerns and addresses other obstacles essential to my mind like over reliance on data gathering as a business model, lack of clear liability is case of security breaches and lack of interoperability. I focused on analog security and balancing connectivity because they are usually never mentioned.. thanks for the read!
@_date: 2017-08-12 22:27:10
I think anarchy and/or pure liberalism is a luxury born from living too long under a secure and well established nation state with enduring social order. Anyone living in the middle ages would laugh at the notion that we can get rid of states and all be better off for it. So long as humans have existed, once there is a power vacuum, it will be filled, and usually with something worse then States.. mafia, gangs, nepotism, tribes... So yeah, Bitcoin will be a revolution but a small one. When the time will come between paying up taxes or kill the state in favor of anarchy, society will choose option 1.
@_date: 2017-08-30 09:22:27
Thanks, very instructive. I have a few thoughts/remarks:
- With respect to security, do you envisage that the software/firmware themselves are under the control of a blockchain node system? That is, that each device controls the integrity of the software/firmware of all other devices just like a ledger? 
- With respect to ownership, do you think we could arrive at a point where each device has a hardcoded immutable ID assorted with a private key to declare it as being "stolen" or "recovered by owner" and if the owner declares it as being stolen, once it reconnects with the network it will automatically send signals to law enforcement/the rightful owner? 
- Do you not believe that there is a strong incentive for skipping the potential that blockchain technology provides because the business models of many companies of IoT devices relies on massive user data collection which can be resold for advertising or any other uses (insurance calculations...)? So even if we do integrate blockchain tech on IoT, it will only be on top of a centralized point of control which still collects user data?
- I have also written a piece on IoT security, but from a different point of view, interested in hearing your thoughts. I think I'll integrate some of your points to my piece as I believe they complement each other well. 
- EDIT: With blockchain, I guess we could also move towards multipurpose IoT devices instead of the segmentation we have today. A washing machine could at the same time be a cloud storage device, a shared computing device, a smart contract manager... The marginal cost associated with integrating a bit more processing power into the washing machine's chip or adding 100GB of space, is very small. Thus your "smart" connected washing machine could also be a cloud storage using SIA to generate revenue, or share it's computing power on the Golem network... any thoughts?
@_date: 2017-08-30 10:48:32
Same here! ;-)
EDIT: I edited my article to include both of your articles as links. 
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:47:25
I see your point. So if you choose to buy an old house, you have to pay extra, which is usually what happens by the way. But you're still pooling your risk with other people owning houses with a similar risk to yours!  
But let's take another service like the police for instance. Do you think you can calculate as precisely the likelihood of you getting into trouble and needing to call 911? Or an ambulance? Accidents are called accidents because they are... accidents, right? So here, you would see no objection for everyone to pay the same no?
@_date: 2017-11-02 16:48:03
Thanks for this, it's a very interesting read. I'm somewhat familiar with Chase Rachels's theory, however, comparing it to biology and "order" in nature is somewhat a misleading comparison when it comes to economics. Historically speaking, capitalists needed the state to enforce a number of "rules" which were all but natural: private property protected by the State, and a way to externalize the costs of security to governments to create the right "environment" for their system to thrive. Ironically, the support for the emergence of a powerful Nation State by capitalists enabled them to make sure thieves that used to rob those same merchants/capitalists in the woods now had to pay taxes to fund a national guard/police force which would prevent them from robbing merchants/capitalists in the first place. Very clever move. 
What I mean is that spontaneous order could also apply to the Zapatista in Mexico or to the Catalonean independent anarcho syndicalist society between 1936-1939. Order can mean just about anything and everything. 
For instance, I would agree to a "free market" if people could afford (real insistence on this) to say "no". However, as you very well know, corporations like Amazon make you come back whether you like it or not, simply by acting on the environment. 
See the rationale here: as a corporation, you squeeze people's salaries by using competition of labour from underdeveloped countries. Given your low pay, you don't have a choice but to buy from Amazon at a cheap price because you can't afford to buy anything more expensive. 
Other strategies include the Coca-Cola exclusivity deals: make sure that it is easy to buy coke products (and they have all the stuff you need: fanta, sprite, regular water, energy drings) and very hard to buy anything else (by making exclusivity deals with restaurants or even retailers to sell only coke)
The thing is, you might prefer "soft" or "invisible" coercion as opposed to "hard" or "visible" coercion, but coercion is coercion, regardless of whether someone is continuously whispering in your ear driving you nuts or whether they hit you hard with a stick once it a while to do what they want you to do.
I mentioned the Alaska Permanent Fund above in another discussion. Thinking along the lines of a UBI which would be paid as a universal dividend on the right for companies to exploit natural resources which belong to no one and everyone (the commons) is a way to achieve better "free market" economics: people will be actually able to say "no thanks, I'd rather pass then to let myself be exploited". And that would make a world of difference. For instance, saying that a poor Indian on the verge of starvation has the same "bargaining power" as a multinational multibillion dollar corporation is extremely naive. I am not at all in favor of egalitarianism. But as Von Hayek himself acknowledged, once you have extreme concentrations of both power and wealth, it doesn't matter whether it's Jeff Bezos or Vladimir Putin, "free market" economics no longer apply.
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:33:58
Well, first of all, mining rewards are "random" in the sense that they are fixed for block confirmation, but your computer has more statistical probability of getting that reward if you have a lot of hashing power. However, if you have to rely on statistics, you may not receive any reward for 10 years, and then get 5 or 6 rewards in a row (it's highly unlikely, statistically speaking, but it is possible). So mining pools are there to prevent these sort of "extreme" scenarios.
Now to your point: actually, if you look at how unemployment benefits work in most western democratic states, the amount of unemployment benefits you get is directly linked to your salary before losing your job. So technically, the more you "contributed", the more you got. So you see that it's not "egalitarianism" at all in this sense. 
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:36:15
Where do you get that idea? You didn't even answer my example of fire insurance under a socialist type system. How is that "rationalizing theft"?
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:41:45
This gets us deep into "free market" economics, which is riddled with ideological presuppositions and especially the conditions for "perfect competition": perfect information, lots of buyers and sellers etc. All of which are impossible in real life and are only ideals.
If you are correct, then how come the US spends about 18% of it's GDP on healthcare with it's "free market" system of many insurance companies for low healthcare quality and results overall, while many other comparable countries spend twice less with much better outcomes? 
Anyways, complex question. I understand your point about "mandating" as a problem, but unfortunately, scientific evidence pinpoints to sectors where mandating works better than not mandating. 
I think it's more a matter of human psychology. We are always more prone to blame others for their mistakes and refuse to pay in solidarity because we believe in our own strengths (except when life's a bitch of course, and then you're thankful for solidarity), but we are willing to pool rewards because there is a tangible and concrete return (steady inflow of cash for instance). 
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:44:47
Well, it all depends where you draw the line between private corporations and public institutions. Following the example of the Alaskan Permanent Fund, you could charge corporations a land tax and redistribute that land tax to private individuals on the basis that they are the "rightful owners" of that land (which the government only has stewardship over, but the real power and ownership comes from the people). Governments that pocket the money are basically stealing from the people...
@_date: 2017-11-02 19:57:02
Oh and about Bitcoin, since this is the Bitcoin community! I think in the end, we will finally have a fairer system indeed thanks to people power and beating coercion from the State which, in most cases, is serving the most wealthy. 
I think that people will collectively decide to switch to Duniter or Grantcoin, or some form of VC which enables some form of redistribution, because Bitcoin will only transpose the wealth inequalities from one group (State protected wealth accumulating/extracting capitalists) into another group (Satoshi and early adopters). And since wealth, once it reaches a certain level, is also power, I don't think we will ever come to a consensus where 7 billion people agree to be ruled by a select few "elite geeks" who were smart enough to invest in Bitcoin early... And since, as you rightfully point out, coercion is a thing of the past with Crypto, all it takes is for a large enough group to click on a button, install a new VC on their computer or device like Duniter in order to start exchanging goods/services, it will be much easier to come to a society where inequalities are much smaller. We will never achieve full egalitarianism (nor would I want it under any conditions), but we will also never go back to situations where a person, just for being at the right time in the right place will become a multi-billionaire with as much power as a State, while others eat dust. 
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:51:42
I was talking about rewards outside mining pools as being "random"... :-) 
As for your idea of competing car insurances, sure. But there is a cost to competition as well. You cannot deny the risks of price collusion or monopoly (antitrust is very poorly enforced). You now have bots that adjust prices in a matter of split second by matching those of their competitors rendering competition on prices impossible and enabling "tacit collusion" between self-learning algorithms.
Besides, comparing offers also is costly in terms of your time (and time is money as you know). For non-trivial issues like car insurance, it could work. But what about the police? I would really like to see people carrying out a "market research" to see which is the "best deal" private police force around, where they would get the "best bang for their buck" if an accident happens. Say you got into an accident and are bleeding out on the street, I think you have better things to do than to research what's the best private ambulance service and the best private hospital... :-D
@_date: 2017-11-02 17:02:45
I completely agree that the US is not a free market, but it is a lot freer than a state mandated health insurance and public healthcare provided by the State in Europe.. :-P 
Here is a nice graphic to illustrate the research with two key indicators: life expectancy and cost of healthcare.
 
@_date: 2017-11-02 21:32:30
I'll make it quick just in case:
- I agree with your definition of coercion. I just don't believe that the use of "force" is necessarily worse than manipulation... Under a capitalist logic, it is enough to rip off 90% of people to make decent profit (like the Milgram experiment, even if only 10% people resist, it's still the majority which got manipulated)
- I'm also very much hateful towards the use of force. I don't believe you need a government to implement the universal dividend I was talking about, nor a majority dominating a minority. Simply a majority which voluntarily decides to adopt a cryptocurrency which has a redistribution system inside it (Grantcoin or Duniter). It's like boycott if you will.. :-) 
- Finally, there is no guarantee that under Anarchy or anarco-capitalism, huge corporations and monopolies cannot emerge, simply because we cannot test it in a parallel universe. It is speculation. We cannot know if they would survive without the State, and I would simply rather not try.. 
Cheers! ;-) 
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:28:21
Absolutely! :-D 
Actually, here is an example of such "socialist" thinking:  
It is starting from the premise that the natural resources exploited by companies are the common property of the people living in the State where those natural resources are present, and thereby, they deserve equal "dividends" for companies that wish to exploit them. Generalize this system to the entire Planet Earth (which existed long before any of us existed) and you have yourself a UBI (which would be socialist by your standard) 
@_date: 2017-11-02 19:47:01
I'll respond here to "centralize" the discussion, which is very interesting for me.
My mom is Czech, and my father is American. I am the son of a communist and a capitalist. My mom had many interesting anecdotes when she came to the west from Czechoslovakia (at the time). She told me she was puzzled when she went to the supermarket and had to shop for butter... She wasted a lot of time looking at butter because... butter is butter! :-D 
They had only one butter in Czechoslovakia, and it was "butter"... just... butter. 
I honestly think there are virtues to entrepreneurship as much as there are virtues to solidarity and socialization. 
Let's start picking at some of the points you raise.
First, that coercion is the use of "force". I do not agree at all. During the second world war, German soldiers were given a choice to partake in executing jews by shooting them in the head in the woods.  Christopher Browning wrote an entire book which tries to answer how ordinary people, that were lawyers, hairdressers, sales persons, could be drawn to commit these horrible acts. It follows directly from the Milgram experiment, whereby when someone that represents some sort of authority asks you, under social pressure, to do something, you do it. 
 
Coercion takes a million forms. Even what we see online now, with the development of psychoanalytics which enable to target us, you and me, with very specific messages which have been shown to trigger our emotions or capture our attention, are a form of manipulation which can be coercion. But at even a much deeper level the values and aspirations you have do not fall from the sky. If you have kids, you may have observed this. When they are very small, they could care less if you give them an empty plastic bottle or a 1000$ toy, they will be happy to play with both. They will also have an insatiable desire to explore and learn with no other purpose than... to learn, because as humans, we are naturally programmed to be curious. That is simply how our brains work, initially. Then, each system (capitalism, communism...) will try to implant certain values and aspirations into people via mass propaganda in order to make people behave how they "should" be behaving for the system to work properly. Communism had a full propaganda about the ethics of work, how much work was important, the importance of solidarity, of mutual assistance and support, of equality etc. Capitalism has a propaganda of hedonism, chasing after success, wealth, "get rich or die trying". Capitalism is much more effective because it uses both the carrot and the stick, where communism only used the stick. Capitalism uses the hedonistic carrot (materialism, consumerism,...) and then the stick (if you want all those goodies, the great holiday at the beach, a private yacht you'd better work hard). 
Now, that pretty much answers your question of why use coercion for public services. First, usually, it's a matter of democracy: most people in Europe are in favor of public services. The ones that are coerced, are capitalists because anything that the State runs is taken away from the "for profit" sector. It's billions and billions of dollars in potential revenue! All left to a State monopoly... What a lost opportunity for profit! And it matters not whether it's run efficiently or not (historically, states have been sometimes good like with healthcare, sometimes bad like with telecoms - lack of innovation, competitive pricing). All that matters is that the State is "unfair competition", which of course it is! The State can much more easily stomach losses and has deep pockets... So what happens is that you have a propaganda going on on both sides to try and "coerce" people into one camp or another: the Bernie Sanders against the Donald Trumps (or Reaganites). 
As far as the commons, yes, I do acknowledge that there was a phenomenon such as the "tragedy of the commons" where no body cared about natural resources if they weren't privatized. But this is an over simplification. What REALLY happened is that privatization allowed to internalize externalities (such as over exploitation of land/natural resources). And this worked for a while, until shareholders and LLC were invented! Now, if you look at big corporations building factories in India, they don't care that one factory collapses and kills thousands of workers, they'll just build a new one (as happens in Bangladesh, with GAP or H&amp;M or one of those brands, can't remember). Or you don't care if the factory emits toxic fumes because you, as a shareholder and your family, will not be breathing those fumes. You'll be eating organic food from your local farmer with the dividends you get from your investment, while the workers (paid a miserable salary because of poor bargaining power in splitting the wealth created from the mix of their labour with capital) will be eating shit GMO and pesticide filled "cheap" food. The system of shareholders has reversed the very thing you claim is useful to take care of the "commons". If we were to switch to cooperatives or at least an owner who has to live in the environment where the factory is built and consume what the factory produces, that mechanism would be restored. 
Now to finish about the "entitlement". I don't believe in any entitlement. This is my premise. Say that all 7 billion people on this planet were instantly teleported to another planet with a number of natural resources available. Some would randomly appear in a desert with nothing around, others in a rich orchard with fruits and vegetables growing in the wild. How would you "distribute" the available resources? You cannot just arbitrarily decide to let people put fences around stuff... The way to go about it, in my sense, is to decide that all humans become collective shareholders in equal share of the entire planet's naturally available resources and are entitled to 1/7billionth of the natural renewable wealth that is produced each year (the fruits that grow on trees...) Any person that wants to set up an entreprise or a factory and thereby limit access to a certain portion of land where certain natural resources could have been collected, should pay a "tax" to all other people which would compensate for the stuff they could freely collect from that land, had the factory not been built. 
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:30:12
Nope... Not really... If it is proven that statistically speaking you have the same risk of having your house burned down or any other incident, and everyone pays a small amount to be protected in case it does happen, then you don't take/give away anything since you all benefit from the same protection (the fact that you will be reimbursed if anything bad happens). I don't see how it is any different.
@_date: 2018-03-08 14:34:25
You could also use 8.476.253.926,2232 But you need to see the difference between coma and dots.. But in any case, dots are a bad syntax, because it is sometimes used in math as short for multiplication..
@_date: 2017-09-09 21:58:04
It all depends on what a successful ban would look like: making it disappear, crippling it and making it useful only in black market transactions or limiting is use to a varying degree... Of course, governments will never make it disappear, as for the rest, we shall see, but the odds are against governments for sure..
@_date: 2017-09-01 15:45:19
That boat has sailed buddy.. most likely, the minute you manage to suffocate the State by failing to pay your taxes in Bitcoin, that will be your death. With the rule of law gone, it doesn't take a genius to figure out that instead of obeying your wealthy master for a few bread crumbs, you can kill him and all his family and take his place. And no line of code in a blockchain will bring you back from the dead to take it back..
@_date: 2017-09-01 10:53:09
It would help bring about a more equal society. If for instance a few people end up owning most bitcoins and start acting as self righteous lambo loving dicks, then the poor majority can decide to move collectively to another currency, even create a new one completely, and start exchanging between themselves, rendering Bitcoin worthless and destituting those rich pricks without the need for a revolution or violence.
@_date: 2017-10-09 21:06:02
I'm afraid that this is not good news. If we transitioned to a world where Bitcoin is the only official currency, it would change nothing to the structural inequalities and gap between the ultra rich and mass of poor. Most people would probably end up being serfs working for some ultra rich Bitcoin overlord.. this imbalance will have to be addressed if Bitcoin and blockchain more generally is going to be the "freeing" or "empowering" technology of the future.. even very "high tech" shackles remain shackles.. 
Edit: this inequality could be partly explained by exchanges holding bitcoins on behalf of their customers. In the end, for Bitcoin to succeed, it is essential not to make the same mistakes as fist where a tiny group control most of it, making the majority of people desperate for it. With fiat, people would either become wage slaves, steal or turn to violence, with crypto currencies, people will simply jump ship to a more equally distributed one.
@_date: 2017-10-10 19:15:05
Sure. I'll just add to that the need to rebalance how added value is being redistributed between capital and labour, and we're on the same page.. :-P
@_date: 2017-10-10 14:31:34
No no, I think the perspective is quite clear. The working poor are unnecessarily poor! That's the problem! Medieval Kings had to shit down the side of their brick house because they (and their architects) didn't know any better! Today, what's ironic is that we throw away 40% of the food we produce, yet people still starve all around the world, while we have every single technology in place to get that food to them... It's absurd. Besides, I hope you understand that you can never scientifically prove that this is the "best" system... We don't have 10 or 100 parallel universes in which to test various systems and compare which one has the better outcome. Still, observing what is happening now, you have really ridonculous things happening all over the world: overproduction on one side, poverty and misery on the other. 
To finish, I'm not a silly utopian. I know why this is. It's quite simple. Take a company with 100 workers and a single owner/capital investor. The company produces goods thanks to the labour of the workers, let's say it produces for 10.000.000$ worth of goods. How do you split that money up? How much should the workers get? How much should the owner get? The simple answer is: it's a bloody bargaining and negotiation, both will seek to maximize their cut. Today, workers are weak, separated, individualistic, unorganized... No wonder Capital takes it all and workers are left with peanuts! It's kind of their fault for being this weak. During the 1930s, the economic situation was so dire and worker unions were getting more and more extreme/violent, the rich/owners agreed to pay 96% tax to avoid having their heads planted on a spike. That's not happening anymore because workers have turned into passive weaklings.
@_date: 2017-10-09 21:51:03
Nope, not socialism, Greek philosophers wisdom: reaching a golden mean: getting rid of the extremes that is, both the ultra rich and the ultra poor, both of which have historically brought about violence and revolutions. ;-)
@_date: 2017-10-09 21:29:27
What risks.. taking risks is relative. There might be a few, but most didn't take any risks, they simply played the lottery and won.. 
@_date: 2017-10-18 23:38:01
Nope, I adopted when the price was a tenth of what it is now, I've made a decent profit, especially on ether, but I cannot ignore my gut feeling that we are simply moving from one unequal system to another. I'm starting to look into UBI crypto solutions like grantcoin and others, just wondering if Bitcoin could evolve to address the issue of early adopter bias.
@_date: 2017-10-09 21:25:00
Thanks that's very helpful! Indeed it would be good to know how much bitcoins are in exchanges!
@_date: 2017-10-09 21:47:48
Yeah, sure, they live better than a child extracting copper from a mine, or better than a medieval serf, but who cares? That's not the point! The point is that they are poorer than what the current productivity and wealth generation should allow them to be.
@_date: 2017-10-09 21:35:01
Perhaps, you're right that it is misleading to some extent. Still, I think it would be worth to have some accurate information about this issue and what the "real" state of wealth concentration is.
@_date: 2017-10-19 06:36:19
Wow, talking about extremes. Nope, life isn't fair, you got that right. In this vain, why should I not be allowed to take a gun, kill you, and take your belongings? After all, if I'm stronger, or a better shooter then you are, it's tough luck for you no? You see, the problem with your reasoning is that there is no reason to limit competition to wealth accumulation potential. Why shouldn't the strongest and most brutal rule? Capitalism is "unfair" to then because they can't use their strength as an advantage. 
Now to my point about redistribution. It's not at all an ideological issue for me, it's a pragmatic one. I don't draw from Marx here but from Aristotle who observed that revolutions are nearly always about inequalities and honor, that is the willingness of many humiliated "have nots" to take back what the few arrogant "haves" have accumulated. 
More interestingly, capitalism has been broken for the last 3-4 decades because of these growing inequalities. Capitalism relies on mass production and mass consumption. But when a few dicks suck up all the wealth and leave nearly no money for the mass population (stagnating wages), the "mass consumption" part of the equation is broken. They tried to substitute credit for revenue to prop up consumption, but that card castle will come crashing down. Gone are the days of Henry Fords capitalism: pay your workers enough so they can afford to buy what they produce.. 
I'm really looking forward to the future, where I'd like to see all the early hodlers of Bitcoin convincing the people that didn't adopt it to accept it as a means of payment instead of another altcoin without the early adopter bias.. Don't forget, the only reason people put up with fiat and the inequalities that stem from it is because government forces them to use it at gun point.. What are you gonna do? Hire private militias to force people to accept your hoarded bitcoins? :-D
@_date: 2017-10-09 21:10:59
Perhaps. Take it from the ancestral wisdom of ancient Greek philosopher Aristotle: we need to find the "golden mean": something between the unsustainable growing gap between the ultra rich and mass of poor, and the utopian but impossible communist egalitarianism. 
@_date: 2017-10-19 15:12:11
We shall see..
@_date: 2017-10-09 21:53:14
Yes, if you make it available to everyone at decent conditions, ie, not via labor market "work for a subsistence wage or die" way.. 
@_date: 2017-10-10 06:29:27
I would disagree.. if you look at the American poor, honestly, living from pay check to pay check, having to buy everything in a shitty dollar store, being in the verge of eviction because you can barely relay your mortgage.. I don't think it's anything glorious. Besides, even if that's still better than your average African, there are other things besides poverty, there is also honor. And many working poor feel completely humiliated, which is a perfect cocktail for violence..
@_date: 2017-10-10 18:25:11
Well, all I'm sayin' really is that "we can do better than what we have"... :-P 
@_date: 2017-10-09 21:49:10
That's what I mean: it would be interesting to know how much each individual Bitcoin investor/user owns in btc as opposed to looking at addresses.
@_date: 2017-10-09 22:18:16
"Everywhere inequality is a cause of revolution [...] The universal and chief cause of this revolunionary feeling [is] the desire of equality, when men think that they are equal to others who have more than themselves; or, again, the desire of inequality and superiority, when conceiving themselves to be superior they think that they have not more but the same or less than their inferiors; pretensions which may and may not be just. Inferiors revolt in order that they may be equal, and equals that they may be superior. Such is the state of mind which creates revolutions. The motives for making them are the desire of gain and honor, or the fear of dishonor and loss; the authors of them want to divert punishment or dishonor from themselves or their friends." 
Aristotle, book 4, Politics.
Can't really say he's a socialist, socialism didn't exist in those days. He was a pragmatist, observing what happened in various city-states all around Greece. It's not about just money supply, it's about wealth and honor. 
@_date: 2017-10-09 21:23:54
That can change very (very) fast.. contrary to fiat, rolling out another currency and boycott Bitcoin can be done in a matter of a few days. I'm in for the long term, and for Bitcoin to survive in the long run, it will have to become at least slightly less unequally distributed. However, since some wallets may be exchanges, that can explain this chart.
@_date: 2017-10-19 16:39:41
Sure. But UBI is also the way to make the labor market work as intended. That is, if companies want to hire someone for a job no one wants to do (like garbage collector), you'll finally have to raise the salary until you find someone willing to do it at that price. That's what I most hate about current capitalism: it's wage slavery. Either accept to work for minimum survival wages, or die on the street. 
@_date: 2017-10-09 21:13:27
Well in that case, it will fail. Especially given the relative ease with which new cryptos can be created. Once the majority of people are aware of this imbalance, they will simply jump boat for a currency with a less skewed distribution, lest they want to become/remain wage slaves..
@_date: 2017-10-19 06:46:38
Maybe not one whale, but several of them together still could.. fiat is not owned by one individual, yet a few ultra rich can easily coordinate their actions to manipulate prices and the value of currencies.
@_date: 2017-10-19 07:04:12
Hmmmm i think you got it wrong. I'm starting to believe that satoshi screwed you over. He knew that there would be a limit to adoption once people realize that just because they bought a few months later than their neighbor, their purchasing power for an equivalent amount of fiat in btc is half less. He relied on greed of early adopters because he knew it was the best way to spread the IDEA of blockchain and Bitcoin, but he knew that ultimately, someone somewhere would develop a coin based on the same tech but with a mechanism that removes the early adopter bias. Bitcoin is basically a greed driven marketing campaign for a more ethical and fair solution which will eventually appear but would not have made it mainstream.. 
@_date: 2017-09-01 11:42:01
It's better, not perfect. That is, it carries the same risk as any monopolies. If all the poor people depend on work provided by rich people, they can pay them in Bitcoin the price which just about covers their necessary incompressible expenses, thereby transforming them de facto into serfs.
@_date: 2017-10-18 22:50:42
Yes, this is an issue.. accounts don't correspond to people.. still, I think this early adopter bias is a problem.. any ideas?
@_date: 2017-10-18 23:39:27
My thoughts exactly
@_date: 2017-10-09 22:12:12
I really hope you are right. I was rather envisaging a return to a form of serfdom.. Basically, those with a lot of Bitcoins ending up owning the means of production, "blackmailing" the have-nots to work in those factories for a subsistence wage in Bitcoin, preventing them from ever saving up Bitcoin.. You know the story..
@_date: 2017-10-19 15:11:08
 Well, to answer your point about justice and fairness, I subscribe to Rawls theory of justice. I'm not for egalitarianism, but for enough redistribution to prevent social disorder. For instance, I strongly support the idea of UBI. There will always be inequalities, no need to exacerbate them to the societal breaking point.
@_date: 2017-10-19 06:58:08
Hahaha, no, i WAS smart enough to invest in Bitcoin and especially ether soon enough, I'm just not an self righteous arrogant person that believes that buying a lottery ticket somehow entitles me to live like a king while others eat dirt.. :-D 
If you're interested, I wrote an article about the issues with private property, that will enlighten you about my approach (spoiler alert: it's not Communism).. 
 