@_author: marshallstokes
@_date: 2015-12-24 02:34:36
I'll pretty much buy anything that creates. Only he knows for sure but I suspect I now hold a relatively large collection of Kialaras :)
Awesome work, Max! Can't wait to receive these new beauties :)
@_date: 2015-01-04 05:57:40
Also, why does hashtalk.org read like a glowing land of rainbows and unicorns where XPY is the King? Rephrased: how many people do you employ to constantly remove every last post that isn't 100% in alignment with your opinions?
Seriously take a look at the Gaw forums. You'll be hard-pressed to find a single negative post, or even one that points out any of the dozens (hundreds?) of obvious red flags surrounding this entire ordeal.
Ultimately this is just another shitcoin launch with a ton of publicity. Lies upon lies about non-existent partnerships with Amazon and Target and Walmart, (redacted) promises of a $20 floor on the coin, and at one point an actual request that the crypto community change their behavior in order to make Paycoin succeed in ways that no other altcoin have.
@_date: 2015-10-20 02:43:23
Actually, you can drop anything you want in a blue USPS box on the street (or even hand it to a delivery person, anywhere), and if it has enough postage it will be processed like anything else. You certainly do not need to present a parcel to an actual post office unless it won't fit in a blue box or your delivery person cannot take it due to its size.
@_date: 2015-10-19 20:26:45
Neat... except  already does this, and spectacularly well. I use it frequently. Competition is always good, though, right?
@_date: 2015-02-11 23:10:07
This is precisely why it won't be Bitcoin that dominates the point-of-sale and consumer-driven marketplace when digital currencies become commonplace in the global economy. One or more derivative blockchain will fill the requirements of the masses of transactions taking place every second/minute/hour/day/whatever. Bitcoin might become the backbone of a macro economic network (though I suspect something along the lines of Ripple will win out in the end), but it's going to be a faster blockchain that dominates everyday walking-around transactions.
Just my opinion... and your points are valid, except they are based on the assumption that Bitcoin is the end-all-be-all digital currency when in fact there are hundreds of competing blockchains already vying for their place as the ultimate point-of-sale transaction solution.
@_date: 2015-02-11 02:23:25
You're totally missing the point of the article.
@_date: 2015-02-12 02:28:40
Seriously? We must be paying attention to vastly different portions of the cryptocurrency world, because I see at *least* a dozen altcoins actively trying to secure a position as a dominant currency in the consumer space, and a surprising number of the lesser-known (and less functional) altcoins continuing development of their projects in order to prove their worth and value as a viable alternative to Bitcoin in real-world economies. 
Off the top of my head:
* Viacoin's dev team continually improves their code base, committing updates to their github repo on a daily basis and making steady progress toward working features that will make their blockchain attractive to a wide array of businesses (and possibly even governments)
* Ripple has already partnered with a number of international banks and is implementing technical features that are actively attracting real-world businesses and economic institutions. This is a project that has the potential to usurp Bitcoin as a global currency for macro-economic purposes
* Stellar comes to mind because they have an active dev team, fast transactions, and appear to be focusing on consumer-friendly features and appearances
* VRC, ARCH, NAUT, DRK, and even RZR are in active development, have faster transaction times than BTC, and maintain impressive trading volumes (well, for the most part). I'm sure I left out another half dozen or more truly promising coins, so feel free to tack on your favorites to my list...
There are plenty of currencies out there with proper dev teams. I am aware that there are hundreds of shitcoins that were only created for the purpose of generating profits for the "devs" and whatever scammers ran their initial pumps upon hitting one of the altcoin exchanges, but beyond all that childish noise there truly is an impressive amount of real innovation taking place, and many of those hard-working teams are absolutely vying for their place as the leader in disrupting the point-of-sale transaction marketplace - which is currently dominated by VISA, MasterCard, AMEX and the various banks and institutions monopolizing those financial channels at the cost of businesses and consumers.
Blockchain tech is going to displace those existing financial institutions by bringing instant, cheap, reliable, and trustless transactions to the masses. One or more of these currencies will dominate the point-of-sale arena. Maybe that currency doesn't exist yet, but to even suggest that teams of developers and visionaries aren't already trying to get a foothold in that inevitable future is, quite frankly, incredibly naive.
ps - it's not usually my style to stoop to insults in online discussions, but seriously, you're insane if you honestly believe there isn't a fantastic race already underway to be the dominant provider of blockchain-backed point-of-sale solutions on a global scale.
@_date: 2015-02-11 04:12:09
Kind of... I mean, they may be "regulated" but that doesn't change the fact that thousands of sandwiches are delivered and consumed with spit/boogers/snot/whatever in them on a daily basis (and this is an understatement, ask any seasoned minimum-wage food service worker). 
The reason people aren't dying of malicious poisonings left and right is because the vast majority of humans are not murderers. Again, Silk Road and the illegal drug market have nothing whatsoever to do with this. People selling narcotics are equally as interested in poisoning strangers as people selling burgers at a drive-through or sodas at a movie theater.
@_date: 2015-10-19 20:33:43
Hang on... you can ship anything you want with stamps. They even sell stamps for use on Priority flat rate packages. While I am sure USPS would love to know all the personal details of every shipper, their willingness to sell stamps (which can be paid for in cash, no less) and also ship literally anything that has enough stamp-based postage, implies that they're more concerned with revenue than data mining the personal details of every customer. 
I'm all for donning a tinfoil cap every now and then, but in my experience you can ship a box full of lead using any combination of stamps so long as it covers the shipping cost and the stamps fit on the same face of the package as the addresses.
@_date: 2015-10-20 03:14:49
I can't even count how many priority boxes, letters, and other small parcels over 13 ozs. I have dropped in blue boxes over the years. Mostly out of sheer laziness (the drop boxes are always closer than the actual PO, it seems) and because I frequently need to mail stuff out after business hours. No package or letter has ever been a problem. Is this a real USPS policy? If so, my experience suggests they have few, if any, fucks to give about it. 
Edit: And yes, many of these items have been mailed with stamps instead of printed USPS labels. Before Priority was basically the same price as "parcel" service, I was constantly covering large envelopes and small packages in stamps and dropping them in the box near my home.
@_date: 2015-10-20 03:11:59
Ok, I'll put the tinfoil hat on for moment.
I guess define "anonymously" in this context... because if you live in the US or UK or any other country with a powerful and aggressive government then you're not likely to manage many in-person cash transactions without your presence being recorded on CCTV and ultimately being (theoretically) linked to a specific transaction. So, sure, you can go buy some stamps with cash at a post office and mail something more-or-less anonymously at a later date by dropping your letter or parcel in a USPS drop box using those stamps, but man that sounds like a hassle. 
Then again, if you're dedicated to engaging in anonymous transactions then you'll ultimately find yourself hunkered down over your laptop (running TAILS or similar) at a coffee shop or library conducting your business via a series of VPN tunnels, SOCKS proxies and TOR connections. Your money is a wallet full of bitcoins you either purchased in a face-to-face transaction in an place without surveillance cameras, which you then "tumbled" through some TOR service that took a small percentage of the funds. Wait, didn't they arrest Ulbricht at a library using some combination of those technologies?
I don't really have a point, except that it's really, really fucking difficult to be anonymous today if you're engaging in just about any kind of commerce. I find it difficult to justify the amount of effort involved in such pursuits, as much as I would love to not be "tracked" or even "watched" by a bunch of corporations and governments. If I have something to say to someone that I really, really don't want *anyone* reading, I might jump through some hoops (PGP, encrypted whatever, etc), and I always employ what I consider to be bare-minimum security (very strong passwords, encrypted drives on my computer, encrypted phone, secure Telegram chat, etc), but that is more a result of a lifetime interest in computer security than any actual paranoia. I do not want to say "I have nothing to hide so what do I care?" but in reality that does play a role. I have no need to send letters or parcels anonymously... but it is interesting to consider how one might do so if they decided they needed to.
All that said, I think things like TrackMeNot, Disconnect, and similar browser plugins are good fun. I like the idea of TOR as well, though I do get the impression enough of the TOR network is nation-state operated that it's not nearly as "anonymous" as many think.
Sorry for rambling on. It's a very interesting topic. And actually, though I have been using Shipnik for a couple months now, I never even considered it might be useful for "anonymous" mailing! If it works via TOR and with javascript disabled... Shipcoin and Shipnik may be seeing some good business once it catches on in the "dark net" markets... but I'm guessing, at least with Shipnik, there is quite a bit of JS involved, which is probably a deal breaker for DNM participants.
@_date: 2015-02-11 15:42:32
I never really got the impression that SR was considered "bullet proof" safe... but certainly purchasing illegal substances over the internet carries with it less risk of robbery or other physical danger than buying drugs in person.
@_date: 2015-02-11 03:42:57
The article is examining the overall increase in the safety of the black market due to the rise of online marketplaces such as Silk Road. Those people "buying kilos of coke on SR" (which, btw, do you have any evidence this level of bulk purchasing was taking place on SR? honest question, I don't know how much of that kind of dealing was happening there) were surely putting themselves at far less risk of personal injury, robbery, and plenty of other dangers associated with buying tens of thousands of dollars of illegal substances by making their purchases on a marketplace that eliminates the need for in-person meetings. For all we know those high-level dealers may have been operating their subsequent business on SR or similar markets, or perhaps they were white-collar drug dealers selling smaller amounts to their office mates or non-violent friends who, aside from partaking in the recreational use of substances which are currently illegal, are/were not proper criminals.
My point is: removing even one level of illegal trade from the "street" puts everyone involved in a position of lower physical danger. And that actually makes the world a safer place for all of society by reducing the chances of a violent encounter occurring in the first place.
Ultimately all illegal drugs wind up in the hands of end-users, which is what you mean by "back onto the streets". As more and more of these transactions take place in online marketplaces instead of in-person or literally on the streets of towns and cities, the world becomes a safer place. 
There is also the idea that conducting black-market business on marketplaces such as SR (which offered an escrow service and included a full-blown seller rating and review system) requires a heightened level of organization and sophistication compared with traditional street dealing - I'm talking about maintaining shipping processes, incoming orders, and budgeting - which presumably lends itself less to gang-related dealers carrying firearms and more to entrepreneurs who are more likely to focus on customer satisfaction and long-term business relationships in the interest of maximizing regular profits. 
It may be a logical conclusion that individuals who are (or were) succeeding in marketplaces like SR are taking business away from dealers who operate primarily on "the street" and thus are more likely to encounter violent situations.
At least, that's the line of thinking I wound up exploring after reading this article.
@_date: 2015-02-11 20:30:55
Are you suggesting that the bitcoin network can only handle 250k users per day? That doesn't even make sense... do you mean there's a limit on the number of transactions that can be completed in a given 24 hour period? 
Please clarify what you are referring to and what limitation you believe bitcoin technology to suffer from that will prevent it from being the fundamental technology that changes the economic landscape worldwide in the coming years/decades.
@_date: 2015-02-11 04:25:40
Actually, I'm attempting to make the point that illegal transactions taking place in a controlled marketplace like SR are directly *competing* with street dealers and in-person markets, which makes everything safer for all of society. I only took a look at SR once or twice, out of pure curiosity, in its early days and found it to be incredibly fascinating, but by no means am I naive enough to believe that the services offered there were not readily available worldwide through other outlets well before the existence of SR or even TOR. 
It's quite logical that the existence of these "dark web" marketplaces removes a portion of the illegal economy from "the streets" and brings parties on both sides (buyers and sellers) out of harm's way by providing a system for them to conduct business without placing themselves in physically dangerous situations.
For the record I'm not asserting that Ulbricht is innocent, or that his motives and actions were ethical (almost certainly they were not - driven by greed, fear, and an overal lack of morals), or even that substances and actions which are currently illegal yet were readily available on SR should not remain so (though I would certainly enjoy a good debate regarding the pros and cons of decriminalization/legalization of any number of intoxicants...). 
What I am hoping to impart is that one could certainly argue that the existence of these online marketplaces directly competes with street-level operations which are traditionally more dangerous in many obvious ways. Given that drug use has been, and always will be, a fact of life in any society regardless of the efforts put forth by governments and law enforcement agencies, taking any amount of this massive business off the streets and into organized online markets where escrow services and dealer reviews and ratings are heavily utilized is a net gain for society as a whole.
@_date: 2015-02-11 02:26:39
One could easily make the same assertion about literally any consumable. Drugs, produce, soup at a restaurant, the shitty Big Mac you had for lunch today (which probably had a loogie in it anyway).
If someone wants to poison a random person, that entire topic is most certainly completely unrelated to Silk Road or even intoxicant sales in general.