@_author: martiancanals
@_date: 2013-04-22 15:40:34
Do any of you actually buy things with bitcoin? Seems like more places are accepting it, while more users are just speculating and holding. 
Also, is it difficult to find an acceptable price for goods and services with the currency value fluctuating so much?
@_date: 2013-05-01 21:27:01
One thing seems certain: The more of these "emotional" people involved the more price swings will happen as they freak out selling OR buying.
@_date: 2013-04-15 14:14:10
As a business owner (not accepting bitcoins at this point) I could see someone offering a 3-5% discount to bitcoin users, the equivalent of the credit card processing fees that might be avoided by using the currency. Truthfully however, I would rather keep that savings as a reward for accepting such a risky trade for my goods and/or services.
In my experience, any discount is damaging to customers' perception of the value of the goods and services the business provides - once people get something for a discount they are loathe to pay full price for it ever (read about the last few years at JC Penny). In the long run this tactic only leads to higher prices or lower quality as expected discounts get built into pricing. Besides, discounting would be folly right now because there's just not enough competition in the bitcoin markets yet to warrant such tactics.
Additionally, as many of those who will be/have been first to accept the currency are small business owners (not the US government definition of small business at &lt;$10M in sales either, but more "micro" businesses run from home or with comparatively tiny gross sales) discounting is directly detrimental to their livelihoods. The idealism that might drive them to discount for bitcoin won't pay their bills at the end of the month. 
In my opinion the bitcoin idealism premium should be placed on the buyers until markets reach a sufficient size... and frankly, buyers should be happy that a business is willing to take such a risk at all. When bitcoin markets do reach an acceptable level of commerce there will be discounting and other competitive tactics as in any free market. In the meantime the burden of promoting the currency must be on the consumer.
Maybe bitcoin consumers should "tip" businesses willing to take the risk on top of the purhcase price of a good or service? This would surely entice more businesses to get involved, and bring about larger markets (and therefore discounts) quicker?
@_date: 2013-04-22 17:14:34
So, if I'm understanding correctly, you are utilizing Bitcoin as more of a savings/investment opportunity than an actual currency to utilize for the purchase and sale of goods/services? You're essentially hedging on it like someone would do with gold?
Doesn't behavior like this defeat the purpose of Bitcoin as a currency? I'm not judging mind you, I just am trying to better understand Bitcoin's role as an asset.
I completely understand the arguments for a decentralized currency, and your other points are totally valid as well. 
Thanks for your insight.