@_author: martong93
@_date: 2014-04-11 03:54:44
This kind of feels like the Soviet propaganda my grandparents grew up with stating that the Eastern Bloc *has* to go to war against the capitalist west sooner or later. For all the fanfare about how inevitable it was, my grandparents never experienced WWIII.
@_date: 2014-12-25 06:11:52
fuck yeah!
@_date: 2014-04-04 04:07:12
Yeah but thinking of FR shares that way you would think of a stocks in a company is entirely misleading. It's essentially voting rights that banks have for local federal reserve *bank* positions. It's only "private" on the lower local levels, not the national or regional.
The board and chairman, and most importantly the FOMC members, are all chosen by the president and approved by congress (and they tend to be academics). In addition, the dividends are payed to the federal government, which is actually very profitable for the government. Even though the Fed technically answers to congress, they have a huge amount of independence that hasn't been attempted to be taken away. Congress sets up general goals for the fed (e.g. this long-term interest rate and unemployment), though the means are left entirely to the board. When countries have let their central bank be influenced and raided by politicians, bad things happened (e.g. Argentina).
@_date: 2014-12-09 23:14:21
The current inflation rate is ~1.7% bitch.
@_date: 2014-04-04 04:26:17


The Fed confers private banks the share, which is really only rights to vote for positions at the local level of the Federal reserve bank system. The national level works similarly to how supreme court justices are picked.


That's the treasury, the Fed doesn't ever print money. There are other ways to create money and increase MS, but that have to do with the money multiplier effect and reserve requirement ratio. I repeat, the Fed never has "coined" or "printed" money. They either create money by lending, changing the RRR, or purchasing stock, but creating money is not the same as just printing more.


Well, they don't receive welfare, because the Fed is very very profitable. As the lender of last resort, they make a killing on interest when banks are forced to borrow. That's actually all free market if you think about it.
They are a state entity, however. It's also pretty independent from the rest of the federal government, to the point that you really should consider it it's own branch. Kind of how state government does not answer to a hierarchy of the federal government, but has certain rights that really can't be taken away. Structurally it's more similar to the Supreme court at the national level.
@_date: 2014-04-04 04:28:20
No one is stopping you from buying and selling in Euros or Bitcoin. However, there is a monopoly in currency used in government operations. You *have* to be payed in dollars if you're working or contracting for the government. Likewise you have to convert at least some of your revenue, if you're not using dollars to operate, to pay for taxes.
Though I suppose you can make the U.S. dollar be purely honorary if you can get everyone to jump ship. It'll keep things similar to how they are now, bitcoin/dollar relationship wise. Many countries have national currencies that are vastly not preferred compared to, say, cigarretes or the U.S. dollar. Their national currency is sort of stable, but really only exists to pay taxes with, since you can't buy much with them. The U.S. dollar is the currency of the black-market almost anywhere financially unstable, and those places have thriving black markets.
@_date: 2014-04-04 04:17:04
They're more voting rights to the local federal reserve bank branches. The national and regional are essentially public. Strictly speaking all profits go only to the federal government. This is why the structure of the Fed has been described as a unique mix of an independent public agency (though in theory the Legislative branch can change the structure of the Fed whenever they want, it's never happened) and private corporation. Private organizations hold no rights to Fed revenue or assets whatsoever.
@_date: 2013-11-23 03:37:00
Centrally controlled money markets. Sometimes bitcoins might as well be beanie babies.
@_date: 2013-04-19 17:21:16
Let's create an economic model. Since we don't actually know whether givernment or charities are more effective at using money, let's presume in this model that charities and the government use each dollar they get equally efficiently.
Now that we're presuming that they make the same impact for each buck, which has the bigger impact?
Well charities rely on people going out of their ways to actually donate. This may be more of a sociology question, but how many people would actually bother to contribute? How many would fall into "slacktivism and not just simply forget to help out? And how many wouldn't help on principle (i.e. I have the right to be selfish and will never donate to charities)?
The government get's funded by everyone who pays taxes.


There is a reason why the government doesn't work as a charity organization, it wouldn't make enough to actually function if taxes were optional on an individual basis.
Maybe there's some truth when it comes to government inefficiencies, maybe there isn't. We don't have enough information to know either way, it would require a huge study into the efficiency on non-profits (which is often times a misleading term, people may not make millions, but they get payed a small fortune and get to spend the organization's money on golf courses, jets, and executive housing), and another study on government inefficiency.
Government simply brings more money to the table than charities do, forcing people who can afford it to pay when they otherwise wouldn't have is something charities can't do.
I get you don't like that you don't have direct control. Government is simply another form of specialization (if you know anything about economics then you know specialization is one of the most important trends in human history to help humanity and make society more efficient). If you have a problem with the system then try to fix it, don't get rid of it entirely.
@_date: 2013-11-23 03:49:30
He'd be doing his sister a favor TBH
@_date: 2013-11-23 06:28:29
I just got out of my intermediate macro class and this thread is hilarious.
@_date: 2013-11-23 03:46:02
Darwolff is amusing and gets a lot of attention, but at least he's pretty benign. This guy is changing lives.
@_date: 2013-12-06 03:59:15
He's got a point. What about the endless ability to make alternative crypto currencies. Each one have something about them that will attract some other type of person. How can anyone ever agree to one currency when they all have their different advantages and disadvantages?
@_date: 2013-11-23 03:40:56
His sister is probably already going to hate him. She'll never forgive him if he doesn't say anything until after he wasted all the money.
@_date: 2013-12-30 06:15:24
Lack of government results in the same thing. People willing to bash in skulls more than everyone else would be the ones in charge. They would discourage collective action in whatever way possible, and people would have to learn to deal with it. At least government provides a mechanism in which to (imperfectly) protect people from each other. Sometimes freedom is bad when it means the freedom to exploit and abuse other human beings.
@_date: 2013-11-23 03:49:06
lol, but government bonds are fake because they just print money, and wall street is evil yoooo
@_date: 2013-11-23 04:05:38


I agree with everything. Except it's only a currency if people call it that. For some people it *is* a currency, but for others it's not. It might catch up one day, but until then it might as well be kids trading cards for candy during recess, albeit on a bigger scope and with older kids.
If it actually becomes a currency, then it shouldn't matter if I didn't get in on it now. I might not have won anything, but I'll still get to use it like normal money once it's established. Otherwise I'll wait until it does or until it flops and a new internet currency emerges.
@_date: 2013-11-23 04:14:41
Not really something that you can blame on the parents. Maybe there were some warning signs that their son was an idiot, but were they really going to do such a slap in the face to their son and presume him incompetent?
I think the only way we can leave sane and get on with our day is by telling ourselves it's fake, or just forgetting about it.
@_date: 2013-11-23 03:39:35
What money I made from trading bitcoins, some of it I got from your sister's inheritance. It's a zero sum game. If I want to be really dry, I could say I'm glad you were so dumb. It made me that much more money!
@_date: 2013-11-23 03:43:17
Parents should have left the inheritance in a bank until his sister was older.
@_date: 2013-12-30 06:10:10
Krugman is an outspoken liberal new Keynesian who happens to be one of the world's top economists. He's also heavily involved on the internet, the bastion of libertarianism and the Austrian school (which happens to be utterly rejected in academia).
@_date: 2013-11-23 03:57:27


Well, that's kind of like trading cards. I have a bunch Pokemon cards in my basement that could have been used to buy candy with. Then came yu-gi-oh cards and my pokemon cards became worthless because no one wanted to trade for them anymore.


That's what a bubble is. Bitcoins seem like a good thing to get in on early, but otherwise there's no guarantee that people will still care about it in 20 years. I like the idea of an internet currency, but bitcoin is just an experiment.