@_author: marxrand
@_date: 2015-06-20 23:52:17
Why would you want to? is the bigger question here. There is no advantage (and certainly not mathematically) in paying off debt you can indefinitely afford to keep financing without disrupting other things. Given that the state keeps printing the same currency that it is paying off, there really is no advantage in paying that debt off other than servicing the money supply (and hence creating further implied deflation). Now there might be some sense in that strategy from the point of view of you or I (in that we want cheaper goods) but the system as it is currently set up makes that an extremely illogical position.
@_date: 2015-06-21 05:43:49
Yes exactly. This is a really interesting subject, hence the earlier mention of Factory Banking, since no one has thought that much about it and there are still only a very few people who understand it. Factory Banking is a pretty tight (mathematical and logical) hypothesis though.
If you look closely at Harrison's Factory Banking hypothesis, it resolves a lot of these questions by inputting a period of time where there is "realignment". His whole contention is that disruption is a very very short-lived event once it reaches critical mass (around about now); after that there is economic realignment whereby a lot of things are shifted about ... so for a period of time there's a currency such as Bitcoin, there's one such as Etherium (for other purposes mainly to do with consensus-economies such as political economies where voting is taking place or candidates are fund-raising) and then finally there is the dollar, sterling etc. as well as gold (gold only for a little bit before it becomes worth the value of its technological capability only - whatever that is likely to be). 
According to Harrison's Factory Banking hypothesis, this realignment period is ultimately usurped and replaced by another period - Economic Genesis. It's a genesis because effectively it's a whole new beginning, and in this world there's Bitcoin as the intermediary, there's the Etherium-type currency used in political / campaign economics, and there is sovereign currency but only represented as digital sovereign (which is still used for buying everyday goods). Bitcoin's fractional quality is, according to the hypothesis set out in Factory Banking, what makes it ideal as the intermediary between the physical and the virtual world - a kind of automatic exchange rate that looks more like an interest rate than anything else. Because on one side you have a whole host of traditional currencies, on the other you got loads of virtual currencies, and both of them are constantly inflating as the Internet of Things starts kick-starting the economic engine into overdrive. So what do you do? Have constant inflation volatility? No, says Harrison - you put Bitcoin in between them and it's infinite fractionalization effectively cancels out, or neutralizes the inflation volatility. 
But either way - these are going to be interesting times, for sure.    
@_date: 2015-06-20 23:22:23
This is the premise of Factory Banking developed by Daniel Harrison - it's essentially a mechanism by which the banks become disintermediated. It's inevitable. They simply cannot compete in a digital economy.
@_date: 2015-06-20 23:42:12
It's debatable how useful these ATMs are. That's not to say that Bitcoin is not useful - just that it's not really designed for spending "in the same way" that sovereign currency units are.
@_date: 2015-06-21 12:15:46
Agreed, but maybe not long term, that's all. Eventually all money will be digital in format, as well as all payment, surely?