@_author: marzhall
@_date: 2014-01-21 13:43:31
Just a rhetorical aside, for the future:
Instead of: secondly, thirdly, etc., you can just say "second, third, etc." Second, third, etc. are already adverbs, so you don't need to add the 'ly' suffix - it's redundant. Hope that helps :)
@_date: 2014-01-08 22:52:58
OP here - sorry for the paywalled link, just got home and checked on my computer - it loaded fine on my phone (from which I posted it), and so I wasn't aware it would have issues.
@_date: 2014-03-05 20:17:41
[Here you go. It's often used by trolls as a guide on pedantry.] (
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:03:52
He needs to prove damages and malicious intent. If the papers can make a decent argument for believing their facts to be true, and can say they did it in good faith, he won't be able to get anything done. It's actually pretty hard to win cases like this.
@_date: 2014-01-08 22:56:45
Larger news outlets still have editors and fact-checkers, who take some time to make sure things are up-to-snuff. In the time of the internet, this sucks at first glance - because you can just watch twitter for updates - but you can have a lot more faith in the voice of a journal or a paper because you know its quality, while some guy on btc-e or a rumor running around twitter doesn't have to answer for being wrong. It's a trade-off, for sure, but I think both have their place.
@_date: 2017-05-12 12:24:44
Maybe have a "long-term storage" wallet at home, and a separate "smaller purchases" wallet for your phone that you transfer to occasionally when your phone gets low on BTC?
@_date: 2013-12-31 16:32:47
True, but reporting vulnerabilities is not the same as catching them while in the process of being committed to the kernel.
@_date: 2013-12-29 17:10:33
For context, the climate in 1998 was over-hype; it was during the dot-com bubble, when people were expecting the internet to go to the moon and grow exponentially forever. Krugman was reacting to that, essentially trying to warn people that this would not be as disruptive of a technology as was thought, and that the current market was a bubble. While in the long term he was not correct, in the short term, the bubble *did* burst, and a lot of people lost a lot of money. It's important to keep that context in mind; a lot of people are just attacking him based on what we know now, and part of a prediction is the context in which it was made.
@_date: 2013-12-29 21:26:31
He doesn't acknowledge it as much as point out that (where hole-digging is neutral in economic good produced) WWII was negative in economic goods produced - which makes sense, because everything was going to the war effort and being destroyed, but it still brought us out of the recession. I suppose this is to assert that the returned product is not the thing that gets us out of the recession, but the fact that there's many people receiving (and spending) stable income, and I'm guessing this also has to do with the inflation discussion they're having (which we don't get to see). That said, it's the reporter who brings up the hole-digging example and asserts that that's the mentality behind this immediately after Rogoff explicitly says it's not desired. 
Though I think the hole-digging idea is stupid (why not just give people the stable income instead of making them do worthless things for it?), I suppose that it could be a explained as a roundabout way of approaching the general idea of government spending picking up for a slacking market until the market uses that income to pick itself back up. It would give people a stable source of income to invest in things they want to buy, giving those companies the demand necessary to hire workers and investors reason to invest in those companies, etc., kick-starting the economy into continuing the process as people move off of government wages and onto private companies. This was the motivation for the Bush stimulus (which was not even a half-hearted attempt at that, really; one free check is not the same as stable income, and would likely be used to pay off loans or saved instead of bolstering the economy through purchases). 
However, as Rugoff suggests (and Krugman also asserts when he says it would be a combination of what Rugoff and he proposed that would solve the recession), a proper approach would be to employ people to build infrastructure that creates the opportunity for new enterprises in its own right, which gives us that effect of people buying as they would with stable employment in addition to people now having money to invest in the new infrastructure through building businesses/houses etc. 
To be honest, that clip is is a bit neutered because we don't get the full argument of Rugoff and Krugman, just enough to fit the Alien comment in. I'd be interested to see what the comments regarding inflation were, as I'm not super familiar with the discussion on that topic.
@_date: 2013-12-29 17:02:49
The current discussion in this comment thread is about the biases of the bitcoin supporters in their response to Krugman, and how they may be reacting to their disagreement of his issues with Bitcoin by belittling everything he's ever said. Comparing them to a person's past experience with religious people is on point, as it addresses the topic of discussion.
@_date: 2013-12-31 17:05:12
With the Linux model, I don't need documents to indicate either way.
@_date: 2013-12-29 16:46:02
Technically, but he's not a war monger; he's in the "government spending in a recession is good for the economy" camp. He often uses WWII and the great depression as an example. A quote that sums him up:
"What we need is actually the financial equivalent of war," he said during a talk at the 92nd Street Y in Manhattan. "What actually brought the Great Depression to an end was the enormous public spending program otherwise known as World War II."
- From LazyLeader's [third link]( down below
*Edit: Fixed LazyLeader's name*
@_date: 2013-12-29 21:53:03
I'm actually in favor of guaranteed basic income as well - that's a really good point that it's another way to have a constant flow of money into the economy, I hadn't thought of that, and I wonder how that would affect boom/bust cycles in the market. As for propping up selected companies, yeah, I agree, mostly on the basis that the government regularly gets screwed on contracts, and going straight to individual spenders working with market interests would likely be more beneficial. That said, some things like roads and bridges generally make sense as public work projects. Thanks also for the explanation on inflation - I had never thought about that.
@_date: 2013-12-29 19:05:36


No worries, it happens. That explains why you had such an immediate reaction to that statement. :)


To be honest, I would see the alien defense mechanisms as just another space-race. You could argue that all of the technology and spending to build capsules that sat on the moon and created national pride were otherwise worthless, but the actual technological buildup required to be able to do those things created and improved a great amount of the "space-age" technology we have today. While getting to the moon was intended as a "fuck you" to the Russians, the government research and spending from it was a huge boost to our economy. I think it'd go down the same way building alien defense mechanisms, though I'd rather we focused on something more beneficial, such as space-mining. I think Krugman is using alien war as an example only to draw on his favorite parallel of WWII and the Great Depression again.
Again, the World Trade Center comments were in the context of a small recession in business investment, and he was hoping that the overall spending to rebuilld the towers would result in something more economically beneficial than the original. Instead of replacing the broken window with just another window, he was hoping it would get replaced with bullet-proof glass or guerrilla glass or some other thing that is overall going to benefit the establishment, and in the process stir up interest in the business so that other places decide to buy bullet-proof/guerrilla glass as well. While he would rather people just started buying those things, he was presenting to his audience a possible way the fall of the Towers could benefit the economy instead of just hurting it.
In that same mentality, an earthquake could end up being beneficial if it wiped out a whole bunch of old and worn-out infrastructure and which was then replaced with new and improved infrastructure that allowed for more jobs and opportunities in that area (after the rebuilding was complete - for example, the new infrastructure allowed for the creation of new homes/ gas stations, etc.), but it would be better if people just decided to improve that infrastructure of their own accord.
@_date: 2013-12-29 17:48:54
First, to respond to your bolding of "awesome as they are," he's using that in the classical sense of awesome - that is, inspiring awe - not the teenager sense of "awesome dude, that's totally radical." This is 3 days after 9/11, he's trying to establish that although the fall of the Towers was a very powerful event, and he's not belittling that fact, economically it may not be as powerful as the awe inspired by it. 


In neo-keynesian theories war during a recession is a good thing, but only as an extension of the idea that spending during a recession is a good thing.
In contrast, excessive spending during an economic boom is bad -whether in the form of war or anything else- because in a bull market the government is supposed to be taxing and saving in order to mitigate the effects of the next bust (which will inevitably occur), and allowing the market to work its magic and better the economy. In Keynesian economics, the government is meant to be a buffer from the markets, lessening the damage done by any individual bust, meaning that each bust does not set us as far back as it would had there been no spending buffer by the government.
The argument over Keynesian economics is whether or not the government buffering the busts at the cost of lowering the booms is overall beneficial to the economy. You can argue whether an unimpeded boom/bust cycle with no regulation nor government spending would be better than a buffered model with Keynesian economics, but that is a different argument.
This is - I think - your main misunderstanding of Keynesian theory, and why you keep interpreting his statements as meaning "destruction is a good" thing in Keynesian economics. Destruction is not beneficial at any point, because it weakens the economy - any economist, including Krugman, will agree with you on that point, as anyone who's taken econ 101 will have heard the parable of the broken window. 


It makes sense that he's discussing the economic function of the WTC; that's the whole point of the article. He's addressing a very confused and worried public who are not sure how the destruction of the towers is going to affect the economy.
As for the second quote, he's saying that there's been a downturn in business investment, and now there's going to be some (small, as he notes) business investment. This benefit of this hinges on the business investment being greater than the cost of the towers, but it is still entirely possible that there will be an overall economic benefit - albeit a "pinprick" of one.
The man is not as nuts as seems to want him to be. Does he have a Keynesian mindset and a liberal spending bias in recessions? Yes. Does he not have a good grasp on Bitcoin? Certainly. But his comments do have some reasoning behind them, and treating him as just some crazy waving his hands and shouting nonsense will only alienate people new to Bitcoin who are interested in seeing the response to Krugman's thoughts.
@_date: 2013-12-31 16:12:08
Being a POSIX (unixy) system just means you have to have a certain structure to your operating system - someone on a POSIX system knows the general libraries it has available for programmers, the programs available on the operating system by default, etc. The actual code that makes those things work can look very different between operating systems, which means you can have different bugs in them - and bugs, or "exploits," are how hackers get access they shouldn't have.
Specifically, the kernel of Mac OSX, which is the base part of an OS and is the software that handles things like permissions, implements some POSIX features with different code than Linux. This means that the bugs used to get administrator rights (in POSIX, root access) in OSX aren't necessarily there in the Linux kernel, and vice versa, unless they're both using the same code to implement a certain feature. Programs that are run on those operating systems will be different as well, meaning if you find a bug in a program running as root on an OSX phone, android could be using a different program for the same purpose - and possibly, different android phones could be using different programs themselves.
Tying this all together, phones with android will have many different versions of Linux/android on them, in addition to different programs that are running as root that you might be able to hijack, meaning the code will have different bugs in it, and you need to know which versions are there before you can get access. iOS will have one version distributed to everyone, with the same bugs, making it a much easier target - you always know exactly what virus to run to get access.
Finally, Linux has the "eyeball advantage" - where OSX's code is only looked at by Mac developers, Linux is looked at by many developers, meaning bugs are more likely to be found and fixed, and purposely implanted bugs for the NSA are less likely to get put there in the first place.
@_date: 2013-12-29 16:36:51
I grabbed the PDF from the actual study, but sadly it doesn't go into which predictions they chose to rate him (or the rest of the pundits) on. That said, their reasoning in how they rated the different factors looked well-thought-out. Can't really make a call, though, if I'm not given the true source data.
@_date: 2013-12-31 16:54:19
Considering my best bet is on Mac cooperating with the NSA to install backdoors, I'd say even in a non-ideal world it's likely an advantage.