@_author: maskofthefuture
@_date: 2018-02-27 06:40:33
Lol, I can give you pointers, but not the whole scheme, you gotta finish it up yourself, depending on what you need. I'm NOT the first person to do it, in fact there are 1000s people like me, I know many of them.
I think this will be deleted anyway as "tax evasion OMG" shit, but let's see.
Forget about FBAR. I'm not gonna say which jurisdiction, but there is a reputable one in SEA where you can still open a company and a bank account without KYC. Let's put it this way, the bank will still know who you are and what you do, but they will find a way to not report (say different name on account). Yes, you still have to be present to open the account, but the bank will know exactly what to do to not report it (in SEA anything is possible for a fee).
Next, it really depends on how much money you want to bring, what do you want to buy and you gotta be smart. There are still debit cards out there with no name (from EU actually). I mean, not that the name is not printed on the card, but it's actually anonymous in the system. These are high limit cards so you go around and withdraw. This is just 1 of the ways.
Buying house is actually not so bad. Foreign entity can buy a house in USA and you just "rent" it. There is even a way to get a "loan" from outside of USA to buy a house and repay it.
Of course you cannot do it all with 0 income, you will be questioned. So make sure you show something. But in fact, I personally know 1 crazy dude who made millions, bought a boat and smuggled these millions into USA. I believe it's stupid, because now he has hard times spending that money, but he just goes around paying cash for everything (even rent).
Thing is, you cannot do all that from USA. You gotta get out there and organize it all. It's not expensive actually. We're talking 10-20k here. So yeah, not worth it if you have 100k to hide.
And it gets somewhat easier if you have relatives in other countries. Brother in law from India, sister in law from Russia, whatever. Go marry a foreigner with siblings lol
@_date: 2018-02-26 07:57:33
Well maybe you need to fucking educate yourself, big shot. Sure, you make a lot more than 10k, big shot. Then why don't you look at the map and see that the world !=USA. Why don't you go to another country, open a company there and get a bank account in that country under your company? Oh wait, you big shot probably didn't know that you can trade your gorillions (you do have them, right) under this company and easily move money to your company bank account. Then, if you don't know how to bring that money to USA without triggering all this "will report, will report omg" I feel bad for you.
You gotta be fucking creative and if you're not, big shot, you make gorillions, so maybe spend some of it to hire someone to do it for you. There are many ways to do it, you just gotta start thinking outside of your Shitholeville, Alabama.
@_date: 2018-02-26 04:30:31
Lmao, not gonna happen. Gotta be smart and it's easy to pay 0 tax.
@_date: 2018-02-25 09:21:41
I can't stress enough. If you're paying taxes on your crypto gains you're... not smart. The whole point of crypto is not to pay tax, to get out of control. Be creative, find a way to pay 0 or very little.