@_author: maskiatlan
@_date: 2011-09-25 12:48:07
Pozdrav. Razumijemo li se?
U biti sam imao prvu prezentaciju kroz "Razmjenu vještina" u Osijeku. Razmjena vještina postoji i u Zagrebu u klubu "Mama". Pošto je na prvom predavanju bilo desetak ljudi odlučili smo ići na organiziranje još prezentacija (ekonomski faks u Osijeku i sl).  , tu je zadnja najava ima negdje i mailing lista. Ja nisam član udruge, već sam više "slobodni strijelac" ali se planiram više angažirati i na drugim projektima udruge. Ako si već nešto isprogramirao vezano za bitcoin, moja prezentacija bi ti bila možda previše bazična, pošto sam se ja fokusirao na osnove. Imaš kakvu ideju?
@_date: 2011-09-25 09:06:59
What we had in former Yugoslavia was:
and it was one of the reasons that war happened.
After and during the war there were some "local" currencies (eg.: Krajinski Dinar) that all went into hyperinflation and collapse. Former Yougoslavia and countires that went out of it would be a great example how not to run the economy. 
Currently the Croatian Kuna is stable and pegged to Euro with strong exchange rate, which makes our economy not competitive in export. Most of the people save in euro (if they have something to save). Private and public debt is very high, also high are trade deficit, private debt default, budget deficit, there is internal insolvency for state debt, etc etc. So our economic future will be interesting :-)
My main goal was to show people that there are some alternatives. Just to open their mind.
So our future will be interesting.    
@_date: 2011-09-25 08:56:26
I hope anything gets big here. My region is behind in everything and only "thing" is to leave it to find work somewhere else. 
Croatia in general is nice (coast is great in summer), but unemployment is very high, economy is in decline.
@_date: 2011-09-25 08:51:38
Hi. There are no "resource" websites as far as I know. There are some articles and posts floating around. Ill send you a message with more details. 
@_date: 2013-02-08 23:29:00
I don't think so. This is a major step in non-government issued currencies. This Amzn-coin would be backed by huge efficiency of delivery, goods stock and market share of Amazon corporate entity. This news is HUGE.