@_author: massive-cunt
@_date: 2013-12-19 19:19:58
That has been my exact experience as well on YC. They tend to be more mature and professional as most of the time you have to have a brain to engage in discussions there, and the members tend to adhere to basic social decorum. I singled out reddit as you would generally think such behaviour would be kept to a minimum but I guess in these times it's all too easy to express hatred and bias against those whom are perceived to be in "better" positions. However I am pleased that the general consensus as the thread developed were more supportive of coming to a resolution. This subforum in particular is prone to massive circle-jerking sometimes. Good luck with your future ventures. I don't come on my "other" account a lot as I have sufficed that I would be better off utilizing Reddit for entertainment purposes than engaging in serious discussions about investments and trading. Many people [here] are not interested in legitimate discussions pertaining to those subjects. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 18:42:40
Don't bother explaining anything to some of these people, reddit hates successful people; those young in particular. On my other (real) account they flamed me and overpowered my thread because of my success in life at such a young age. There are a lot of hateful people who cant wrap around their minds around the fact that there are young successful people in this community/world. I'm not saying this particular person you're engaging in discussion with is one of them but I've noticed it happened on this thread and it has happened on various other threads as well. 
EDIT - with the recent price drop in BT particularly many people are left with a bitter and defeated taste in their mouths, seeing others being able to weather such predicaments with even larger amounts invested is sure to make some feel uncomfortable and insecure. I'm glad you've got this issue sorted out and perhaps this was the only way to have such a peaceful resolution to your problem. 