@_author: massimosclaw
@_date: 2016-04-14 11:31:29
Ah thanks so much for your help! 
Yeah I had already known the concept of it being a push-based payment system. That's why I was trying or thinking of looking for solutions out there that automate the pushing on behalf of the user (unless they are uncomfortable with that). 
So I was thinking of adding the prepaid option as well.
Ah thats sad :(. Maybe there's a country out there with very lenient banking regulations and someone has created a fiat/BTC interface there? 
I really dislike the limit my bank puts on my monthly income. I understand why they do it, I'd just rather have true freedom. That's why I'm trying to go with Bitcoin. I'd rather not have to deal with all the questioning and annoyance of the bank if I pass a certain number on my account. 
Actually that's a pretty good idea! Thank you so much for the suggestion. Since there's no limit to spending on credit cards, that could work wonderfully. 
So I suppose keep them separate. Credit card holders pay, it goes to my bank account. I try to automate some sort of system that purchases Bitcoin with a percentage, and a limit. Bitcoin users pay, and that goes through a normal bitcoin payment gate and to my Bitcoin account.
@_date: 2016-05-31 14:15:31
Of course not. I was trying to look for the easiest way for me, that won't be prone to error, like other payment gates. I was looking to use this payment processing API: 
I'm simply looking for help on how to safely integrate Bitcoin into my business with minimal effort. 
@_date: 2016-05-31 18:13:06
Hm okay, sorry I misread you then. You seemed at the very least irritated. 
I don't think I'm making  a big deal out of it.. I just meant to say I felt slightly upset by the "this will never happen" message on something I've been working really hard on for months. 
Well... I suppose you'd want to care about avoiding conflict if you want to persuade the other side of your view. That's, I think, the whole point of commenting or voicing your views, right? Otherwise what's the point of starting conflict or even coming into contact with it if it doesn't promote the person you're talking to to seriously consider your views? Otherwise it's just causing pain, and no help where it could have potentially been life-changing and meaningful to the other person. 
@_date: 2016-05-31 14:26:48
Ah thanks for the heads up. Mycelium seems great, thank you for that as well! :) 
 
@_date: 2016-05-31 14:39:03
Yeah I got confused for a bit there. I thought there were limitations on my users, now I'm guessing the limitations are on me - and, if I've read you correctly, you're saying either side can pick whatever wallet they want. The Mycellium/Electrum thing is unrelated, and (by blockchain notifier I'm assuming it's the part that posts the transactions publicly), but not sure if that's what you mean by looks for transaction to specific addresses. 
@_date: 2016-05-31 17:14:03
I'm interested in Monero but worried that it might not include the much larger Bitcoin economy, and might create more hassle in the long run for those wanting to spend with Bitcoin. And ah dammit D: did not know that about automated merchant services.
@_date: 2016-05-31 23:28:05
Maybe I should've phrased it "looking to start" "wanting to start" "eager to learn" I don't know how else to put it so as not to seem malicious or weird. 
It's not a Bitcoin university that teaches people about Bitcoin. It's a Bitcoin-only (no fiat) university - one that accepts only bitcoins, and offers online uni courses in creativity.
@_date: 2016-05-31 14:46:59
Ah okay, I think I know what you mean, thank you for the clarification. Luckily their documentation seems friendly to those who are unfamiliar with Bitcoin payment processors, I'll dive into that. 
@_date: 2016-05-31 16:20:06
Which is more suspicious, to convert $20K fiat to bitcoin, or to convert bitcoin to fiat?
Or is it equally suspicious to convert $20K bitcoin to fiat? On my end, how do I avoid raising flags when converting large amounts of money?
I also want to know if my users would have a hard time converting that amount in fiat (if they're new to bitcoin), and if so, I think it might be good practice to recommend to them the monthly paid option instead.
@_date: 2016-05-31 17:37:47
I see you still seem bothered by it. Sorry if I offended you. I feel a little hurt that you'd call it a penny stock course, or a hippie art course, because I don't think it is.  Conflict only creates tribalism, which creates more conflict, which does not solve problems. I'm interested in having a discussion, a dialogue, not a debate. Debate is out to win. You need persuasion in every line of business. People are not dying to buy stuff.
Conflict occurs when  a person doesn’t seek your advice but you advise them.
So the way to get along with people is to let them be what they are unless they say I don’t seem to get along with jews whats my problem? Very few people say “What do you think of my value system?” If they do that and it’s sincere, not an ego thing... You can advise, but don't seem like you're advising.
If they ask a question, thats where you can get in and suggest but if they don’t, don’t s superimpose your values even if they’re better
If you suggest, 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5
and they say I don’t like 4 and 5,
don’t argue. 
If my brother is out in the lawn using a shovel, and I come up to him and say "you're doing it the wrong way!" you think that's going to convince him in the long term? 
But if I instead mind my own business, and if he comes over to me and says "Hey do you know how I could use this shovel better?" I give advice, but I don't make it seem like I'm giving advice. I say "I used to do it that way, but another person taught me to push it down with my leg, and that was easier"
In my post I didn't ask whether or not my business would work. 
So in other words... do the exact opposite of what I just did. I just gave advice on how to not start conflict... and I'm betting I'll start more conflict. I just couldn't resist the temptation to leave that bit here, because it benefitted me and it just might benefit you, but I'm probably wrong.
@_date: 2016-05-31 17:02:27
You seem irritated or upset at the possibility of a Bitcoin university because of high tuition prices, and how that may hurt students in the long run. I agree with your stance, and I'd go so far as to say I go further with that thinking.
I am currently trying to figure out a way to prevent people from taking out student loans/going into debt. One way I was going to do it with fiat is maintain a strict policy, to find out if the person has gone into debt for the course, if so, we refund their money and put it them on a Do Not Sell list. We tell this to the consumers, and hopefully that stops anybody from doing that. We also tell them that if they are already in debt, we send them an ebook on how to get out of it, and how to raise money, and to come back to us when they're at a good spot.
However, with Bitcoin, I'm not sure how I could organize that. Still figuring it out.
To give a little bit more background about what I'm trying to do since you seem suspicious:
Most universities tire students with tests, quizzes, homework, and grades.
Four things which create stress, frustration, and envy.  
The consequences? Zero information absorption
70% of the thinking part of our brain shuts off when we’re scared - and that halts all learning.
 
All this pain for nothing.
Most universities give out degrees
That creates a false incentive that isn’t about learning, but about status. I understand status is useful in this economy, but we purposefully avoid it to avoid anybody doing it purely for a degree. We want only those who want to learn.
So what do we have to increase memory retention and engagement? 
Stories.  no tests, no quizzes, no homework. A 7-part (each an hour long) creativity and art discovery audio course (a la Radiolab), stories mixed with music, and sound design to teach people *why* and *how* to go about looking for art. A monthly installment delivered with supplemental resources (our sources, science, and extra lectures)
Life-long learning is about ecstasy not suffering through midterms
If kids aren’t learning the way we teach, maybe we should teach the way they learn. 
The main course I'm offering is a creativity and art discovery course. 
The premise is like this: 
"A child never writes his own alphabet" - Jacque Fresco
 
"You can't exceed your environment. If you give a cannibal a watch, he doesn't look at it and say "the gears are not precise, they are ten thousandth of an inch off" He doesn't say that. It's impossible. That's what I mean by you can't exceed your environment. You can't exceed what you've been exposed to." - Jacque Fresco
If you can't exceed what you've been exposed to, then the key to mastering whatever it is you want to master is environment expansion - in other words, collecting a great deal of information on a particular subject. 
Well, I'm doing it focusing mainly on the Bitcoin economy. So I'm trying to not to make it a hassle by not focusing on those who are not familiar with Bitcoin. 
Finally 


After explaining what I mean by my experimental university, I care because I might be sharing copyrighted content. [This]( explains my view on copyright pretty concisely. So far I've gone with as much decentralization and anonymity as possible. I simply don't want to have to deal with [the headache]( of a group of people's morals being forced on me. 
@_date: 2016-05-31 13:59:24
That's really what I'm trying to do. Haven't got the kind of capital to hire someone right now. Could you point me to the most essential resources? Any books?
@_date: 2016-05-31 17:26:40
I think that with the integration of increasing [perceived value techniques]( [Jeff Walker style Launch marketing]( some [persuasion supplementation]( using [stories in marketing]( [Neuromarketing]( [Web Copy techniques]( and many others, all put together in combination - anything's possible. How possible something is I think depends on your perception, and how and if you are familiar with persuasion and how businesses persuade and make something sound 'fair'. 
Second, I don't actually mind getting pirated. If those people want it and can't afford it, they should have it. I don't want to stop them. I don't view it as a loss.
I'd rather not go the route of donations... it's honestly too much work. 
@_date: 2016-07-17 13:15:42
Yeah, was thinking of doing that but I live in a country where so far, I haven't been able to purchase Bitcoin (really wanted to but even LocalBitcoins didn't have em), sometimes there would be a few users available selling Bitcoin and then it would go away instantly. 
@_date: 2016-07-17 18:22:47
Good idea :o! Thank you. Will definitely do this. 
@_date: 2016-05-31 17:03:03
Sorry for not elaborating. It's an online university, I explain in the other comment.
@_date: 2016-07-17 13:48:17
I really hope it starts gaining traction soon, this is an awesome project! 
@_date: 2016-07-17 13:13:25
Hm I'm afraid of a few things 
1. Selling where people don't want to be sold to. Especially because it's a high-price/high-end product (which delivers double the value. Not just high-priced for the sake of it).
2. It's not obvious from my site as soon as the user enters that it's Bitcoin-only yet. This is due to a launch funnel I set up for my product (course) where I don't want to sell from the start (or even mention ways of paying), but prove credibility, and value before I sell through an email list, aesthetics, and also in the future I do want to accept fiat payments, so I don't want to *only* attract Bitcoin users, and I'm afraid by putting on the site "Bitcoin-only" might be a detractor. However, I guess the solution would just be "We accept Bitcoin" put on a landing page or something similar. 
@_date: 2016-07-17 13:30:24
:o I was not aware of that. I guess I was only looking at sellers who offer national bank transfer. Thank you, checking all the options now.