@_author: masterum
@_date: 2016-08-02 07:29:27


Do you mind explaining it to me in layman's terms? I find his style to be very hard to understand. My main issue is that I can't see how the point can be proven without the claim "there is always a way to spend more computational power to get the block reward, no matter the protocol". Can this statement ever be proven? I might be missing some assumption about some defining characteristic of what PoS is.


Yup I had to step away and could not think of a better expression. I guess monetary economics would be better suited.
@_date: 2016-08-01 08:51:46
What specifically don't you like?
What do you suggest can be done, and by whom?
@_date: 2016-08-01 08:58:20
"Banks got greedy" - bullshit, banks got regulated, specifically they got very strict guidelines on whom they can and can't loan to. Not being able to vet obviously irresponsible creditors (forbidden as this often correlated with minorities) created huge amount of bad loans. That is the source of the problem, everything else is just a consequence.
The aforementioned "greedy banks" then obviously got insolvent and were absorbed by "too big to fail" banks that were bailed out. Not a good job of "getting greedy" by bankers.
If someone is making an educational video they should at least point out the real problem.
@_date: 2016-08-03 07:03:17


Custodian and provided to the Sponsor, who will display the signed messages on their website to 
publicly demonstrate proof of control.  The message to be signed can be the mined hash of a 
predetermined block height, which is guaranteed to be both easily verifiable and unknown in 
That's god damn right!
I don't know that Michael B. Casey dude, but I sure like him.
PS. I'm not an idiot and I do realize that drives the cost of ETF up a bit, but since it's a fixed premium this is likely insignificant.
PPS. Anyone knows what is the suggested management fee? Is it on the application?
@_date: 2016-08-02 09:52:40


Not an argument: according to currently accepted laws of thermodynamics, that would be impossible. New discoveries might change that, but for now that's not the case.


a) I hope you know what you are talking about, i.e. you are familiar with the recent white papers on the subject.
b) Yet. Again, unless I'm missing something fundamental about what PoS is, in which case I'd be glad if anyone could explain it to me.
@_date: 2016-08-03 22:22:52
Thank you for your reply.
I did google for it before engaging in this discussion, but could not connect the dots between "Any PoS" and "stake grinding is possible". Not saying that's not true, totally accepting my limited understanding of the matter.
Also, I don't understand the downvotes... I'm discussing a purely technical issue in a polite and rational manner. Do people feel that any questioning of anti-PoS position is an assault on Bitcoin? That just seems weird to me.
@_date: 2016-08-02 10:10:54
True. Still we can consider it much more likely that a violation of regulation would take a form of "get rich quick" scheme involving couple of people at the top rather then adopting new technologies.
@_date: 2016-08-02 02:38:29
I'm used to reading economic research, yet what this guy claims makes little to no sense to me. Specifically:
1. His entire claim "PoS = PoW" relies on a notion that all validators in PoS system will constantly engage in an attack he describes as "attack-phenomenon known as “stake grinding”, a version of PoW (“attempting multiple-block chain-histories until you found a history which granted you the coins”)". I'm not closely familiar with existing and proposed PoS systems, but what if such attack is impossible?
2. His entire claim that "&gt;0 rent is incompatible with peer-to-peer money" relies on what appears to be a fuzzy definition of rent and an illogical claim "If all peers are equal, how can some be forced to assume (and endure) a subordinate position?". Duh, what about Bitcoin and miners? Peers are equal but miners are not. One can decide to stay in subordinate position as long as belonging to the group (in subordinate position) is more beneficial then not belonging to it.
3. The rest of his voluminous article is seemingly rife with claims of dubious correctness and relevancy.
tl/dr: read for yourself, treat with care. I wasn't convinced by any of it, and I'm not the worst when it comes to monetary policies.
@_date: 2016-08-01 08:10:54


Not to counter, but to add: as long as emitting banks' reputation can support that. Such reputation can be gained solely (solely!) by transparency, and this is how it was done historically in US. So while money supply indeed can get big, the actual amount of underlying collateral is known to everyone (in case of blockchain) and each bank's leverage is also likely known. So in reality there would be a practical limit.


That is a statement worthy of discussion of its own :) I'm not willing to go there, but I'd just say that a) unification in many areas of enterprise is a key to efficiency, and banking might just be one of such areas b) banking definitely tends to consolidate in modern "bankrupt all banks by regulating lending practices to ruinous levels, bail out biggest banks as systemically important".
PS. Thank you for engaging in this meaningful and interesting conversation with me. Faith in humanity and all that.
@_date: 2016-08-02 03:19:51
Your question made me go on a reading spree (last time I've seriously inquired into this topic was years ago, and now both my knowledge and available information have changed) and ultimately alter my position, so thank you for that.
I can still claim to assign at least some blame to vetting regulation (specifically "Community Reinvestment Act" and subsequent changes to it, as well as internal guidelines for state's Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac - I could not find specific act - that required 55% of loans to be given out to low- or moderate-income households), but I can't defend it being the primary reason.
The more correct approach would be that state's F&amp;F created a situation where vetting process was extremely relaxed, local banks were mostly cut off from the mortgage business, and real risks behind MBSs were obscured from the investors. 
I feel the need to oppose statements like "banks got greedy!" due to this being used to justify even more state control over economy (greedy is bad! we must shoot greedy people!), which is already at ridiculous and unsustainable levels.
Overall this is a nice, if a bit verbose wiki specific to the topic: 
@_date: 2016-08-01 07:51:29


Yes, states can and do borrow, and historically war bonds were ubiquitous. They were also often forced on entire population or a part of it. Note that a) obvious forcing is obvious and expensive b) not being able to print your way out of bonds is a big deal and, again, is expensive. So war bonds are possible, and my only point would be that they only take state so far - and that's not very far.


There's that propaganda floating around that fractional reserve banking is somehow bad. No, fractional reserve banking IS banking - assuming the bank is more then just a deposit box service. You lend money to the bank at 3%, bank does professional due diligence and lends it at 6%, while keeping a reserve (badum-tss) to defend against reasonable bank runs. The problem is the state deposit insurance, which removes the due diligence and the reserve from the equation.


Oh no, not impossible. Just much much harder. Note that outward violence is expensive, and having convenient alternative that is hard to control (hard to prove ownership, hard to confiscate) will make forcing fiat that much harder.


The question is how this payment is organized. Is it violent minority (state) confiscating/stealing funds to create dependent classes, or is it a system of private charities.


I happen to think I have a very serious idea on how that can be done. I have not been exposed to viable counter-arguments despite debating it frequently. In a nutshell: instead of state's monopoly on violence a stable system can exist with competing defense agencies that rely on voluntary participation. Yes, it means no state, I know, shocking. I'd be glad to discuss it or to point you to more resources if you are interested.


Got your attention, so that's something already ;)
@_date: 2018-01-23 01:59:41
WTF all the other commenters.
Use them on your mobile only, never on Windows computer.
Record the seed phrase on paper. Not in your google docs, not on your desktop, don't print it via printer, just pen and paper.
Once the transaction is received, save the public address (in electronic form, that's not secret) and remove the wallet app from your phone.
You are welcome.
@_date: 2018-01-23 11:21:15
Can you please elaborate on the "would it be OK" bit? Just my personal opinion, my casual preferences, or are we suggesting universal rules here? If we are suggesting universal rules, how do you suggest they be enforced, who and how will have to act against the employer?
I'm not just nitpicking words here, what I'm asking is crucial.
This being said, I draw the line at violence and violation of property rights, i.e. if person A pays person B to kill or steal, I support use of force against person A.
@_date: 2018-01-21 02:06:37
The network (every full node) will only accept the next block that has hash (signature of the entire block) that is less than certain value. We call this value "difficulty".
For this end in addition to all required data such as transactions etc the block has some arbitrary data attached to it - we call it the nonce.
The trial and error is trying different values of the nonce until finding one that satisfies difficulty requirement.
@_date: 2018-01-16 00:01:31
jaxx.io, use it on mobile (not desktops) for safety, first thing you do is record 12 words of backup phrase on paper. Assuming you bought on exchange, first withdraw a tiny amount, when it appears in the wallet with draw the rest. Paying transaction fees twice is worth it, trust me.
@_date: 2018-01-18 21:45:15
 - Total difficulty is known from the chain itself (i.e. we can estimate the TH/s that was used to mine the last 10 blocks with good degree of certainty). This would be the current mining capacity deployed.
 - We can now take the most efficient existing miner, or some popular last gen miner, go give us approximate Watts per TH/s.
 - This gives us approximate total consumption by all miners in the world, in Watts.
 - Divide this by daily transactions and you have your W/h per transaction.
@_date: 2018-01-23 11:17:02
OP doesn't seem like he will be sending much, or at all. Every wallet supports BIP-39. Why make him wait for hardware wallet shipment if he can just get any reputable wallet and be done with it in an hour. Also unless his phone is hacked it might be the safest option to just receive and hold.
@_date: 2018-01-29 19:53:55
This is already all spelled out in simple language, do you have some specific questions?
tl/dr for people who don't want to read the original: just a couple of obvious bland predictions that cryptos will still be popular in 2018. Very smart ass brother, gosh.
@_date: 2018-01-29 22:27:07
Only in a couple of unlikely eventualities when the size of the crypto market gets comparable to CBOE/CME - and as such times get closer reliance on futures can be phased out.
Otherwise (eliminating countrerparty risk due to size) I don't see issues. Can you elaborate what scenario do you have in mind?
@_date: 2018-01-29 20:00:19
Transparency is there not for its own sake, but solely to facilitate concensus. Blockchain is one way for everyone to agree on something. Unless everyone knows exactly what is it that they are agreeing upon, how can they agree?
...or at least this was the case 9 years ago. Nowadays you have zkSnarks (and zkStarks) that actually let people agree on things they don't know. Also there are some anonymity-specific cryptos working on different principles: Monero, Dash.
@_date: 2018-01-20 01:37:59
We know, we know, legacy banking system sucks, that's why we are here. Last leap before the freedom, you can do it.
@_date: 2018-01-23 02:02:47


That's a double-edged sword you are wielding here, do you see it? What do you mean by "can"? Legally? I don't care. Actually? Sure, I don't see why certain terms of employment are different from others (violence, theft and lies aside).
@_date: 2018-01-29 19:57:00
That's certainly false, as Robinhood will not allow you to deposit crypto, only buy it. Source: CEO.
@_date: 2018-01-24 03:28:52
You specifically asked "Where do you draw the line?", and I've answered your question.
I repeat: if you think employment discrimination by, say, religion is wrong, what do you suggest to be done in that case? How would that be enforced and by whom?
@_date: 2018-01-03 21:57:04
Sad you are going downvoted, people see the headline and click. Thank you for posting.
@_date: 2018-01-29 20:10:31
Good question, which I believe was not answered in the press release that only stated "Robinhood will find an exchange with the best price" which is likely a blatant lie.
I can speculate and say that this will be done in one of the following ways:
 - Behind the scenes partnership with major exchanges.
 - Internal partnership with a big market maker.
 - Heavy reliance on cash futures, with actual settlement in crypto only for a tiny minority which wants to withdraw it.
@_date: 2018-01-29 23:26:16
Strictly speaking holding BTC futures is not the same as fractional reserve - someone else promises to give you USD equal to BTC cost, or the difference, on a certain date.
So lets say Robinhood user wants to withdraw BTC that he bought a year earlier, but Robinhood doesn't have the BTC, they only have the futures.
Only two bad scenarios can happen, as far as I can see:
 - Counterparty risk, i.e. due to massive event not only futures trader becomes insolvent, but also the giant (CME is the biggest in the world) exchange becomes insolvent.
 - Price slippage due to disconnect, i.e. Robinhood now has the price of BTC in USD, but the sum is insufficient to purchase the actual BTC they owe to the client due to futures settling at Gemini auction price which is no longer available for Robinhood.
I'm just thinking out loud here and by all means I can be wrong.
EDIT: It must be also noted that the futures exchange has huge power over a price of an underlying asset once a significant portion of the market migrates to use futures, see gold futures. That is not a development I welcome, so there's that.
@_date: 2018-01-03 23:14:27
That is practically nothing, less then 1% of BTC daily trade volume. Of course it will add some legitimacy which would be incomparably more significant.
@_date: 2017-12-09 02:45:10
Beanie Babies!
@_date: 2017-12-13 20:24:24
"Net Neutrality" is just another name for state control over the Internet. Removing state control would make crypto safer. Away with this NN garbage.
@_date: 2017-12-26 22:23:38
"Journalist", yeah right.
Reading this article is like watching a meltdown of 25-yo autistic person who was told that his stuffed bear is not alive. That's just painful.
@_date: 2018-09-14 20:17:05
You are tone policing while defending an article that has the following in it:




The article objectively is garbage.
@_date: 2018-09-07 09:12:40
The best store of value is our friendship!
&lt;3 yall beautiful people.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:50:56
This is pure gold. Thank you for posting.
At some point these people will learn that lying has adverse long-term effects on your business.
@_date: 2017-12-11 09:45:30


You are pointing at something that is not bitcoin and saying that bitcoin is invading your privacy. It is not bitcoin, it is the state. Of course the state is doing that, that's what the state does. On a practical level you can mine bitcoin or buy it anonymously off localbitcoins (which is illegal because of the state, not because of bitcoin).
Are you upset that the state is invading your privacy? That's what we are against here. Join the good team.


"Greedy" is a general moral attack, it doesn't mean anything. "Greedy" is something you call people who do something you don't like with their money, time or property. Greedy is good. Everyone wants to make money, that is excellent.


One good way to tell if something is anti-state (I don't know what establishment is) is to see whether the state is trying to suppress it or encourage it. Looks like the state is in crypto-suppressing business for now (and wait until they launch their own crypto).
@_date: 2017-12-02 22:09:21


Can I just go on a limb here guessing that you are either under 22 or never took an interest in history of finance before? Almost everything coming out of CB heads is an outright lie or just utterly wrong.
I'm not arguing the statement btw, only talking about your trust in the state talking heads. They'll say and do everything to stay in power and keep stealing from you. The point is not to let them.
@_date: 2017-12-13 21:49:08


I'm talking about the *Net Neutrality Bill*, not whatever thing you or I understand under the term Net Neutrality. I'm talking about the state action. In short it was only accepted in 2015 (remember the horrible non-neutral internet of first half of 2015?), it still allows ISPs to block or filter content, but in addition it forces more controls over ISPs.


The bill still allows that. The only thing that can prevent that is a competition between ISPs for cutomers. State violence can never improve a service.


ISPs are free to do whatever they want with their networking equipment. If they charge me I'll find the one that gives me best price/value.


No, it absolutely does not. Read the bill. They can do whatever they want with or without the bill, they will just have to not claim to be net neutral.


True in general. In particular more state control over ISPs can in the future harm public cryptos - but I'm a fantasy and speculation realm here so not going to defend that.
@_date: 2018-09-11 19:23:39


**Gasp... NO WAY!**
...statists gonna state...
@_date: 2018-09-14 20:35:20
Not an argument.
I could go into the arguments presented in the article if I needed to discuss it, but they drown in the sea of meaningless emotional statements, making the thing unreadable.
If you have something to say, if you have claims to make, if you have information to share - bring it forth.
@_date: 2017-12-13 21:43:46
Please tell me how I'm wrong and I'll thank you and change my opinion.
@_date: 2018-09-24 18:57:14
This is a brickstream community. Go back to your blockchain subreddit you paid blockchain shill.
@_date: 2018-09-24 18:48:38
tl/dr: The final deadline is still 2019 Feb 27
PS. What a joke.
@_date: 2017-12-26 22:26:40
Don't they support other cryptos?
PS. Don't downvote, just trying to help the OP.
@_date: 2017-12-11 08:50:39
I think your identity was not collected by bitcoin (because it is just some software) but by legacy financial institutions, having to do so under the threat of violence from the state.
Same goes for the fees that are mark-up (not the transaction fees).
Transaction fees suck, but remember that bitcoin is the technological equivalent of the first car to ever hit the road (aka it sucks). There are other cryptocurrencies.
Bitcoin also does not handle privacy well, again, there are other currencies that excel at that.
Jumping over the fence is indeed hard - it is designed by the farmer to keep you in. But once you are outside, it does get better.
Sorry for your bad experience, come back later :)
@_date: 2018-08-17 06:56:05
Keeping your savings in dollars is a bad idea because dollars are constantly loosing value (3.2% this year, 30% since 2000).
So the competition is between crypto and other investment vehicles. We would have to look at risk and growth potential, including likelihood of "black swan" events like recession.
For me personally out of everything I'm aware of crypto right now looks like the best option long-term (3-5 year horizon). Short term you have to be comfortable with volatility (so don't go long on leverage).
@_date: 2018-05-17 22:51:48
"Make a law" is just another wording for "lets use violence to achieve these goals I suggest".
Violence is acceptable for defense against violence and for defense of property rights. For anything else, please come up with peaceful solutions which make use of incentives and agreements.
@_date: 2018-08-15 21:07:11
From POS use case point of view, you are right.
I don't observe any "vitriol and gnashing of teeth over off chain txs" though. Everyone understands that Lightning/Raiden/Plasma is the way to go in the future if we ever want to get to POS use case while still being decentralized.
You might be referring to previous block size debacle - in this case look up "ASICBOOST" to understand what has produced the incentive for some people to argue for big blocks. Once this has been revealed, the future of Bitcoin became clear (at least to myself and majority of others).
@_date: 2018-08-15 21:11:12
"Stable" as pegged to what? Fiat currency? The issue with that is that fiat currency itself is not stable. I.e. if you have one dollar in electronic form on the blockchain, it still sucks due to someone (who is not me) being able to print unlimited amount of these.
If you have other things currency can be stable relative to, please suggest them here and lets discuss.
@_date: 2017-02-13 20:18:59
It looks like you don't like "manipulation". Why is that, what do you find objectionable?
@_date: 2017-02-04 23:23:29
Lets cover the basics fist: what does it mean to have bitcoin? Having bitcoin means being able to spend it (send it to another arbitrary address). You can spend it by knowing a private key that corresponds to a public key (also called address) that has some bitcoin balance. I.e. having bitcoin means having exclusive knowledge of some private key(s).
Private keys are long and not human-friendly, thus a separate format was suggested - BIP39. 12-word phrase provides 128 bits of entropy and a checksum. In every wallet supporting hierarchical deterministic (HD) key derivation (which is all popular wallets), one seed phrase will be used to derive infinite number of private keys and corresponding public addresses. UI will typically look at the whole sequence (up to the first unused address) and show you the sum of all balances.
I'll say that again - 12-word seed is enough to derive the private key(s), which means knowing the seed is enough to spend the coin. Any other encryption provided by wallet software is extra security measure.
1. Any of the several ways to print your private key and store it on paper. The printed information can be encrypted or plaintext - in case of plain text, anyone who sees the wallet can spend the coin. There are several websites that allow you to safely create paper wallets offline. If there was no breach of security during the creation and printing process, this is a safe cold storage - no computer virus can read a piece of paper in your deposit box.
2. Good question, I'll leave it up to you to speculate :) 12 words engraved on a piece of titanium, coated in non-transparent epoxy to look like pebble and stored in a safe secret place would be some safe storage :) In reality, anything encrypted (so that no other then you can read it) and not connected to internet (paper wallet, hardware wallet) is fine
3. "Seed", or "seed phrase" is just the 12 words. "Wallet" can be one of several things - there are software or mobile wallets, which are programs used to hold private keys, show balances and send funds. There are hardware wallets - used to hold private keys and sign transactions securely. There are paper wallets that just hold private keys. Finally, some people call addresses "wallets", i.e. one particular public address holding the money - though this is not a good use of terminology. Remember the whole are is still young, we are developing the language as we go along.
4. Should be clear from the above, but I'll say just in case: BIP-39 phrase gives you enough information to send the bitcoin regardless of any other circumstances.
5. Yes :) And I urge you to not treat proprietary local encryption as anything more then childproofing.
@_date: 2017-02-09 21:43:42
These are the legitimate sites: kraken.com, gemini.com, coinbase.com. Note that they have extensive KYC/AML requirements mandated by the state and are a pain to use.
ANY OTHER SITE ASKING FOR YOUR BANK CREDENTIALS IS A SCAM.
Other options include libertyx.com and localbitcoins.com. with the latter you can buy some BTC for cash and be on your way. There are also ATMs (coinatmradar.com) but they are rare and the fees are steep.
Hope that helps.
@_date: 2017-02-14 19:41:40
Commercial bank cares not about what you do with your money.
ITS THE STATE. Aka regulations. Aka Central Banks. Aka Governments.
It's not the banks - if this were the case, one could go to the competitor. Its the state.
@_date: 2017-02-15 21:28:53
I hope you enjoy the fact that your taxes go on supporting single moms that bring up unemployable people that hate you and commit violent crime, they go to build military equipment that can erase half the world, they go to build military factories that then sell weapons to religious dictatorships.
EDIT: Btw you do have to pay capital gains on cryptos, just FYI. No escaping the state here. Don't you just love it that they print more money and then make you pay gains taxes on unprintable stuff that you own?
@_date: 2017-02-08 08:43:08
I'm afraid it is not so shiny at all: the new regulations might completely monopolize the market:
Highly recommended read!
@_date: 2017-02-14 20:11:13


25 days till March 11th, fingers crossed. (COIN ETF).
@_date: 2017-02-14 20:17:02
And this, boys and girls, is why we like the free market.
@_date: 2017-02-26 22:26:54
Because violence always works. /s
Seriously though, I'm glad how visual and clear that is. If you try to ban us outright rather then cripple with AML/KYC - that's what you get.
@_date: 2017-02-03 20:09:59
Propagation time (as well as block size) has to do with finality and orphan rate. Inclusion of "uncle" mechanism allows to practically forego all orphan considerations altogether.
Ethereum (based on great research) is currently using 13 second block time, and the talk is to get to 4-5 seconds. I don't have links handy, but Vitalik Buterin has some great writing on this, with numbers and everything. IIRC for Ethereum the actual propagation rate is under 2 seconds for 99% of hosts.
@_date: 2017-02-03 20:00:46
They are not sending their best folks!
(Because now every subreddit has to be t_d)
@_date: 2017-02-08 21:10:04
Verified to level 3, used SynapsePay multiple times, works great. About 24 hour turnaround from my bank, sometimes up to 40 hours. Looks like a regular transfer from your bank account to some bank in Memphis. You put a hex code that they generate for you in an "additional info" field, this allows Synapse to route it to Kraken. Caveat: the name on your bank account has to be identical to the name you verified on Kraken.
@_date: 2017-02-27 21:12:21
Your child ain't gonna get cold if you cut his legs so that he can't go outside. That is not a protection. That is infliction of violence.
@_date: 2017-02-06 01:12:31
1. For childproofing. There might be more to that - ask BitPay with regard to what encryption are they using. Since I know it accepts 4-char pin, I'm sure it is not some standard, which means childproofing. Many wallets do use some kind of standard encryption.
2. Comprehensive safety of the wallet is beyond the scope of my free time. The information is abundant on the internet. The start is to split funds into hot and cold wallets - keep some on your phone, where childproofing is enough, keep the rest in paper wallet. If you are not planning on spending it, put everything in cold storage. Store seed safely, remove everything from the PC, and if the process was not compromised to begin with you are good. Remember that public key is public information so you can have an easily accessible link to watch the balance and calm your paranoia.
3. Depends on the wallet. Most wallets will show you the key.
4. Good question. Now that you know the right question, I'll leave you to scramble for the solution :) Likely you will have to look it up on per-wallet basis.
@_date: 2017-02-09 22:14:48
State violence: 
Without the state violence I think the markups would have been around 1-2% at the max.
Public cryptocurrencies are an existential threat to the state - and the state is fighting back. Sometimes by banning outright, sometimes by pouring sand into a working engine, making everything expensive, disgusting and slow.
@_date: 2017-02-15 01:35:21
Legitimization in the biggest economy of the world? Easy way to buy for hundreds of millions of new customers, including institutional investors? I think this might move the price up a bit.
@_date: 2017-02-26 22:23:04
That is very informative, thank you for taking the time to write that. I'm not thinking about using that platform, but seeing your experience is valuable.
@_date: 2017-02-27 20:48:59


@_date: 2017-02-08 07:59:48
LibertyX, localbitcoins, kraken, gemini.
@_date: 2017-02-17 23:08:23
This thread is full of surprisingly good answers - gives me hope in humanity.
Let me suggest yet another take on this: what kind of money would YOU want to use and save? The inflating one or the deflating one? Now, if you approve of money inflation, and you are not a central banker, it will be used against you. IT WILL BE USED AGAINST YOU. This is why the media is full of this idiotic "inflation is good for economy" propaganda. It is bad for you, first and foremost, and this propaganda is exploiting your love for others to make you approve of violence.
Hope this makes sense.
@_date: 2017-02-21 21:58:59
One must be some special kind of advanced stupid to have faith in Fed chair. Their job literally is to fund state violence by debasing currency and make sure no one notices until it is desperately too late by keeping down the interest rate.
@_date: 2017-02-16 20:45:41
1. The state doesn't do 51% attacks. The state is a slow guy with a sledgehammer - it just uses dumb violence to try and achieve result (and it never works).
2. The state would just ban all non-dollar money, i.e. getting caught with crypto-wallet on your phone would land you in jail.
3. Just as efficiently as with war on drugs, and war on terrorism, and war on poverty it would result in huge increase of cryptocurrency adoption.
4. This is not the danger. The danger to Bitcoin comes from competition - better public cryptos and worse, but more legal state monetary instruments.
@_date: 2017-03-13 21:36:37
I don't get that... an article on Vox that doesn't bash Trump, republicans or white males? How did that get published? Their editorial board must be on vacation.
@_date: 2017-02-13 20:38:19


We know quite the opposite is true. Violence is always bad. Violence, as applied to Bitcoin, will be bad for Bitcoin.
That last paragraph irked me as well. Time to wake up - it's us against them (people against the state). Violence is always bad.
@_date: 2017-02-04 22:33:28
Disclaimer: I never used BitPay for Win10 (using Android version).
1. If you interpret things correctly and Bitpay indeed stores your seed after uninstalling, and you did not set up a spending password, the thief would be able to spend the coins.
2. I only know of password option in Android version. Look it up in the settings, it might not be there. In any case, for bigger sums it is a good idea to split your funds between a hot wallet (on a internet-connected device) and a cold storage (paper wallet, hardware wallet, or seed stored safely).
3. No clue. Ask their support ASAP, once they tell you where the seed is stored consider uninstalling the program and removing the seed. Note: in Android version, you can make it "forget" the seed from the menu. I'm surprised it's not in Win10 version.
4. In Android version its in the wallet settings. Note: never treat spending password as anything more than child-proofing. In the best case it can deter thief long enough so that you can run to some other devise, use the seed phrase and move your funds to a new wallet.
5. Yes. 12-word seed is all you need to access all keys derived from that seed.
Hope that helps.
EDIT: Note that 12-word seed is a BIP39 standard and can be used on any wallet that accepts this kind of seed, which is a majority of them (Jaxx, Mycelium, etc etc).
@_date: 2017-03-02 22:56:30
Wait, are you saying that taxation might be not fair? Are you saying that state doesn't always have your best interests in mind?
I'm calling the Secret Service on you. Such thoughs are not welcome here on the Internet.
@_date: 2019-03-20 01:09:09
ETF got denied, money rushed from BTC into other crypto, triggering the bull market. Couple of weeks later ASICBOOST was revealed, renewing hope for BTC, but the market convulsion was enough to bring broad public into crypto.
@_date: 2017-03-02 04:10:11
As for information, I highly recommend  - this is not too long, but pretty technical and useful write-up that covers most of what there is to cover (here come the downvotes since he is not in favor of SegWit). If you take your time to read and understand it, you will know more about SegWit/BU debate than 90% of people here on Reddit.
If you are mining in a pool, you do not get to pick the block therefore your personal input does not technically even exist. If you want to vote either way you can either a) switch pools or b) petition your pool to vote certain way.
Hope that helps!
@_date: 2017-03-30 01:05:32
It has less to do with PoW/PoS, and more with uncle block inclusion (changing incentives related to propagation time) and the very capability of having consensus on variable block size. For example in Ethereum, under PoW, every miner that mines a block can raise or lower the block size for the next block, but only by a small amount.
@_date: 2019-03-16 00:03:33
I think this entire comment is complete nonsense. Exchange just needs the volume, they don't take side in the trade.
Bonus points for assuming future prices.
@_date: 2019-03-13 23:02:07




You can't have both, pick one. And yeah, it's the second - not an IOU, no backing.
@_date: 2019-03-14 00:24:23
Let me chime in and clarify.
1. As discussed above, fiat currency is not an IOU and is not debt - just to get this out of the way.
2. One of the peculiar properties of money, and money only, is the quality "qualified promise of money is almost as good as the money itself". For example: if you log into your bank account and see $1000 in your balance, would you say that you have $1000? Probably yes, though technically this is money owed to you by bank.
3. Debt, strictly speaking, doesn't have to be backed by something. Take credit card debt for example - it is issued without collateral.
4. The "backing" in the debt is different from the "backing" in money. Debt might have a collateral - an asset that will be seized if the debt is not repaid. Currency - the gold-backed currencies of the past - is backed by gold in a sense that it is freely exchangeable to that backing gold.
5. Fractional reserve lending is a good (to an extent) and natural thing that relies on  above and assumption that lender issues and manages loans correctly, and avoids bank runs.
@_date: 2019-03-15 00:34:18
Wait, so for gambling versus crypto: how many people do you think lost their money (and family fortune, lives etc) in gambling versus crypto? We can look at percentage and absolute numbers. In general I think "gambling is ok but crypto is not" is a hard case to defend.


For something to be a scam there needs to be promise, ie promise of future gains. For majority (by trade volume) of crypto it comes without any promise, explicit or implicit.


What problem is that?


Ok, how about that: public cryptocurrency (Bitcoin, Ethereum etc) provides a usable instrument of money with limited emission. To reiterate, bitcoin can a) be used as money b) has limited emission. This is making it more useful than fiat (unlimited emission) or gold (inconvenient to use in modern times).
@_date: 2019-03-13 23:20:39


Yes, I can owe you 100$. My promissory note in this case would be backed by USD. I owe you USD.
However once you own USD, ie for example you are holding physical $100 bill in your hands - at this point no one owes you anything, the bill itself is not an IOU.
@_date: 2019-03-13 23:05:17


Hey! That is true! But hey, that is also true for [insert their favorite fiat currency here]! But you know what is different between BTC and [fiat]? There's limited amount of BTC, and no one - yes, absolutely no one! - can create more. And now let me show you your favorite fiat:  (same site has graphs for all major fiats).
Hope this helps!
@_date: 2018-10-31 22:13:21
Bitcoin is money (as in "usable instrument of money", like say cowrie shells or gold bars).
Bitcoin is a commodity in a sense that is has a price and you can buy, sell and store it.
Bitcoin is a technology, as is blockchain.
@_date: 2018-10-18 20:05:04
And while we are at it, do you happen to think that money laundering and tax avoidance are bad, and if so then why?
@_date: 2018-10-17 20:04:24
Money is important (similarly important to fire and the wheel). Money allows specialization and trade, which are incredibly efficient strategies.
Metallic money is not practical nowadays. Gold is heavy, is easily forgeable etc. Paper money, backed or not (fiat), all have the issue that it is very profitable for the organization who can print the money to print it continuously, while deluting the savings of current holders of that money.
Blockchain, and specifically Bitcoin allows money that is both functional (non-forgeable, very convenient) and is impossible to print (emit) at will.
Hope that helps!
PS. The price is fluctuating since the asset class is new. Give it 20 years it will be fine.
@_date: 2019-03-15 22:17:15


Bingo! So is the use of crypto :) So my approach here is that the state should not regulate either gambling or crypto (and slaves should not be either picking cotton or cleaning houses).


(Assuming effect=efficient) What? Bitcoin moves like what, one billion dollars' worth a day? What kind of proof are you talking about?


What kind of accountability is missing in your point of view? Humans have been exchaging cowries and pieces of gold for thousands of years, worked fine from monetary point of view. Also there's still cash.


There's this quite popular service called PayPal that provides dispute resolution on online purchases, basically being an escrow. Of course this service costs money. In case of crypto, someone could either use direct transaction or use escrow. This is to point out that escrow is an optional layer on top and certainly not everyone needs it, plus it can be easily built on crypto.


First, one can say that their electricity went out for due to use of fiat money (and subsequent collapse of state and economy).
Second, in the case of electricity going out, crypto is competing against what, paper form of fiat (bills)? Where you live, are paper bills still a significant form of transactions?


To make a crypto transaction all you need is internet connection for both sender and receiver and a power at the point of sale. So a shop can have portable wifi and a phone charger, and voila. These restrictions are less than, for example, using Visa/Mastercard systems or bank connections.
And finally if where you live you are prone to having power outages, one can use physical forms of crypto, which used to be plentiful until people seemingly lost interest. They are still widely available now though.
@_date: 2019-03-15 00:01:39


Whatever that accountability is, it does not prevent people from outright losing their money. Also gambling is notoriously addictive.


Not sure what you mean by that. If someone doesn't actively participate in weird schemes (ICOs, cloud mining etc) and buys/sells on good exchanges there's no fraud in it.
@_date: 2017-01-10 02:23:16
And again, thank you for your insight. I can't say I did not vaguely know most of that, and still it is great to hear about it from a knowledgeable person.
Just to reiterate, neither in my original point nor in follow-up did I suggest arming the crew - although who knows how will the things be organized in a free society? I do trust your word that under current conditions arming the crew is not an option.
Let me start by asking:
 - How is protection from piracy currently implemented? You are welcome to cover both known problematic areas and peaceful waters. Specifically, since this is what started the piracy conversation - do you think US Navy is helping trade vessels when it comes to piracy?
 - How is rapid response currently implemented, if there exist any?
@_date: 2017-01-24 20:51:38
I'd start every talk by showing the M1 supply for Bulgaria:  (click on MAX for full picture). Illustrate the problem you are solving, motivate the people, explain that while they are working for the money someone is rampantly printing it.
I'd also show daily stats for Bitcoin network, which are posted daily on this sub - to show the size of what is already going on.
I see no benefit of more people learning about Bitcoin codebase, and I don't see why devs might be interested in that.
(Here come the downvotes) I think introducing devs to the idea of smart contracts and tokens on Ethereum might be very interestsing and fascinating to them, just like it was to me.
@_date: 2017-01-14 03:33:42


That's really better handled by in-person conversation, but here's where I'd start: consumers and consumer choice are bound to have incomparably larger effect in a free society. With things like global warming, it would be really easy to create certification agencies that would certify items on greenhouse-gases emission scale, which might drive prices. I suspect that might not sound convincing at first glance, so if you have specific objections bring them up. Note that currently, as I said, all or most of global warming is due to state violence, so there's actually not that much to argue about in practical sense. Also, I do believe a private program to stop global warming (by spraying something in the athmosphere) might be an easy kickstarter of a billion dollars (not that unachievable at all).
Of course nowadays global warming became a powerful propaganda tool for state violence, just like nuclear winter was previously. What is a good justification for violence? Defense from violence or defense from private property, nothing else. Global warming? No. Poverty? No. Inequality? No. Discrimination? No. You got the idea.
@_date: 2018-10-29 17:35:48
Three types of events come to mind:
 - Hyperinflationary event for a major currency (realistically this means USD or EUR). Give it 25% purchase power erosion in a year and people seriously start looking for alternatives.
 - Regulation tightening to the point where it is a daily burden. Unlikely since even in China we don't see that.
 - Long (weeks and up) and particularly destructive Visa/MasterCard outage. Highly publicized hacks or other technical issues (rollback of weeks of transactions). Unlikely since they are private companies and generally know what they are doing.
But I think more realistically the point that will open the flood gates in terms of legitimacy is either some big corporation or any state announcing that they will be holding crypto as reserves. That'll be it.
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:38:31


By drastically reducing the size and power of the state, and then hopefully getting rid of it.


Please don't make up new words. Libertarian, liberal, or anarcho-capitalist.


It was created by Satoshi Nakamoto. Nowadays it is being supported and used by millions of people with very very varying political views for very different reasons.


Systems with less violence and more property rights drastically outperform systems with more violence and less property rights. Republics crushed feudal states, but republics collapse into democracies which collapse into totalitarianism. Free society will win over states eventually.
@_date: 2017-01-11 08:07:14
I do not see how intellectual property, which you refer to, has anything to do with physical property, other than name. Only one person can have control over a field to ensure investment and maximum efficiency. Any number of people can listen to a song or use operating system or manufacture a drug (we can enter the investment discussion here, but it has little to do with the subject).
To put it more clearly: I agree with what you say, but it has nothing to do with "tragedy of the commons" or land ownership :)
@_date: 2017-01-11 04:36:43
My favorite reasons to dislike the state:
 - State is initiating force, aka a moral argument is the most important for me. They come take my money, they come shoot me, they come put me in jail, they take my land, etc etc. This is evil. Non-agression principle FTW. Raping, killing, robbing, stealing - these are bad things, and I hate people and organizations who do that. Violence is only good for defense against violence or for defense of property.
 - Taxes. I wish I could save for retirement and not work until 70, I wish I could take my family on vacations, I wish I could work less. State takes about 70% of my efficiency just in direct and indirect taxes, and I suspect it is closer to 90% when we add all the inefficiencies caused by violence and monopolies. My time, my life is being stolen from me.
 - State is growing. State is always growing until it hits one of several kinds of barriers - some of these barriers include devastating deadly wars, some severe social crises (Venezuela). Having the state shrink without complete devastation of population hilariously causes unimaginable economic growth (West Germany, Japan).
 - Violence makes everything UGLY and DISGUSTING. Everything violence touches becomes inefficient - I can name examples if you are interested, but once you start seeing violence its like waking up and staying in a disgusting Matrix pod. State is the major supplier and enabler of violence.
 - Global issues: global warming (roads, cows), inability to colonize space, destruction of science - these things are putting as as a species at risk.


Lets just say you are not exactly unique with your concern about roads :) r/whowillbuildtheroads (shitty sub, just funny that it exists). In reality, of course, an entrepreneur would carefully evaluate the viability of a road, borrow capital, build the road and then take profit. Yes, roads for profit, scary, I know. I doubt he'll have enough margin to build nuclear weapons and aircraft carriers though.
For further learning, I strongly advocate Stefan Molyneux (
@_date: 2017-01-06 21:11:23
Dude, that's the f**king point.
It happened so many times already, and that comic just keeps getting better with age.
@_date: 2017-01-10 07:40:05


First time I hear about that (this only speaks to my lack of awareness of course). Do you mind bringing in an example?


Would you please provide a specific instance of the tragedy of the commons? Lets leave the end-all "global air quality" aside for now, as it is a bit of a complex case. Any other example you have in mind?


Monopoly in any area time and again appears to be bad. Why would monopoly on violence be any different? This is a rhetorical question that I do not expect you to answer, I only say that because you mentioned "government in the abstract", which to me still sounds pretty bad :)
@_date: 2018-10-26 19:22:10


Loaning/renting out a part of holdings is not necessarily a breach of property rights and is clearly not violence. No moral issues there.
Historically we know that the allure of fractional reserve is almost never resistible, and same thing happens over and over with institutions gaining public trust and collapsing in a bank run.
The only thing that can allow fractional reserve lending with some stability over long-term is a combination of transparency and competition. Good thing is that crypto has a built-in mechanism for competition to a centralized storage, that is everyone with some very reasonable effort can become their own storage. They will miss out on any gains paid by bank, but will avoid the risk of being wiped out in a bank run.
@_date: 2018-10-29 23:07:45
Ironically that was a brief deflationary crisis, where value of fiat has went up significantly and would have gone up even more if not for state intervention.
Of course long-term such monstrous rapid creation of fiat will cause it's devaluation.
@_date: 2017-01-24 04:13:02
I'll not cite sources, but I will say that I did my research on this topic. Here are some factors:
 - Cowries live on depth of 50 feet or deeper, making them practically unobtainable by divers at the time.
 - The "daily" source of cowries were deposits on the seashore, typically coming from sedimentary formations being broken up by waves or by some dead specimen washing up ashore.
In short, the supply was limited, after a tribe inhabited some part of shore for a while, you could not reliably go and find more.
EDIT: Now after reading some more, let me distinguish between the "sea shells" that the author is speaking about and specifically cowrie that I mention above. Cowries, used around Indian ocean and in Africa, were used as-is, ie the cowrie itself was money (selected by size). In other regions, especially in Americas, beads were crafted from both widely available sea shells and land snails - in that case it was the labor that made money valuable and not the rarity of source material.
@_date: 2018-10-31 21:12:18
In what sense?
We do know the history of money quite well, and how certain forms of money have replaced other ones.
We do know history of commodities and other kinds of investments pretty well.
We know history of  technology pretty well.
@_date: 2017-01-09 20:29:54
The bank is just trying to comply with ever-growing state regulation. This has nothing to do with capitalism.
@_date: 2017-01-27 19:31:24
What does it mean to "have bitcoin"? It means to have an ability to spend it. How can one spend it? One needs to know private key that corresponds to some public key (public derived from private, but can not be done vice versa).
It is really inconvenient to be dealing with actual private key (long strings), so a standard was developed to allow for easier handling, in case you need to write the key down on paper. So from these 12 words, the actual private key will be derived by the software and used behind the scenes when initiating the transaction.
In the simplest case of paper wallets, the private key is stored as either a long string itself or ots representation as QR code, so there's no 12 word seed phrase there.
@_date: 2018-10-17 20:00:08
I hope it happens. Vitalik is a beast in debate. No matter the outcome both sides will be interested in publishing it, which will spread Vitalik's ideas around.
EDIT: Oh my god, assuming the quoting is correct, check out the level of his arguments: 
Oh my god.
@_date: 2019-03-14 05:07:25
Just a heads up: you might be describing the situation with the commercial banks and how they create money, but that is not the core situation, nor do I think this is relevant to crypto versus fiat argument.
Central bank creates (fiat) money. No tricks, just print it in one of two possible forms: paper bills or records in central bank ledgers.
Commercial banks can inflate M1 supply of crypto as well (as I'm sure exchanges are already doing right now). I suggest that if you want to explain to people how money works you be careful in distinguishing the two.
@_date: 2017-01-23 21:37:59
If you are really going to do what you are claiming, thank you. I think it is very powerful to explain about the 12-word seed and show the QR-based transfer.
I strongly recommend you to use BitPay wallet - it looks amazing, transfers instantly and has option to buy Amazon gift cards with no extra data.
@_date: 2017-01-22 22:27:16
Not necessarily, there are ETFs dedicated to a single commodity, like gold (GLD) and oil (OIL, USO).
Using such vehicle, investor might micromanage their basket instead of relying on managers of a basket ETF.
@_date: 2017-08-11 23:29:49
So "denying others access to this stream of value" aka exploitation is the reason for something other then private property to exist?
Private property, however, is "mentally and physically useful to it's owner" while "not robbing the public of the value they can't just as easily obtain elsewhere". I'm convinced that houses and cars, two things you explicitly name as private property are not easy to obtain nowadays and were never easy to obtain.
I'm not trying to upset and have the usual Reddit discussion. You seem smart and well-intended. Come to the glorious light of consistent non-violent ideology, lets save the world.
Violence is bad, private property is good. Violence is justified in defense of violence and in defense of property.
@_date: 2018-10-06 00:14:48
It is an annoying circumstance that people use the same word "inflation" to talk about both (amount of money and value of unit of money). They are certainly different. Welcome to the rest of your life where you'll have to annoyingly clarify this issue in conversations. *cries in economic literacy*
@_date: 2017-01-24 11:13:01
@_date: 2018-10-31 20:52:13
Scammity scam scam scam.
Also seriously what kind of a lame scammer is this. You don't entice people with $1250, they get suspicious. You offer $50 and let them bargain up to 100$.
@_date: 2017-01-06 21:40:37
Let me engage in outlandish speculation which we will likely never be able to confirm or disprove: that might have been an early-bird insider (someone with ties to PBOC) who was confident he's entering a surefire, bulletproof trade by frontrunning a state action, but got unexpectedly run over by enthusiastic crowd.
In any case, it should have hurt.
@_date: 2017-01-03 23:16:24
Pun of the day :) Bravo.
@_date: 2017-01-13 18:51:22
Hi! I was wondering what you think about my points. I think it's the first time I've been asked that question straight up, so I'm curious. Any criticism is welcome.
@_date: 2017-01-09 20:05:58
Really sorry to hear about your (not particularly unique) experience.
The common advise on this sub is to try local credit unions and smaller banks. Also, simple.com exists.
EDIT: my info on simple.com comes from over a year ago, and I'm not their customer. Please see a number of people below warning against it.
@_date: 2017-01-09 22:46:59
Thank you, that is the first time I hear about piracy argument. Very nice, lets take a look at it.
These pirates would do what, tax the trade? If a trade ship is sunk, further vessels will either come heavily armed or not at all, which means sinking the trade vessel is not an option for any pirate who wants to stay in the business.
At some point we can expect trade vessels to be armed heavily enough (not even necessary to carry arms on board with modern drone capabilities, you can just buy insurance) to fight off random desperate people on motorboats. People who are capable of purchasing a battle-ready destroyer are likely not to be pirates.


Likely the security will be outsorced, ie not a Coca-Cola private army, but couple of competing security companies. I do not see a problem with that, do you?
@_date: 2018-10-08 19:18:16




So not a "bitcoin ATM scam", just crypto used as a convenient payment method by scammers.
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:14:39
1. The money was confiscated under a barrel of a gun, partially used to create a huge army, partially to support a state bureaucracy, and partially to fund the education. If the money weren't confiscated in the first place, and the education wasn't regulated under threat of violence in the first place, wouldn't the education outcome be better?
2. Can I please become an entrepreneur, make market analysis, pool some capital, and create a competing electricity provider?
3. Too vague to respond, I'll gladly elaborate if you provide specific state benefits.
4. Do you mean the DARPA fable? Or something else? I.e. are you making a case "internet would have been impossible without monopoly on violence"?
5. Why do you say so? Examples? Which particular service the state currently provides that can not be provided by competing insurance companies?
Applicable to several of your points: for clarity, lets carefully distinguish between "public" and "state".
@_date: 2018-10-17 20:16:33
If you are ready to get real for a second, his ideas are trash for a reason. In order to sell you bad ideas (statism, ie justification of violence directed at you) someone needs to constantly lie and make stuff up.
After living in this environment for a while - typically in academia, but abusive family or work in government also works - person's own standards for reasoning and for truth become very low. So to this person - a statist - a lot of incorrect things seem legitimately true.
@_date: 2017-01-26 10:40:56
In that context I mean "money was confiscated from 'economic libertarians' parents". The same money that could have been used by them to hire teachers - likely way better teachers for way cheaper.
If you would like to make a point "all money is made by the state therefore you can't confiscate it", a farmer grows his crop, but still needs to pay taxes in state fiat. If in this example the only way to get fiat is to sell the crop, the portion of the crop would be in practice confiscated by the state.
@_date: 2017-01-27 19:11:30
This is the BIP39 seed phrase that is used to generate the actual private/public keys.
Being in possession of the private key allows you to spend the balance that is associated with the corresponding public key.
I.e. on any device/program that supports BIP39 format, you can use that phrase to spend the balance associated with that wallet.
Hope that helps. Please feel free to ask further.
@_date: 2016-11-19 23:36:10
Phone refill via bitrefill
@_date: 2016-11-26 05:00:15
This is really interesting. You are obviously a busy man, yet you took your time to reply me. I salute you on keeping the ability to communicate on this sub, even despite the vocal negative sentiment towards you - I likely would not bother.


State violence aside, I do not see why gold can not be reserve currency, even while being utterly unusable (directly in metal form) as daily currency. You are also seemingly in favor of gold. Your argument "Something can not be used as money daily therefore it can not become reserve currency" is invalid.


By "countries" you surely mean "states" (aka governments)? Forex daily volume is consistently above $5 trillion, trumping all other financial markets, and afaik (my bad for not being able to produce reference now) being twenty times the amount of all non-forex usage of money. I'm not sure what bearing "amateur" and "in China" has to your claim, since when it comes to currency exchange location and employment status of traders has no meaning. Your argument "Something can not become reserve currency due to it being actively traded" is invalid.


Dollars and euros, in a context of reserve currency or world trade, are by any and all definitions virtual tokens. I'm not sure why did you make such a trivial logical mistake. They are virtual tokens with special attitude from emitting states, but they are absolutely virtual tokens.
 Also, let's not forget that "reserve currency" is only meaningful in context of who is keeping that reserve. Can corporations keep BTC? Yes. Can communities pool and keep BTC? I don't see why not. Can charities collect and keep BTC? Yup.


Oh, absolutely, and historically they definitely did. When these other ways dry out (no one is buying the bonds, confiscations becoming ineffective due to resistance), money printing is next.


Now we are in a speculative realm, but lets do this. In a complete violent takeover by the state, ultimately, yes, all access to alternative currencies might be restricted and whatever state is printing would be accepted by population (I see no reason for it to be pegged to bitcoin, as this would have to be redeemable at least theoretically, which the population would instantly find it is not). Would such regime be popular, would it survive for any length of time? Likely not, as it makes state violence very very obvious. Also, bitcoin (crypto in general) is a natural match for a grey and black market: you can't even easily prove a person has it.


Kindly please do not make unsubstantiated claims. The general understanding of inflation is very well felt in economic decisions of people around me on a daily basis. Even the simplest people are well aware that saving money in dollars is impossible, which makes them do stuff like invest in financial products and buy real estate, for example.


Not as a store of value. Inflation since 2000 is ~40%. This is a big deal for some people, life-changing stuff. I personally would like a store of value. What about you?


I welcome that. It is up to each particular investor to vet the stability of the bank - and note that with crypto one does not have to use the bank in the first place. There are many great ways to ensure the stability of the bank: transparency and third-party audits are the easiest two. FDIC insurance means that no one is vetting the banks, which obviously incentivizes banks to assume highly leveraged risky positions. Also, this FDIC "insurance" means that when a bad bank fails, its careless clients (who made bad decisions when choosing bank) are bailed out by the money of people who made better decisions.
@_date: 2017-08-28 20:02:03
The comments there are pure gold. Thank you for sharing.
@_date: 2017-01-11 04:39:14
Just wanted to acknowledge you and thank you for your post. I never imagined this is where my simple reply about credit unions will get to :) Really interesting read, thank you.
@_date: 2017-01-09 20:54:15


Absolutely agree. Banks are potentially great institutions: they lend out money that you deposit in them, managing risk by volume and professionalism. I have no problems with banks or banking (CB aside as it is not really a bank in that sense).
The inconvenience that the OP is facing is NOT in the interest of a bank. Why would a bank manager spend even a second of his time thinking about the goal of transactions? Bankster should (very much) care about people who borrow from the bank, not people who hold their deposits in it - unless we are talking about huge investors or bank runs.
The reason bank manager cares about OPs transactions is that if bank does not comply with thousands of pages of regulation, violence will be used against it (police). This is not commercial, this is against interest of banker and investor, this is pure state violence.


Please kindly tell me what for. Not trolling, this is a serious and extremely relevant question.
@_date: 2017-01-10 01:32:00
I did not work on a cargo ship, and assuming you did, I appreciate your opinion.
Let me phrase my point better: in order to prevent piracy at sea, it is not necessary to have military control over entire planet and tax population into poverty. Due to there always existing risk of renegades with small arms, there will always be certain price to pay for security. I'd say a contract with specialized defense agency that might station couple of guards on board and/or just be ready with fast-response naval and air capacity. When talking about piracy, you just have to make it unprofitable for small-time pirates, since it can never be profitable to build war fleet to that end.
Same defense company (-ies) might be contracted by personal yachtsmen that do recreation, research teams etc. Same companies are also likely to sub-contract any kind of emergency response, it only seems natural (ie if you promise to get a warship somewhere withing 30 minutes, you might as well promise to take care of towing or medical transportation). I do not doubt there will be a demand for that.
@_date: 2017-01-13 19:59:31
How is this double edged? How a competing form of money loosing its monetary properties can be double edged?
@_date: 2016-12-01 20:13:34
Coinbase supports Visa afaik (this is not endorsement of Coinbase due to their multiple issues and recent IRS situation).
In general, buying BTC via credit card (or Paypal) is rare, due to BTC payment being irreversible, while credit card not so much. I.e. one can buy BTC, pay with cc, and then revert cc payment leaving BTC seller without means of recourse.
@_date: 2016-12-03 06:04:47
Chill out man. It is quite funny for me to be called a statist, with all the stuff I constantly say and post. Metaphorically speaking it is like coming to a black chief leading his people in a naked tribal dance and saying "Gee tone down that Christianity" :)
Back to the subject at hand - I think it is important to remind a person that got some taste of easy money to keep it under control and stay reasonable and careful. He's no good to you and me if he's in jail. Also, taking on a state head on (blatant tax evasion, head-on violence) is just not going to work - state is realy aware of that kind of shit.
PS. Fan of your work here on the sub, keep up the steam.
@_date: 2016-11-21 21:47:12
Transferring any crypto:
 - Get a hold of receiving address. For exchanges like Coinbase this would normally be under "Funding". Also known as "public address", it is a string of hex characters. Can also be represented as QR code.
 - From a sending exchange/wallet, you need to provide the receiving address above. This normally comes in a form of you having to paste a hex string, or scan a QR code.
 - BEST PRACTICE: always start with transferring a tiny amount (0.0001 BTC) and see if it goes through. Yes you will pay the transaction fee twice, but it will give you the idea of how fast the transfer is and it sure beats loosing the entire sum if smth goes wrong.
Hope that helps! :)
@_date: 2017-08-11 21:44:48




Sounds very ancap to me :) One remaining question is: what is your opinion on private property? Do you think it is a good idea to establish wide consensus on what belongs to whom and what are rules of transfer and then collectively try and preserve such state of affairs?
@_date: 2017-01-09 21:01:17
Thank you for this great comment. Very interesting. I think if you make a post on general bitcoin permeation in Malaysia (what a are the main exchanges people use, how people learn about it, what are uses except for storing wealth) it will be appreciated.
@_date: 2017-01-09 22:50:16


My question is - what for?


Safety from what? What kind of functionality are you talking about, specifically?


I'd argue that if the state indeed becomes centralized on entire planet, we are toast as a species. Luckily that did not happen yet. But that is beside the point, my question stands - what do we need state for? What of its services do you find necessary?
@_date: 2017-08-11 22:48:05
And why do you think that distinction is necessary? Why not "everything is property"?
@_date: 2016-11-08 19:16:28
What kind of issues would you need direct democracy for? If it is electing someone, what will this person do and how will they be paid? If deciding on rules, how will they be enforced?
@_date: 2017-08-28 20:07:54
The analyst applies logic of "Bitcoin is a stock, so lets compare it to stocks of companies and compare their valuations and revenue potential". This is of course widely inadequate: its the miners, and not owners of Bitcoin, who enjoy the direct revenue in Bitcoins. You can own Bitcoin and not expect to make a single satoshi from holding it - not so with stock.
@_date: 2017-08-20 09:34:52
While we obviously disagree on fundamental concepts, you are some kind of exception from Reddit standard. Are you forgetting to tell me to go back to Somalia or remind me that I want the poor to die? When will you start using nonsensical fictional excuses for violence? You are making me nervous...
Anyways, have the best of days and to the moon! :)
@_date: 2016-11-04 20:21:04
kraken.com is great - allows for bank transfer. Pay $25 (bank's fees) for any amount, I think you can transfer $25000 a day, hope that's enough for you :)
@_date: 2016-11-01 18:25:05
Yes, Ethereum had two serious protocol attacks recently, both caused varying degrees of hashpower drop, transaction backlog and network unavailability.
There was a non-contested hard-work to mitigate one of the attacks (rebalancing opcode costs) and a bunch of client improvements (to allow at least more powerful nodes to process blocks in a real time). There is another hard fork coming - was supposed to be today but got delayed - to clean up bloated state that was created by one of the attacks.
The price has been wobbling down - this is likely a result of attacks, BTC strength, and miner attrition to crazy-priced ZCash.
The dev team still appears to be active, plenty of news and details about PoS.
@_date: 2016-12-30 21:48:29
I assure you I'm not trolling you, I'm not that kind of guy. Sorry if it came through this way.
Bitcoin users might get scammed, but specifically I do not remember "non-reversability of payments to retailers" being an issue even once on this sub during last couple of months.
@_date: 2016-11-26 02:03:27
Not that great of a tool, only still useful due to US screwing everyone else's economy for last 50 years.
 (click on MAX for clearer picture).
@_date: 2016-11-18 19:53:13
Just wanted to say that I love BitRefill and use it monthly. I can't call my experience with them anything but perfect.
Consider giving it a try if you haven't already. If you care about Bitcoin's success, use it.
@_date: 2016-12-21 20:51:31
Bitcoin? What is bitcoin, sir? Oh no, I'm not carrying any of that. I've declared all my valuables on a customs forms.
@_date: 2017-01-24 04:15:30
For population? Any situation with money supply out of hands of the state, i.e. Bitcoin (or other crypto with limited emission) as a legal tender.
RMB already is a global reserve currency afaik.
@_date: 2016-12-16 22:07:32


THANK YOU!!!
You are now definitely my mobile wallet of choice and my recommendation to all new users.
People who listen to their customers deserve the success.
EDIT: fun personal story from your user. Just yesterday I was demonstrating Bitcoin to a completely new non-tech person, and I installed your wallet on their phone, and as I was doing a demo transaction (giving them money) their first and only question was "Can I ask for specific amount instead of you having to enter it?". So yeah, you did the right thing.
@_date: 2018-06-10 21:37:23


For me personally this seems like a very bad (inefficient) kind of recourse for variety of reasons. I'd rather there existed competition so that I could appeal to a competitor - help me get my stuff back and you can have some of it. I could also have insurance against breach of contract by DRO as well as other ways to insure my DRO stays solvent and acts in my benefit.


As a backstop, that applies to any political system, so not a recourse specifically against the state, strictly speaking. I would also think that taking up arms against regular army trained and funded via decades of your taxes is about the least efficient thing you can possibly do.


I assume you are talking about account fraud. Note that this was only possible due to being something relatively mild (ie people didn't notice they are being scammed) and got notoriety due to large scale. Every particular customer can change the banks with relative ease if they care, and this will hurt the reputation long-term. Theft and breach of contract are certainly bad and in no way I'm justifying Wells Fargo, but lets compare this with what the state does - wars, millions in jail, environmental destruction etc.


I see no issue there. Free service, terms of use are well known, you don't like it - don't use it. No theft or violence. The fact that you bring it up in a short list of corporate evil is important as well imo.


If that happens (I'm sure it does) that is definitely an issue. While rivers are mostly not a private property, I think they should be and that would have been a violation. The tragedy of commons is real and should be avoided if you care about the resource.


Cartels (which I assume you don't like) exist solely due to the war on drugs by the state. Terrorists exist solely due to the state - both via direct funding and their goals (influence politics). So that's one.
"Money Laundering" is a very important term - it basically means some other people get to do with their money something that the state doesn't approve of. I'm all for that. Your money, you get to do what you want.
@_date: 2016-11-16 20:54:20
This is how it is already done. Physical cash supply has relatively little importance in developed countries like US. The Fed just puts some numbers into its database and there we go.
@_date: 2016-12-25 21:09:21
There's also a consideration of honesty: I can't seriously ask "Do you accept BTC?" with innocent eyes in a big store, since I'd know about that way before even the cashier would (from the news).
I also talk a lot about cryptos with anyone who is willing to listen - cashiers are just not in that category.
@_date: 2016-12-25 19:41:28
That's what I'm doing once in a while, when appropriate.
There's little point in asking cashiers in supermarkets or big retailers, but small business - yes, I do ask.
@_date: 2016-11-01 18:01:19


NO YOU DIMWIT. How, how is that possible that a finance journalist will be blind to violence??? The reason NOT to approve BTC ETF is that it will align interests of many very wealthy people with BTC's success, thus making cracking down on it so much harder in the future. Making BTC popular will also reduce the power of the state by undermining the ability to print money.
@_date: 2017-01-11 04:53:52
I do not have the time to properly reply to that now, though I find your approach most reasonable and the topic is extremely interesting and relevant to me. Here comes the non-proper answer, and please by all means forgive me my brevity and lack of bulletproof argumentation, that's not how I would normally write.


State violence in drug regulation creates super-profits, super-profits draw great talent, great predation ensues. Also, people prone to drug abuse are (quote needed, I know) shown to be coming from child abuse, and state is the greatest creator of child abuse (hilariously also via war on drugs).


The only tragic part about it's original wording is there not being people around the author to point to most obvious, trivial solution. Private property. WTF there even is a "common" field in the village?
I'm glad you are aware enough to not bring trivial examples - you basically brought up things that can not be efficiently owned, or at least it is not trivial. I assure you, it is really easy to convince people that air quality is important, create customer pressure on entrepreneurs etc. Current dismal situation is partially due to state roads and state agriculture. Remove violence (money transfer from you and me to road construction and farmers) and see situation improve.




Looks like you only need some ideas about how free society can operate. I strongly advise you on Stefan Molyneux ( try to listen to first 30 or so podcasts on his site fdrpodcasts.com
@_date: 2016-12-01 20:40:07
That's not how competition works.
@_date: 2016-11-18 20:05:50
Good to know I'm not the only one with this experience on LocalBitcoins.
PS. It's hilarious, go read it now.
@_date: 2016-12-30 21:45:31
Excellent points, thank you (omg a sane redditor who can make an argument!).
First of all, and a bit outside the context, you are posting on Bitcoin forum. It does not seem that there is a clear path to scalability for Bitcoin, so it is questionable whether Bitcoin (at least on-chain) can become widespread payment tool. Below I'll just pretend we are talking about some newer crypto with same properties of non-reversible transactions.
As to 1, customers might have a choice: pay via escrow or pay directly. Seller must explicitly get support from the escrow, paying some fee per transaction and this serving as a vetting process. Seller might also decide whether price will be the same for both options or bigger via the escrow.
As to two, I think it might be addressed with the same technique - smaller companies have to pay for the trust.
As for "you are fundamentally trusting the merchant" - I see nothing wrong with that and I do not see it as avoidable. Once escrow company gets to any relevant size, I see no issues trusting it, as I know it's seller vetting process will be ironclad and its fees will be adequate so that it never goes under.
This, recursively, leaves us with a problem "well, how do new escrows come into existence" :)
@_date: 2016-12-12 06:21:07


Exchange bitcoin directly and instantly for Amazon gift codes inside Bitpay mobile app (no accounts, no bullshit).
Use all4btc.com to buy on almost any site (aliexpress, ebay, whatever) with 5% fee - no accounts, all anonymous.
Use phonerefill.com to pay for most phones.
@_date: 2016-12-21 20:49:54
Damn that's well said. I'll be repeating that, hope you don't mind.
@_date: 2016-11-22 19:56:45
At a first glance this shop looks great! Thank you for sharing!
@_date: 2018-06-09 08:31:01
Crypto not durable? Like if you forget a bag of bitcoin in your trunk for a couple of months it will end up all broken into little pieces and deformed from heat?
@_date: 2016-12-08 19:50:08
I'm not the op, but that's what I'd do:
 - Explain how to swipe gift card into their Bitpay wallet. Everyone knows how to install an app.
 - Explain that they can buy Amazon gift codes directly in the app.
 - Explain that they can use purse.io for 15% off of Amazon.
 - Explain that they can use all4btc.com to buy on any site without registration (for a 5%/$7 min fee).
That's it. It's like 2 minutes to explain or print on a card, and literally zero headache for employees.
@_date: 2016-12-15 19:32:29
Dude why are you talking to yourself?
@_date: 2016-12-30 19:38:00
This is a great question with a very simple answer.
If we look at popular retailers - eBay, Amazon - the protection is at the side of the retailer (intermediary) and not at the side of the credit card company. You file a complaint with eBay/Amazon and they refund you.
Also, how many trades do you think happen "1-on-1 versus untrusted person on the Internet"? Normally people buy from trusted business or big retailers.
@_date: 2016-12-01 20:50:04


Looks like not implemented yet.
Overall, it is very sad and very natural. Ban cash -&gt; people need alternatives -&gt; seize alternatives.
I'm really sorry for our brothers and sisters in India.
@_date: 2016-12-01 20:25:44
kraken.com for bank transfers, localbitcoins.com for multiple local options (some with cash, and often with significant premium), coinatmradar.com for ATMs, etc etc etc. There are many ways, just search.
@_date: 2016-12-30 19:58:39
I've been reading r/bitcoin for about two or three months now, reading all posts. Would you mind providing a couple of links to the instances of what you say? Or are you referring to something that was happening in the past, but doesn't happen anymore?
@_date: 2016-12-06 19:56:54
kraken.com - wire USD to the exchange, little/no fees, buy BTC, sell BTC for USD, wire USD to your bank.
@_date: 2016-12-27 20:37:49


Call it violence, call it evil, but please don't call it "incompetence". The fact that they are incompetent is far secondary to the fact that they take your money under the barrel of a gun.
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:46:15


Wait, regardless of the source of income? I have an amazing (seriously, for me personally discovering moral philosophy is amazingly liberating) suggestion: hate only rich people who are rich due to violence. In majority of cases it is really easy to tell. Corporation profiting from state-enforced monopoly or war efforts? Bad. Successful and popular video game manufacturer? No problem with me.
@_date: 2018-06-11 19:27:57


We focus on two things: violence and property rights. Capital/business/profit is simply what to us appears to be a likely way people would organize when violence and breach of property rights is minimized. If people choose to organize in a different way, as long as they are within NAP, hey, we are all good! :)


Freely associate on your own land. Collectively bargain without initiating force or violating property rights.


I avoid discussing terminology whenever possible for I find it brings nothing but unnecessary friction. I'll say how I use/understand these words, but we don't really have to reach a consensus here: "anarchism" for me is about there being no state. "leftist" to me vaguely means statist/against property rights. So I do think these two are in contradiction. Do I care if we use them differently? No I don't, use whatever words you want just please don't violate NAP.
Now for the interesting part:


Workers unite, workers organize, workers demand raise, factory owner declines the raise. Workers strike, factory owner fires everyone and hires new people. Factory owner publishes the list of people who went on strike for other factory owners to know and perhaps avoid hiring them.
In the above scenario, did I miss anything? Would the union you have in mind have acted differently? What do you think about the above scenario?
@_date: 2016-12-06 02:53:55
Not historically accurate.
Cowry -&gt; Cowry-shaped-electrum -&gt; gold coins -&gt; paper money -&gt; Visa -&gt; BTC
@_date: 2016-12-23 19:18:30
1. No matter what you read here, I hope you are mature enough so that your last conversation will be with an actual tax attorney who specializes in Bitcoin. These are readily available.
2. 
3. Bitpay.com are absolutely awesome. Start with them by all means.
4. Note that if you have any margin at all (I hope you do) you don't have to convert all of your incoming BTC into fiat right away.
Hope that helps.
@_date: 2016-11-09 19:54:42
Maybe a sudden and severe crackdown on cash has more to do with it then US election? Just a thought.
@_date: 2017-01-24 04:21:43


THIS. This is how we win. State is not a monolithic Sauron, we might get them one by one. Chances are slim, but why not.
@_date: 2016-12-07 20:53:24
Right now if one wants to buy Bitcoin, one has to go register on weird exchanges, submit papers and pray they don't get scammed or hacked.
Once ETF is there, one will be able to use their investment app (eTrade/Robinhood/Vanguard) to buy COIN ETF in several clicks. Huge freaking difference.
@_date: 2016-12-20 20:38:12
1. I'm not aware of any offer that would allow you to store Bitcoin directly in some Amazon-provided wallet.
2. You can instantly buy Amazon gift codes via Bitpay wallet (no accounts, no bullshit), on the on-demand amounts. I.e. you need to pay $14.15, you can buy gift code for $14.15 and pay with it immediately.
3. As others have said, use purse.io for slower purchases with big discounts, while empowering people in need and spreading Bitcoin goodness.
@_date: 2016-12-26 00:20:30
1. During the last 200 years vast majority of jobs have been automated away. I find that most (all?) "automation" alarmism nowadays comes from statist socialists who are pedaling insane UBI agenda.
2. Bitcoin, if anything, can reduce the power of the state, meaning more productivity and better quality of life in a long term.
@_date: 2016-12-08 23:47:11
Wow. Goldbug-central Zerohedge starts pumping BTC, if anyone had doubts about that, your doubts will be eliminated after reading the article.
@_date: 2016-12-17 00:19:36
"Change passwords" does not really apply here, since your password IS your wallet. You can create a new wallet and send all the funds from your current wallet, that would be "Changing password" in a way. Old wallet will remain perfectly usable of course. Hope that makes sense.
Note that many/most mobile wallets allow you to use PIN number for any outgoing (spending) transactions. Remember that this is mostly cosmetic security (or protection against children) since seed is still stored on the device and can be recovered by anyone who can use google. This is why above I advice you to create a new wallet and move funds immediately - even if attacker can recover your original seed, it will be useless to them as a key to empty safe.


I'm glad intelligent people are coming to Bitcoin :) From not knowing the basics to instinctually coming up with attacks in one day :) Bravo :)
The answer is: when you create a new "wallet" (actually it is a pair of private key/public address, where public address is derived directly from private key. Public address is the "to" address in a transaction) nothing ends up on a blockchain. The wallet is just an arbitrary private/public key pair. The only thing on the blockchain are transactions (containing, in a nutshell, "to", "from", and "amount"). So before someone sends anything to the new address, there is no record of it anywhere beside (hopefully! lol) your device. Now here comes the trick: transactions cost money!
Therefore, such attack will cost attacker money for every transaction. Moreover, due to Bitcoin's limitations (which are killing it imo, but we'll see) there is only one block every 10 minutes, and block size is limited to 1Mb, so only a limited number of transactions with highest fees will get into the block.
Hope that helps! Welcome to the future :)
EDIT: Payment for the transactions is called "fee" or "miners fee", and people collecting them are miners who create blocks.
@_date: 2016-12-01 19:11:43
You spent your time replying to me. I'd expect this to be due to you wanting to influence my opinion on the subject. Yet you yourself fail to admit your errors. This is unpleasant and makes this conversation feel like a farce, like I'm talking to a television.
Your first claim was that something that can not be used as money daily, can not be reserve currency. This is clearly incorrect, and I brought fourth the example of gold (could have been SDRs etc). Instead of either admitting your mistake or ignoring it, you proceeded to talk about gold being better then crypto. Man, please keep it reasonable. If you decide to spend your time convincing me, please be human about it.


And again here. Your claim was that something actively traded ("by amateurs in China") can not be reserve currency. This is clearly incorrect, as is evident by insanely huge daily Forex trading volumes (market that is also available and widely used by amateurs). Instead of admitting your error or at least ignoring my claim, you proceed to say this is not economically significant. Cmon man, please be reasonable.


I've never said this. On the contrary, I listed several contexts in which the term "reserve currency" can be meaningful - "world" was not one of them.


Wow. Just wow. So much wrong with this phrase! Let me elaborate:


VERY IMPORTANT: dollars are NOT virtual gold! Dollars are arbitrary fiat tokens. US government can (and does) make more at any point, can revoke them at will etc. NOT virtual gold!


YES IT DOES. That's the whole point. That's what we all are talking about here! Do you think people would voluntarily use currency that someone can (and does) arbitrarily create all the time??? One can not legally use other forms of money, especially gold ( This is fundamental, absolutely fundamental. This is not about convenience, this is "use our currency or be killed/jailed".
(I have some issue with the rest of your claim, but if we are going to continue this conversation lets keep it on narrow track).
@_date: 2016-11-04 20:16:34
The below is a great write-up from current Ethereum dev team:
This is a great video IMHO, Vitalik is talking about current PoS direction, very clear and interesting (also sharding in the end) 
Note that other implementations already exist in the wild, and yet more are being designed right now, this is just one of the approaches.
PS. No downvotes please, dude just wants to know, I'm not promoting anything here.
@_date: 2016-11-26 02:07:48
Do you view the Fed as somehow separate from the state? 


@_date: 2018-06-11 19:57:37


So no need in union then? Sorry I don't understand. Since you were talking about unions I assume you think unions are at least somewhat relevant. Lets talk about real situations where both labor competition and employer competition exist, unless you want to limit your need for unions for some specific conditions (which would be fine with me).


I'm absolutely with you here.


That would defeat the purpose of striking in the first place (higher wages in my example), as no more factory - no more wages. Neither of the parties is interested in this outcome.


The "common knowledge" of Pinkerton Army era of US history is, of course, mostly propaganda and lies - if your knowledge of it comes only from school or academia I urge you to go and read the wiki, it's fascinating and not that long.
Beating people to work doesn't work. That's slavery, it is terribly economically inefficient and is impossible without both cultural and state support. Also, that's a violation of NAP and I'm very likely to go and defend these who are being beaten to work.
I'd appreciate if you referred me to the specific episode where "History has shown us" the above - not trying to call you out, but I'd like to educate myself.
Let me formulate the question again to keep us on point: assuming workers were hired on competitive wage basis, and they decide to strike for a raise - what is preventing the factory owner from replacing them with other workers?
@_date: 2018-06-11 19:07:56
Additional taxes: real estate tax, capital gains tax, sales tax, medicare/medicaid/ss deductions, vehicle related taxes. Some of my biggest expenses happen to be on items that have heavy regulatory cost burden on them. What appears on W2 is not the only thing state extorts from me, directly or indirectly.
Additional data point would be state spending as percent of GDP (right now around 38%)  - though I'm aware about issues with how both of these numbers are calculated.
But even if it's just the 10%. 10% of income is 1 month of vacation a year. That's still quite significant.
Would you mind if there was an ability to choose the provider of defense of self and property? Same way as you decide which supermarket you go to? Do you see issues with that?
@_date: 2016-11-01 06:02:10
Chinese exchanges. No fees. Doesn't count. With all my passionate love towards Bitcoin and desire to promote investment and adoption, these numbers just don't matter.
This is what matters: 
And other platforms that are not included, like Coinbase, Circle, Localbitcoins, Shapeshift.
@_date: 2016-11-16 19:33:32
Goblin town (from "Down down to goblin town" song). Some also say doom.
@_date: 2017-08-30 08:45:43
Among the other inaccuracies others have noted, PayPal charges 4.5% fee. Not saying Bitcoin is the end-all, but facts are facts.
@_date: 2016-12-29 20:07:44
Wow, thank you so much for posting. This is an amazing read by any standards.
I highly recommend this to anyone!
@_date: 2016-12-23 19:07:20
Paging u/BTC_Forever
If anyone would know, it would be that guy. Look at his post history or pm him if he doesn't show up. But he will, he will.
@_date: 2016-12-08 19:51:52
Great idea, and please very carefully consider my reply to u/jmw74 below.
Thank you very much for what you are doing. I'd be excited if you posted a followup about how did it go, or at least write me a pm.
@_date: 2016-12-04 21:33:11
Public cryptocurrency, such as Bitcoin, fundamentally undermines power of the state by taking away state's ability to control money supply.
There's a nuance here: what do you mean by "government benefits"?
@_date: 2016-11-29 21:07:04
Wait... wait... are you telling me the bank was open during the time you needed it, and office was conveniently located? Are you telling me the transactions actually went through as expected? Are you telling me the fees are just $30 for transfer of $50k? (Are transfers between accounts in the same bank? Are you in fairyland?) Are you telling me you didn't lose access to the accounts? Are you telling me the bank didn't tell you "nope, first we have to move you to our premium banking program, that will take 5 days and cost $500 yearly"?
Dude, you don't hate banks. Not yet.
@_date: 2016-12-16 22:04:54
 - Electricity costs (you'll be competing with miners on free/cheap electricity).
 - They do "go bad" in a sense that network's hashing power increases, so you will be getting smaller and smaller rewards with time: 
 - If you know their hash power and electricity costs, you can calculate approximate revenue here: 
Hope that helps!
@_date: 2016-12-16 22:25:03
Depends on the specific store you are buying from, there is no general guideline (except daily/weekly maximums). Ask a cashier. Worst case, buy extra.
@_date: 2016-11-26 01:59:12


Why do you think so? I can only think about technical limitations ("grandmas" can't use it) and transaction speed/limit. Anything else?


Whoa, why? Serious question.


Arbitrary printing of fiat money is a great tool in the hands of a state to finance it's own growth. Specifically, it is required to fund any significant wars (not quoting research here, I've done the research myself). Crypto appears to be inherently violence-resistant, as it is very hard to confiscate and hard to prove ownership of.


Why would you like to get rid of a mr. Banker? Customer puts money into a bank, gets 3% return, bank then carefully lends it out at 6%, everyone is happy. This is in the absence of a state of course.


What's bad about that? Yes greedy investors will pick risky banks and cause a bank-run, but no one forces you to hold crypto in a bank.
@_date: 2016-12-08 20:24:05
You are right, I did not personally use purse.io and can not vouch to its user friendliness. I guess I should not give advice on stuff I did not use.
On one hand, some of these people might be less inclined to put an app on their phone. On the other hand, they'll see a person they respect (their boss) take bitcoin very very seriously. What is the likelihood some of them will be more interested in bitcoin in the future?
Also, since you are on this sub, I assume you are not anti-bitcoin in general. Do you think op's actions would harm bitcoin?
@_date: 2016-12-29 20:18:50
ATM fee prices are so high for a reason: 
It is mostly state-enforced fees. Competition can not work (fully) in a presence of violence.
@_date: 2016-12-17 04:43:02
Now that this thread is likely not on the first page anymore, and I'm not risking too many downvotes, I'll tell you this: take a look at Ethereum. That's the real shit, technologically speaking. Bitcoin is like that first primitive car running on coal, Ethereum is like Ford Model T in comparison. Also, way cheaper for now due to less hype. I'm not pumping a coin, take a look for yourself.
@_date: 2016-12-01 20:18:25
1. Congrats. High five!
2. By all means, stay out of jail. The state is still too big and powerful. Obey the laws, don't be greedy when paying taxes.
3. Keep doing that! Every BTC you supply to cash-starved Indians will enter circulation and likely make them want more in the future.
@_date: 2016-12-04 23:45:41
Install Bitpay wallet (Android, Iphone), you can do that right inside the app.
@_date: 2016-12-01 20:38:38


That is how we win - slowly eat the state from the inside. Bribe players one by one.
@_date: 2016-11-21 21:35:56
This is one of my biggest hopes for crypto: while for a state as a whole crypto spells loss of control over money supply (a huge blow to the power), state is made of individual agents, who can independently benefit from crypto and thus sway state decision-making towards it.
@_date: 2016-12-30 19:49:23
1. I'm not sure how this is an objection to what I predict.
2. I think the only cases where people loose their coins is by coins getting stuck on exchanges. I don't think this has anything to do with the topic. If you know of other instances, lets discuss.
@_date: 2018-06-10 21:12:06
(Not the person you are replying to, mind you)


So currently the state takes 40%-60% of my income, and I can't do anything beside earning less. Also for many people the state takes "all" they have. Is your issue only with the "all"? At how big of a tax burden you say enough? What recourse do you have?


Examples please. And please not something Coca-Cola did once in the 80s.
@_date: 2016-12-16 22:43:04
Instead of username and password, like say email, crypto has just the password. Moreover, normally you don't get to pick a password, but it is randomly generated for you.
Being able to spend the money is having access to the password.
For convenience purposes, in most wallets passwords are presented to you as "seed phrases" (BIP 39 standard) - 12 English words. The actual "private keys" are derived from the BIP39 seed phrase. Confusingly, due to Hierarchical Deterministic (HD) technology, new public/private key may be generated behind the scenes for every INCOMING transaction.
Once you have installed a wallet, most of them would create a private key for you and ask you to backup 12 words. Write them down in a safe secure place. If you ever loose your phone, first thing you want to do is to enter these 12 words on a new device and send the coins to a new wallet.
Hope that helps!
@_date: 2019-02-22 23:30:07
Escrow service is a great idea and I'm sure plenty of people would love to keep using it. I even suspect the current leaders will stay in power (Visa, Paypal, Alipay).
With crypto you will have an option - would you like to use direct transfer, which is cheaper and non-reversible, or would you like to use escrow which is more cumbersome but reversible?
Choice is good, freedom is good.
@_date: 2019-02-04 22:21:43
@_date: 2017-11-21 22:00:10
Well you understand that state tyranny is a thing and the people need protection from it....
@_date: 2017-11-20 19:34:16
You need either a hardware or software wallet. If you don't have much software wallet is totally fine.
Install one of the free software wallets on your phone: Jaxx.io, BitPay, Mycelium. **Record the backup phrase on paper, and don't loose it** Move a tiny amount first, if that works move the rest. You can then uninstall the wallet from your phone, in the future your backup phrase would suffice to get access to your funds.
@_date: 2019-02-25 21:42:48
1. Do not disclose the size of your holdings, offline or online. "I have a small amount" is all you should ever say under any circumstances.
2. This sub has weekly sob stories about losing entire savings due to exchanges. Never ever ever hold any considerable amount on an exchange unless you are trading. Transaction fees are cheap now, withdraw immediately.
3. Consider using mobile wallet like Jaxx or hardware wallet like Ledger. Make sure you have a reliable and safe backup of the seed phrase.
4. When you withdraw from the exchange, always start with a tiny amount. Make sure it went through, then withdraw the rest. Better to pay transaction fees twice then lose the money.
@_date: 2017-11-21 21:55:40
@_date: 2017-11-03 19:27:55
Yes, all incoming transactions to your bank account over $10k are automatically reported to IRS. Note that anything that might look like you are circumventing the rule - i.e. transferring $5k and then $5k will also be reported, while raising red flags on their side.
@_date: 2019-02-04 00:44:09
A perfect combination of crypto-scammines, overused meme, and an attempt to put down one of industry leaders.
7/5, would cringe again. Post more of your amazing art.
@_date: 2019-02-11 04:30:41


Depending on jurisdiction and circumstances, legal requirements can be crazy, so we really can never guess unless we know for sure. For example one of (a thousand) of requirements of ATM can be that it cannot initiate an exchange on behalf of a customer, because someone in 1856 did some telegraph-based wire fraud somewhere.


There might be technical issues, for example with latency or security (ATM is not perfectly secure since it is physically vulnerable and is not manufactured by owner), and it might make instant trades on exchange impossible or very undesirable.
@_date: 2017-11-20 21:19:45
1. You will need the phrase when you want to move funds again, you will install some wallet and enter the phrase in it. Never enter the phrase online, on untrusted machine or into untrusted wallet. Stick to well-known wallets on mobile, don't use desktops at all.
2. Yes, same exact technique and same exact phrase will work for Ethereum. The standard is called BIP-39 and it supports most cryptocurrencies. I suggest you install specifically Jaxx.io since it supports both BTC and ETH. Then you will only need to secure one 12-word phrase.
@_date: 2017-11-06 20:06:39
Coinbase alone (which is not even in Korea or Japan, major markets recently) adds over 200,000 new customers **daily** on some days. We all know they are coming in to buy. 13,000,000 / 200,000 = $65. And lets not forget that likely each customer is going to buy more than once. Many set up repeat weekly or monthly buys (judging from comments on Reddit, I don't have Coinbase insider info).
So no worries there :)
EDIT: now thinking about this, I don't know where I got the 200k new customers number. It might be closer to 50k averaged over month. Don't eat me.
@_date: 2017-11-19 23:33:06
Already exists, and is quite great by the way: Cell 411
@_date: 2017-11-18 08:05:09
Great question!
* First, and this is crucially important to understand, is to ask yourself "What currency do I want to hold my savings in: the one that is increasing in supply or the one that is decreasing/remains stable?" I'm sure your answer is to hold non-inflatable asset. I assure you everyone else is the same in that regard. That means that in practice people need to be forced under a threat of violence to hold inflating fiat money. Note that the same organization is controlling the education, provides enforcement services and has a power to print fiat arbitrarily: it's the state. This is the single most important argument, because you have to understand what the implications of holding these opinions are. "I'm ok with people using whatever currency they want" makes you a good guy that can live in peaceful society. "Fiat needs to be used for whatever reason I think is good" makes you approve of violence against yourself and others.
* Second, you will not regret buying food when you are hungry in ten years, because you understand you must eat. You will not regret buying a house to live in or renting a room, or taking a vacation that you really enjoyed, or buying a car for work. On the other hand you might have heard about such little thing as pollution, climate change, rampart consumerism and waste. A lot of these things are a direct result of inflationary monetary policy: most people understand that saving is impossible, which creates bubbles in non-inflatable assets (real estate, stocks, art, vintage cars) and make people spend more in the here and now.
@_date: 2017-11-21 23:40:28


**Only** when entangled with the state. McDonalds and Toys'R'Us don't put boots on your neck. It's the state that is the issue.


I assume in this market, ie in ISP market. Yes, it is severely limited by the state. Having more state will only make it worse.


As others brought up, it is a relatively new law. Lets reduce state violence while we can, what we can. Less state is never bad thing (exception is for its legitimate uses of violence that are defense of self, property and perhaps enforcement of contracts).
Please, dear friend, do not support the escalation of state power. That has always been bad and will only be bad in the future. Lets dismantle the beast bit by bit.
@_date: 2019-02-04 00:44:59
Hey hey no kink-shaming.
@_date: 2017-11-21 21:59:10


It's hard to have a meaningful discussion if you start emotionally coloring the agenda/stand of the other.


The solution to the violence is never more violence. The solution to state-enforced oligopoly is of course to remove the state enforcement of such oligopoly. I don't care how historically the existing infrastructure was built, the recipe to a better future is to remove violent (state) control from everything, starting from the Internet.
@_date: 2017-11-24 23:20:48
This is called BIP-39 seed phrase.
The x's are not secret, they are called a derivation path, i.e. how the actual secret - the words - should be used.
If you have 12 words, just enter them into any Bitcoin wallet. I recommend BitPay or Jaxx.io for mobile (assuming your phone is not rooted or jailbroken).
If these wallets don't support it (differrent derivation path), you might have to look around for the wallet supporting that specific derivation path or one where you can additionally enter the derivation path manually.
EDIT: Note that you also have BCH with the same address, and you can control it with the same seed. BitPay supports BCH if you enable it in the setting. You can sell BCH on shapeshift.io
@_date: 2017-11-22 18:29:42
In the example you bring, I see two things:
 - Cheap or free offer for the people. I'm sorry you can not call that tyranny. If a lot of people voluntarily choose free internet with Facebook, who am I to support violent interference with this?
 - A company manipulating people's votes. That is indeed a problem, in a sense that that presupposes state and these people potentially voting not the way you or me might prefer. The solution to this is of course to get rid of the state, not to get rid of social networks or influencers.
@_date: 2017-11-18 11:47:06


You don't need economical knowledge to make everyday decisions. You need morals. Violence? Bad. Property rights? Good. Don't let people talk you into justifying violence against yourself or others.
A side effect of fiat money is always misery, always poverty, always the destruction of the poor - for it is the wealthy and the connected who have access to capital-preserving means (stock market and real estate most importantly, as well as offshore accounts and other currencies). Freshly printed fiat is spent on state needs, which is most commonly military, bribes, servicing debt and other such things.
@_date: 2017-11-22 09:28:19


A market in general, or specifically a market in ISPs? Examples of somewhat competitive and not too regulated market would include restaurants (not in US), hairdressers, car dealerships etc.
As for ISP you mean outside of US? I'm less familiar with that, and in US they are obviously regulated (consequently bad and expensive service in many places, monopoly and cartels inevitably result in that).


Doesn't have to be this way. Also if we take state land as given it can just be leased, no need to regulate the entire ISP.


Perfect, then ISPs would share the costs and lease to each other. Private businesses are really good at that. And in general case "competition results in unnecessary duplication" is the horrid opposite of truth: competition and accompanying duplication result in constant race to efficiency and affordability, resilience of the system, innovation etc etc.


Not sure what you mean by that.


This is solvable in twenty different ways. First and foremost, last mile can be easily served by wireless, technologies are plentiful. There can be block-wide or condominium-wide wired hub such that provider need only route to it. There are widely used ethernet-over-power solutions. Seriously, twenty ways.
@_date: 2017-11-02 23:56:56
^ This guy understands.
@_date: 2019-02-06 22:31:11


Oh! So just like the state then.
@_date: 2017-11-20 01:08:05
Yes, now I see that they no longer advertise the ride sharing functionality of it, but last time I got it installed the app totally had it.
@_date: 2017-11-19 23:25:34
"Why is this guy digging up his garden for the third time this year? Did Bitcoin fork again?" - an amused neighbor.
@_date: 2017-04-17 20:38:33


These hoops do not just somehow magically appear. It's the state. The state is making it hard. It will keep fighting public cryptos for dear life.
Awesome people like the OP is what will make us win.
@_date: 2017-04-17 23:12:28
And how is that exchanges' problem?
@_date: 2017-04-10 20:58:55




Impossible under limited emission. Impossible, do you understand that? No more large-scale war. That's why I'm here.
@_date: 2017-04-11 01:14:07
Can you please clarify? Not sure whether you are talking about some new drama that I missed or is there something else?
@_date: 2017-04-17 21:40:49
Please explain what do you mean by fraud. The only fraud I can think of is reversing fiat transaction after receiving the crypto for fiat. Which means exchanges that do not deal with fiat (Poloniex) have no reason to possibly be concerned with fraud.
What fraud do you have in mind?
@_date: 2017-04-18 00:58:12
If I stole some fiat, transferred it to the exchange and then bought some crypto with it - how does exchange has less money?
@_date: 2017-04-17 21:43:31


That is not a law of gravity or the sad fact that people die of old age. This "situation" is created and maintained by one very specific organization: the state. It is maintained so that said state can benefit (enormously!) from money-printing.
@_date: 2018-11-02 00:16:39
Sorry I'm not sure what is imperialism and what "our" country are you talking about.
Was the country of that dramatic baby recently invaded by the country you are living in? If so, I don't think that Bitcoin can help in the near term, but I can see how it can significantly reduce the amount of wars in the world, as all significant wars (except colonial wars) are funded by inflation.
@_date: 2016-09-20 19:16:28


That differs from what is commonly defined to be money, ie medium of exchange and store of value. I claim that money can exist and be extremely useful in the absence of any kind of debt.


Notable historic examples of money include cowrie shells and gold. I don't think anyone is or was "obligated" to accept these. Moreover the very concept of "obligated" is questionable - a person can make promises, but it is hardly possible to establish some kind of universal obligations (open to debate).


Money can exist without state, or where state does not tax anything. This claim is invalid.


I do not see how this is true even under most broad assumptions. Example: a man making lemonade from lemons that he buys in supermarket and selling the lemonade from the booth he rents (on a daily basis) from market, when such man is in possession of enough cash to pay whatever taxes he owes for his previous earnings.


Or gold. Or labor. Or commodities. Or wares. AKA - it is money.


Is it also true for gold? Additionally, I'm not sure what "barter token" is and how is it different from money.


Barter (moneyless) economy is indeed not as efficient as money economy can be, but please don't extend this to money (cowrie, gold, bitcoin). You have called bitcoin a "barter token" and somehow limited bitcoin-based economy to "barter economy", and this seems like false extension.


Can the same be said about gold? This entire paragraph seems to be an attempt to make bitcoin seem less of a money by pointing at a fact that other form of money is currently more widely used. Yes, currently in some areas state fiat is more widely used. Can bitcoin be more widely used in a future? I don't see reason why not.


Judging by conversations on r/bitcoin, many people are aware of money supply issues and monetary policy, and these might be the main reasons why bitcoin is becoming popular.


You mean there is no centralized mechanism. Each individual actor might decide to move to a cryptocurrency better suited to real economic use, or to fork bitcoin (essentially the same thing).
@_date: 2016-09-26 18:44:57
The quote is by Yves Mersch, a member of the ECB’s executive board. It's not hard to guess that he is using a bunch of empty meaningless rhetoric to discourage the use of blockchain. The game is on. He attempts to criticize, in vague terms, the very technology that has the potential to bring his (extremely destructive) power down.


You betcha, Yves, you betcha. Also, not like currently there are no conflicts between enterpreneurship and parasitic state...
@_date: 2018-11-01 23:28:32


Sorry, no, at least not strictly speaking. I lend you three potatoes expecting you to repay me with 4 potatoes in a week, this has nothing to do with world potato supply. And I'm not trying to be a nitpicker here, but if we have a chance to look and talk smart lets take this chance.


Except for basic human desire to have more money than they had yesterday. You are correct that one might expect the purchasing power to increase over years, but what if one wants more? That would be the reason to risk and lend it out. Of course that would be very different incentive then today's inflation burning your savings daily, so we can expect to see more reserved lending.
@_date: 2018-11-08 02:32:14
If there's no state there are no taxes.
@_date: 2018-11-01 23:15:03
Why are they poor? What makes their circumstance so bad? Would their circumstance be different if they moved to a different place? Why would it be different?
@_date: 2019-01-07 02:46:09
Do you have anonymous exchange that allows you to sell XMR and withdraw BTC? Genuinely curious.
@_date: 2018-11-01 23:31:32
1. That is not entirely true, they do have some reserve requirements.
2. "Fiat" has nothing to do with the above, banks were over leveraged in the gold standard era as well. "Fiat" has to do with the state, not the commercial banks.
@_date: 2018-03-19 21:07:03
This is a great point, thank you.
It is all a matter of competition between different forms of "means of exchange" and "store of value". For different people and different circumstances there would be different solutions. There is the local real estate (not liquid, not fungible, potentially high carry costs), there is the local currency (liquid and fungible, but devaluing due to printing), there is the foreign currency (liquid and fungible almost like local currency, but maybe devaluing less).
People outside of US hold USD only because it is better than local fiat. USD is in many circumstances better than local fiat due to US being the last to abandon gold standard which has caused it to become world-wide reserve currency. Also at the time of gold standard US was relatively less statist, therefore more economically powerful, therefore didn't need to print as much fiat. This, however, has changed:  (press on MAX)
@_date: 2016-09-22 20:58:37
Slowly slowly.
@_date: 2018-03-02 08:23:25
...but hey anyone can point at something they don't like and show the flaws. That's not much use however without suggesting alternatives, is it? I do believe there is a great, if non-trivial alternative: rand  to follow up if you are curious.
@_date: 2019-01-09 22:02:35


I'm not a fan of "encourage" argument. It's like saying I can kidnap someone's wife in order to encourage them to work harder. While technically possibly true (but not necessarily), it's a horrible behavior and we should all resist theft from ourselves and others.
@_date: 2018-11-22 22:23:04
You are welcome.
@_date: 2018-03-02 00:05:35


That is the exact opposite of reality.  For starters the government appoints heads of central banks, etc etc.


I'm not sure how it is relevant. The state enforces "laws" in preferential manner that suits state actors. There is no way to "fix" the law of the state to restrict the state.


Only the CB can print paper money. If you are referring to fractional reserve lending, there's nothing wrong with that but in reality commercial bank's ability to lend at current insane leverage is entirely due to the state and FDIC that prevents bank runs.


Please tell me where I'm wrong.
@_date: 2019-01-11 21:20:25


Recession caused by the state (indirectly via enabling/forcing certain lending practices). Deflation is in no way a cause, but just a very temporary symptom. Certainly this was not about deflation. Also this is the beginning of the major inflationary push.


Recession caused, among the rest, by sudden deflation created by the state, and exacerbated by continuing state involvement. We can't point at that and say "see, deflation is bad!". Sure, a huge sudden change in state policy is bad.


I never for the life of me understand this argument. Investment is related to possible profits, money is always looking where to be put. The infrastructure of banks and their fixed rate returns has existed since the middle ages, why would it suddenly disappear? Yes, the investors will be more cautious without state stealing from them every second, but that is a great thing, see 2008. Also, every gram of gold not spent potentially increases the value of all other people's gold.


Business that produces something that people need, and does that better then competitors, doesn't go under.


Phenomenon of the state. Lines means deficit, deficit means state got involved (or natural disaster which the market resolves in seconds).


Even if that means that "nation" is stealing from you personally?
@_date: 2019-01-11 21:53:01
I think you might be bit confused here: even countries that retain the ability to print their own currency are still heavily reliant on maintaining reserves in foreign currency that they cannot print (mostly USD and EUR).
Keeping (unprintable) gold in reserves was also a thing until not so long ago.
And lastly, "risk the very premise of the central bank itself, in the eyes of the people" - is your personal opinion of central banks high? How many people that matter have high opinion of central banks?
@_date: 2016-09-27 18:08:13
We don't have to wait or die waiting. We can, and will, build a free society where there is no monopolization of violence by a single organization. Please don't call democracy, which is just another form of state rule, as a path to utopia.
Can modern overgrown states survive in absence of fiat currency? We will have to see, but my intuitive answer is no, they can not.
@_date: 2019-01-12 23:55:37




Even if that is true - what causes people to chase risky investment? Why not, you know, just save some money for retirement?


Yes, states make "mistakes". I'm for removing this power from the hands of the state. You want to use money someone else can print? Good for you! I'm in no way stopping you. Would you allow me to use the money that I want?


Of course I understand that. What I don't agree with is that holding cash is bad.


Yes, stealing money from people (via inflation) will bring on some additional economic activity, as people hurry and spend/invest the money. Is this extra activity beneficial though? I say let people retire early, let them save a bit in riskless assets, let them invest smartly in long-term, safe, low-yield projects - as opposed to eternal string of destructive bubbles.




As long as I'm forced to hold dollars, and as long as someone (who is not me) is able to print more dollars - my savings are being diluted. This is unequivocally theft. You might say that you are ok with that, but please let's not redefine words.


Taxes are price for something as much as "working on a plantation" is a price for a slave for "not being whipped". I think there are better ways to organize, such that one only pays for services they consume.


Bad example of tax-free society. Please try again :)
@_date: 2018-11-08 21:46:49


Enforcement of safety and property can (and should) be done by competing for-profit enterprises.


Homeowner pays yearly fee for protection or (likely much higher) fee on the spot.


Pay-per-mile. Also, fuck the roads, we are about to die in climate change because of the broken incentives on them (trucks everywhere).


You can make food voluntarily funded, you can make fuel voluntarily funded, I don't see how water is different.


I'm ok with that being charitable, or not existing at all. Parent pays for child, looks good enough for me.


See above. Stop defending those who rob you. Unite and fight back.
@_date: 2019-01-20 07:27:23
"I'm sorry about this personal question, and I understand I'm totally out of line here, but do you mind sharing what are your plans for retirement?"
Then say whatever.
EDIT: I have no clue why that was downvoted. Anyone can explain?
@_date: 2018-03-19 19:47:51


Interesting that the only tools they use to achieve these supposed goals is theft via inflation and violence to prevent competing currencies and control lending rates.
Any second of your life you spend trying to adjust or change the statist system is a second of your life that you are being inefficient.
Violence is bad, private property is good. Any attempts to use violence for good or adjust the theft to make it beneficial will fail, long-term.
I know I'm being super abstract here, if you would like to discuss details I'm up for it.
@_date: 2019-01-30 21:14:29
Don't bother with custodial solutions or even think about how the keys are stored. Just remember that you only need to know receiving public address, you don't care where the private key for that will be.
I think the app should be communicating to either lightning daemon on the backend (forgot the name, there's only one EDIT: lnd) or utilizing some public API, if there is any.
So basically button press -&gt; order to send funds over lightning.
As to show reception, use something outside of the app, something must exist that allows you to look at the balances.
@_date: 2018-03-02 20:37:17
So in your quote you take the phrase "the Federal Reserve Banks are set up like private corporations" to indicate that they are private? Despite them being directly controlled by the government and government enforcing their decrees?
I'm really not into business of nitpicking on people's words or arguing over semantics. I only want to make this point clear since while you believe that the Central Bank is somehow not the state, you will not work and act to fix the real issue - a monopoly on violence (the state). Some private corporations are not a problem, the state is the problem.
To put it another other way, it's like being in a prison (unjustly) and blaming the private prison operator for your bad conditions. It's not a private prison operator that serves you bad food that is the real issue, it's the state that sent you there (admittedly a somewhat extreme metaphor, please forgive me for that).
@_date: 2018-03-01 22:51:51
Glad to be the first person to give the actual answer!
*IT IS NOT ABOUT THE BANKS*
It's not about the banks. Yes, the banks enjoy state-enforced oligopoly, but most of the things that are bad about banks are direct result of state involvement and control. In the future the banks will be happy to hold your crypto, manage loans etc etc.
It's about the fiat money. The state prints the fiat, but no one can print crypto.
  (press on MAX)
  (press on All Time)
@_date: 2019-01-21 16:27:36


I don't see which of my words even relate to that.


I have no clue what you are talking about.


Insults never work, just make you look bad.
@_date: 2018-03-02 08:11:51


The goal of every individual, broadly speaking, is first and foremost to make their own life better, and *maybe* help others, if they feel like it and the circumstances allow.
In the context of business, the above goals are achieved by offering products and services to others in voluntary exchange. In case of state, its the use of violence and breach of property rights (do as I say or die, pay or die). That's why the businesses indeed make other's lives better, and state mostly doesn't.
Empirically speaking the states destroy the environment, kill millions in useless wars and perpetually keep people in poverty. Great example from today is Germany relaxing taxation on crypto while two crypto exchanges in India shutting down citing "government pressure" - how do you think, where population will be richer long term?
:) Juuuuust saying :)
@_date: 2019-01-08 21:06:35


I don't see how this has a basis in reality. Income tax scale moves with inlfation, perhaps lagging a bit, and I believe most other taxes with fixed amounts do too.


This can change fast, especially due to overprinting and/or other factors. That's not an immutable thing at all.


But threatening to not buy further bonds - certainly can happen.


Every dollar the state spends has been stolen (inflation) or extorted (taxes). Stolen from me, stolen from good, productive people, stolen from those who save. That is evil, that is against my interest, and that's why I hate it.
@_date: 2019-01-13 08:51:47


Taxation, prohibition, sanctions against states that don't follow suit.


Pieces of paper do not stop well organized and well armed groups (police and army in this case). Public crypto seems to be a serious threat to states, and states have long history of enslaving the population.
I'm the biggest crypto proponent, but hey we must be smart and careful.
@_date: 2019-01-09 21:14:42


Do you have a qualifier for "too large"? Do you have some proposed relationship between the two? There were years with government deficit but with negative inflation (2009), does your statement account for that?


I don't know how to think about "trying". I can only talk about actual purchases, and perhaps the amount of actual purchases as related to domestic production versus, say, import. This entire phrase doesn't make sense to me.


What? Other than perhaps some natural limits, like the mining of natural diamonds, I can't see how this phrase is something from the real world.


There are different kinds of taxes, but we can with high certainty say that many kinds of taxes will increase cost of production and therefore prices. Margins of producers are thin in any somewhat competitive economy, state can't just eat into these forever.


He makes an obviously incorrect claim that monetary system *always* comes from power (cowries and gold all were used without centralized authority). Also he himself brings an example of air miles and calls them currency.
He brings an example of British colonizers creating demand for their currency via taxation, OK.
He makes a claim that network-effect based demand for a currency is "worse" then the state-enforced one, long-term. OMG what a complete bullshit (gold still valuable, fiat collapses all the time).
It seems like a point he makes in this video is that state enforcing the use of currency via taxes creates demand for that currency - which is clearly correct and not something I would dispute. This doesn't seem to relate to our argument though.
@_date: 2019-01-17 19:58:34
UBI to me appears like an idiotic idea, and one made significantly less possible in the presence of Bitcoin (I'm ready to elaborate if anyone is curious).
Art is amazing though in its execution, no questions there.
@_date: 2018-02-28 21:56:24
So many upvotes for this shill article...
There are two ways to keep keys locally - either plaintext (or encrypted with single password like in Jaxx, basically a functional equivalent of a plaintext) or encrypted by a user password.
The developers of these apps decided that user password is not good for usability. After that decision, they have no options.
tl/dr: it is not a "vulnerability", it is a design decision.
@_date: 2019-01-16 03:29:08
You are right - the block reward indeed is halved every four years.
Here are some factors that might play into this from miners' point of view:
 - Immediate profit: if they realize their gains daily/weekly/monthly, they are less subject to crypto volatility and can possibly pay off hardware in fixed time.
 - Gain in crypto value: hope is not a good business data, but many use it still. You mine at immediate loss in fiat and hold crypto long-term.
 - Gain in transaction fees: currently doesn't compare with block reward but still is a factor.
 - Non-monetary: for many miners mining is not direct fiat-to-fiat profit maker. For example someone has access to free electricity (supervisor at a train station, corrupt politicians etc etc) and they want to make whatever profit they can.
PS. And don't forget that miners have two more volatile inputs: total difficulty and electricity prices.
@_date: 2018-03-19 20:15:57
Monetary policy being exactly what I described: printing more fiat, making sure there is no competition to it and limiting interest rates to avoid rapid devaluation.
Don't waste your time trying to change the beast. There's no need in Central Bank in a similar way how there is no need for the monopoly on violence.
@_date: 2019-01-10 02:42:22
I don't care what goal is advertised as a justification for theft, I'm against theft. I suggest you be too.
Also, while we are at it, why do you think that deflation is bad?
@_date: 2018-02-08 03:05:19
This is a public board for interacting with others, not a private diary. I think it is safe to assume everyone using it has intention to impact the others and/or get their feedback on something. Yourself included.
@_date: 2019-01-08 21:07:22


US Government debt.
@_date: 2019-01-10 02:44:31
@_date: 2019-01-20 07:18:15
UBI (as opposed to charity) means robbing people. I'm against robbing people, and I have plenty of evidence to think it doesn't work long-term. If you rob productive people they stop working or move away.
@_date: 2019-01-23 23:12:06
"The problem" in this case is two-fold:
 - Of course the miner that has sort-of found the block but did not actually found one. The mining power is "wasted" in the same sense as all mining power is wasted (beside one lucky hash that mines the block).
 - All participants that have processed the orphan block (potentially a large portion of the network, or even all of it) have to do what is called *chain re-org*, a recalculation of their own view of the state. This is not particularly bad, but yes that's some extra work for our tired computers.
And of course in the extreme state this can lead to double-spend attack, where someone acts on the receipt of the funds, only to have the chain re-org later.
EDIT: Yes, in case of Bitcoin there's also the issue of centralization, where the above dynamics favor physical proximity to large mining capacity. If you have 1-2 second advantage on the competitors this can make impact on your profits.
@_date: 2018-03-19 21:12:53
I admit to stopping after reading a couple of sentences and diagonally skimming some more, for I perceived the text to be a suggestion of how Central Bank might change its behavior in order to benefit the population. This entire premise to me seems similar to making suggestions on how a bear can change it's behavior to benefit salmon - in our case, coming from salmon. I mean you have the best ideas, and bear laughs at you.


This "abstraction" puts a lot of people to jail for victimless crimes, steals insane amounts of wealth and destroys the environment like there's no tomorrow.
The state is an idea that there needs to be a monopoly on violence (services of defense of self and property). This is a very bad idea, very very bad idea. I think I have some better ideas, but first let's dispel the fog and the lies of the state.
@_date: 2018-03-02 20:52:42


My view of ideas that result in needless deaths of millions of people is indeed negative. How many of people in your country are currently in prison for "victimless crimes"? How many broken lives, prison rape, sheer horror and misery? How many die or are disfigured due to monopoly in healthcare that makes it unaffordable?


National security from whom? Other states? How comes there are tiny rich countries without armies?


Can you bring an example? If you are in US I'm sure you feel very defended against Vietnam and Afghan farmers.


Aha! Now we are talking. I assure you I'm a weak wimpy person who doesn't want to be repelling roving gangs from his doorstep. I think I have a great suggestion that will provide what both of us need and want without the insane cost of the monopolistic state.
For starters, can you roughly outline what kind of laws you personally think are beneficial?


Do you have a specific place without state in mind? There aren't many around AFAIK.


You are getting sick and tired of it while hopefully not in jail or in the army or in forced labor etc. Lets avert the next disaster by planning and coordinating ahead of time.
tl/dr: tell me what societal protections you care about and I'll do my best to suggest how this can be better implemented without monopoly on violence.
@_date: 2018-02-08 02:54:56
Doing the good talk, but man, please do me a favor and learn how to do that first. The better we the first ancaps are at promoting our ideas, the sooner we will see the results.
Just inflammatory remarks won't get you far, make people think how the roads and the firefighters can be funded without the state, yada yada.
In the end, we will win.
@_date: 2019-01-07 02:36:26
What would be the signs of adoption, for you personally?
@_date: 2019-01-23 23:02:15
All full nodes get all transactions. Every full node broadcasts all transactions, by default. Some full nodes are also miners.
Each miner has it's own mempool (queue of all waiting transactions). Miner can put any of these transactions into the block, or none at all, this is up to the miner. Normally it is preferrable for the miner to include transactions with the highest satoshi-per-byte price to maximize own revenue.
A transaction can sit in the mempool for long time, potentially days, and it can even expire (never get included). If miner detects that a new block that was mined has transaction that invalidates any of the transactions in the mempool, the mined block gets precedence and transaction in the mempool gets dropped.
@_date: 2019-01-10 21:14:01
sudo hal open door
@_date: 2019-01-07 22:09:39
No middleman visible to you as a payer, or no middleman at all? If it is the former (you pay with crypto over the counter and don't care what happens next), sounds reasonable. If it is the latter, I'd say it's a very tall order, since that means the company keeps its reserves in crypto and runs its books in crypto, which me might not see in decades to come.
@_date: 2019-01-13 01:31:04


The state is the most powerful institution. It can close and fine the banks at will, as well as impose any rules.
Nothing threatens the good old custody services and (somewhat) low-risk investment via fixed rate deposits. Banks don't care what currency to work with, actually the more the merrier - the more complex the system, the more fees they can extract. Good for them.
Public crypto potentially threatens central banks, which are banks in name only.
@_date: 2019-01-20 07:16:55


UBI means that you have the option for not working, while still consuming. Can you elaborate who will be producing the stuff that you are expecting to consume, and why will they give it to you in form of UBI?


This will not happen since humans can outbreed any productive capacity. 95% of jobs (agriculture) were eliminated since 1900. Does it feel like we are any closer to that no-job situation.
Bonus comment: "everything automated" is a way to make you stop thinking, a way to make you cast aside real economic calculations. It's like one person is discussing how to build a bridge, and the second person saying "well, in space there's no gravity so your physics are irrelevant".


True. Violence doesn't work. If you rob the productive people they will stop working or move away.
@_date: 2019-01-13 01:33:49
Concerted opposition + competition from the states is the only option I consider viable.
Not talking about competition from other public cryptos of course, you never know about that, and I don't think most people care.
@_date: 2019-01-07 22:06:42
Yes, the BTC you withdraw from such exchange is obviously not anonymized as it can be traced back to the exchange and thus to your account.
@_date: 2018-03-19 19:07:09
Honest feedback: you are delusional if you think that a) Central Bank exists for any other purpose than to enrich the politically connected elite to the detriment of enslaved population b) Central Bank can afford currency with limited emission.
Yes, they will fight crypto for some time, then they will compete by emitting their own crypto (with unlimited emission), then they will loose. Let's speed this up!
@_date: 2018-11-02 00:18:48
I wouldn't take it upon myself to start guessing interest rates in radically different economy (nothing wrong with you doing that though), but I agree that most loan classes would see lower rates and some might disappear altogether.
@_date: 2018-02-08 03:19:43
(My previous comment was targeted at the op and not at you, a mix-up there).
@_date: 2019-01-09 06:33:40
I was about to thank you for educating me, but then I went to read the article and saw that my original point is correct, and your claim "US national debt includes everything, not just government debt. Your mortgage, student loans, car loans, credit cards, etc are included." is not correct.
@_date: 2016-09-20 19:29:12


This is a tricky claim, and I don't think it is provable. Fact: you can pay for goods and services in Bitcoin. What the receiving side will do with it, well, we can't really know and not necessarily care. We can show that historically most bitcoin was converted to fiat, but will it hold in the future? What is the percentage that gets converted, did it change over recent years?


I believe first BTC use was prior to first exchanges existing (too lazy to go research it now, see the infamous pizza etc). Also, with fiat exchanges, it is just private people willing to buy bitcoin. I think your entire point "bitcoin is only valuable in presence of state-issued fiat" is invalid.


Does this mean some spending is not wasteful? Can you please bring an example?


Money issuer in what system? Private money, coercive state, gold minter, inventor of a new public blockchain? I can't make sense of this claim without a context.
@_date: 2018-03-02 21:52:49
Great reply, thanks, I was getting ready to get some negativity back =) Go Canada!
Sorry no time for elaborate reply so I'll be brief.
Yes, checked stats on incarceration in Canada, not that bad at all.


Sorry no time to look for stats but that's likely completely untrue. I highly highly highly recommend you listen to this:  (23 minutes and worth every second of your time). This is also quite old, things have gotten worse in Canada since then.


No need for monopoly on violence to protect against diseases. Everyone wants to be healthy, no one needs to be forced. We can discuss edge cases if you care. And you do not need "an army of the bigger country" to protect someone from diseases.


That's a weird way of phrasing "STOP FUCKING INVADING AND KILLING EVERYONE AMERICA".
So against whom is Canada's military is protecting you? Reminder that "terrorism" is entirely state-sponsored, and farmers don't attack nations on other continents? Sorry to be so anal about this issue, but we must face the reality that your only enemies are the state and perhaps an infinitesimally small number of local people who are criminally minded and very disjointed.


I'm sure you don't want to personally deal with people aiming to take your private property. That's why we need to unite in big cohesive groups with great rules and well-aligned incentives. One relatively shitty way to go about it is the state (democratic or otherwise). A better way might be based on non-monopoly of these kinds of services.


Right there, in the beginning: "freedom of thought, belief, opinion and expression, including freedom of the press and other media of communication" - 
This is just to illustrate the point that the state always grows and there to the best of my knowledge has not been a successful attempt at preventing it from growing.
When I was asking about what societal protections you care about, I was aiming to get something that I think everyone actually cares about: defense against violence and protection of property rights. The rest is statist bullshit.


These two things are internal, no societal structure including the most oppressive regimes can forbid that.


Illustrated above. Also Canada is getting notorious for other limitations of free speech. On a practical level, by "being able to say what you want" you probably mean "... and not be prosecuted for my words by the state". No state - no problem =)


No time to dive deep now, but there's that issue with growing food that you need to be sure that you are eligible for the fruits in order to plant. Same for building houses and other things. Aka private property. Not sure how the above formulation relates to private property. In no way I intend to make you defend yours, but please consider the terms of violence and property, they are awesome I'm telling ya.
:-* (fuck that's not brief at all)
@_date: 2017-09-05 05:36:39


Um, no. M0 supply is being inflated like crazy by CB:  What you are talking about is M1, which is even greater of course, but it's the M0 that is the cause of inflation and not M1.


I'd argue that in the limits of what you described (you did not mention the Fed and state controls over banks) the fiat system is both honest and transparent. Please don't get me wrong, check my comment history to see how involved/obsessed I'm with crypto, but if you want to help adoption you better learn how to talk about it. So "everyone understands the dynamics of how the money system works" needs to include yourself, first and foremost. I'm not saying this in an offensive or inflammatory way, I just really really care.


Sorry to hear that.


Well the thing is they allowed for the purchase of the house in the first place, regardless of where they got the funds. Without someone lending you the entire sum upfront, you would not be able to buy a house, so they provided a service which you have voluntarily paid for. I'm not shitting on your parade here, and I'm super sorry for your misfortune, but lets be just all the way.


So lets talk about why is such a behavior possible in the first place. If you know how stuff works you can convince other people, which is where we want to be.
First factor: the Fed is inflating USD supply. I hate it, it makes savings impossible, taxes the prudent, puts money in the hands of very very bad people, forces consumerism down everyone's throat and causes waste and pollution like there is no tomorrow. Bitcoin protects against this by being a currency with limited supply. Go go crypto!
Second factor (pay attention, that's for you): the ability of banks to engage in fractional reserve banking, which in itself is nothing bad, was historically limited by "bank runs" - when too many customers have a doubt in bank's solvency they can just go and withdraw the money. Thus banks engaged in practices like prudent lending, vault audits and elaborate deposit contracts with longer terms and more interested - contractually preventing bank runs and incentivizing customers to hold money in bank and not in a safe.
Enter our darling the state. The state made up this wonderful thing the FDIC, which is "insurance" in name only, for the state does not have any particular reserves to pay out of in event of bank run (state is permanently bankrupt itself) and will print the money if need be. The very presence of FDIC makes bank runs nonexistent (no reason to hurry and get your savings if the state will bail you out anyway) and thus allows banks to engage in unhinged fractional reserve banking.
If the banks were holding hard currency (like Bitcoin) their ability to inflate M1 money supply would be severely limited by natural economics. But there's the state, so it's not.
Hope that helps, and lets spread the word further!
@_date: 2018-02-24 01:09:52
I absolutely agree that the US has had it's go at destroying societies all around the world in 20th century, yes and yes again.
But in this particular case blaming it on US is severely detracting from any kind of useful message people can learn from the situation: violence is bad, private property is good. It's not the US that has done the damage to Venezuela, it's the statism. A decade of staist propaganda in previous years resulted in an inevitable collapse. Use violence, approve of violence against others - enjoy seeing your children starve. It's not an outside aggression, it's an inside job.
@_date: 2019-01-09 00:31:19
There's this organization called Amazon. This organization (lets say) owes some money. There are clear and identifiable ways to trace this debt to specific people and property. While Amazon is a huge part of US, we cannot reasonably call Amazon debt national debt.
There's this organization called the US Government, aka the state. This organization owns some assets and carries certain debt. Same logic that applies to Amazon applies to the state as well - it is just one organization, whatever debt it carries cannot apply to the nation.
Also it is important to dispel this shitty field of verbal manipulation.
Public Schools -&gt; Government Schools
National Debt -&gt; Government Debt
Public Lands -&gt; Government Lands
etc etc etc
@_date: 2017-09-21 18:15:48
Just stopping here to remind everyone that spending BTC on Amazon is likely the easiest way to spend BTC: just use bitpay.com mobile wallet, it has instant Amazon gift code for arbitrary amount. As close as being integrated into Amazon as it gets. And yes it is anonymous as well.
@_date: 2018-03-19 22:31:44
Cmon, you can do that. What in my comment don't you agree with? 
You post here to get feedback from people, what I provide is a feedback, it is at least some indication about how other people might perceive your work. Certainly not "all" other people, but some, for I'm not alone. Forge your rhetoric in a flame of educated, polite debate (though I shouldn't have used "delusional" in my original comment, it's impolite and for that I sincerely apologize) so that you can go and convince many.
@_date: 2018-11-02 23:23:30
Stock (equity) market will still certainly exist and would be an option of course.
Lending and investment are different though.
Lending - you get a fixed percent over time and eventually your entire deposit is returned to you. The only risk is a risk of default - which still can be mitigated by collateralized loans and other means.
Investment: you get voting rights and you can potentially get dividend or sell the stock for more. Nothing is guaranteed and you can loose your entire investment without any recourse.
@_date: 2018-02-23 19:56:21
Reliable source for me (but not for you) - a friend tried to wire funds to Coinbase, spent 40 minutes on phone with his bank employees who repeatedly tried to persuade him not to invest in crypto. In the end seeing he is persistent they have approved the wire. Major US bank.
@_date: 2018-03-19 20:33:49
We call it the state - the organization that has the monopoly on violence in a region. Yes it is the police (one part of the state) that actually uses the violence against the population, but clearly without the guns of the police none of the other state apparatus could exist. For example you can not make decisions about zoning laws if there is not policeman to shoot you for breaking them.
Specifically in case of Central Bank, no person in their right mind would hold fiat voluntarily - why keep savings in something that someone can - and does - arbitrarily print in huge quantities? People only use and hold USD due to living under threat of violence.
@_date: 2017-09-11 18:20:07
Because fiat money (USD, CNY, EUR) is being printed like there's no tomorrow. Please click on MAX to see what has been happening recently: 
@_date: 2018-03-02 00:37:47
The Fed is absolutely not a private bank: 
The only reason you might think the Fed is private bank is due to conspiracy theory videos or state propaganda. The Fed is a regular Central Bank just like any other, and is just a branch of the government.
Again, specifically, it's management is directly appointed by the government, the state enforces its policies and all it does is basically bankroll the state.
@_date: 2017-09-18 18:21:26
Five reasons that are all bullshit.
The main real reason - public cryptos with limited emission threaten to take away a major source of state financing: inflation of currency supply. Next significant reason: loss of control over money movement, crypto is hard to confiscate.
@_date: 2018-02-08 02:59:27
That wasn't a metaphor, just a figure of speech, as in "getting stuff done" or "achieving the goal". I bet the reaction you got in comments here doesn't make you very happy or optimistic about your/our future.
@_date: 2017-10-22 10:34:11
The notion of legal tender is very important in any country where it exists (likely any country that matters). First, you are required to pay taxes in local currency, most importantly real estate taxes. If you don't pay real estate taxes your real estate is confiscated by the state, and if you resit eviction the violence is applied against you. Second, institutions operating withing law - notably food stores - are required by the state to only accept legal tender. If a store owner accepts something else, violence will be applied against him - first in a form of fines (in local currency), if he refuses then in direct form of jailing, if he resists - deadly force.
Does this make sense?
@_date: 2018-03-02 20:41:44
Here's my claim: no matter what the goal, be it strictly personal enrichment or improvement of lives of others, it's the method that you use or support that matters. Specifically I draw the line at violence and property rights: if whatever you do or support includes threatening people with violence you will never get the desired effect.
If you think that robbing one and giving to the other will improve the live of the other, you are necessarily wrong and long term will only reduce the quality of life for everyone.
PS. Violence is justified in defense against violence and in defense of private property.
@_date: 2017-10-28 08:34:24


Why do you think this is the case?


They might try. Stealing via inflation is met with less resistance.


Do you mind if I personally use deflationary (or disinflationary) crypto? If you do, why?
@_date: 2017-09-17 08:10:16
Utterly, fundamentally incorrect.
It doesn't matter how much does mining cost.
It matters that no one can create more than a certain agreed-upon and well-known schedule dictates.
@_date: 2017-09-20 00:29:21
Savings being voluntary behavior? Ie you need a state to make saving impossible, and this somehow benefits the "economy"? What about the people, what benefits the people?
@_date: 2017-10-29 07:58:25
Not sure what you mean here. King must pay his army. War, as in attacking other nation, is extremely costly and extremely unprofitable. If you can't (however briefly) rob the population by debasing currency, funding the war might be outright impossible.
@_date: 2018-03-01 22:56:18
Reminder - it's not the bank, it's the state. The bank wants none of this PR and bureaucracy nightmare, they are forced by the state.
@_date: 2017-10-29 08:10:58


This is an interesting way of saying "people stop buying things they don't need". Yes, there might be short-term change, but long-term money hoarded will still be spent. If a person knows their savings are not loosing value rapidly they will make different spending decisions, but they'll still spend.


I see sudden crises and collapses as mostly an effect of... money printing by the state :) Or other related changes in monetary policy, such as abrupt stops in money printing.


You mean RISKY investments. If you are investing something non-inflatable, like lets sat BTC, you will certainly have way less appetite for risk. That's how solid long-term growth is achieved. Did I mention crises are an effect of monetary policy?
If you say "Many people will have zero risk tolerance and thus not invest all" you are right, but that will only make money of people who do invest go extra mile due to deflation of available supply.


The bailout was done via money printing (see M0 supply). How do you suspect the state will do the bailout if they can't print?


Only where free or relatively free market reigns. Note that under current monetary policy insanity margins of many major businesses (Netflix, Tesla, Uber etc) are negative - people are investing in absolutely anything to avoid inflation. That's a hot potato that's getting hotter every month. And some time in near future it will drop. That's how "monetary policy" creates crices.
Now the real question is: who benefits from you holding the opinion that money printing is beneficial? Is this the same organization that funded/controlled your education? Is this the same power that controls the (pre-Internet) media? Juuuust saying...
@_date: 2018-03-26 23:47:08
Ancap suggestion is that "organization to disallow theft" would not be a monopoly, that's about it.
The "Anarcho" part is to specify that there is no state. Doesn't say anything about voluntary hierarchies.
The "Capitalism" part is to specify that there is private property.
Private property can be enforced by a single individual and not an organization, or by competing organizations.
I see no contradictions there.
@_date: 2017-10-07 20:17:55
Before commenting look at his post history.
This is very interesting.
@_date: 2017-10-25 18:28:55
SOMEONE GIVE THIS PATRIOT A SATOSHI!
THE CRYPTO TRAIN JUST GOT 1000MPH FASTER!!!
@_date: 2017-09-11 00:08:19


If we just compare different taxes, Israel would seem quite bad. There are countries with more opportunities. Smart individual learns what makes the place more livable and moves if he can. Right now it seems that the size of state relative to economy is one of the primary factors.


Yeah, that's why we use reason and evidence and not ideology. Help whom you can, spread the good word, but most importantly act yourself. One other tactic would be to see who is spreading the ideology and who benefits from it.


I do not know to what extent is the insurance regulated by the state in Israel, knowing how things go you are probably right. My point was - insurance as a business and actuary as a profession will not be eliminated by blockchain or stateless society. You can automate payouts and collections, but you can't automate the statistics and the sales.


I do not immediately see how this can be done, and what does it bring in terms of efficiency previously unachievable by centralized solutions. Intuition is telling me that this alone will not significantly eat into existing insurance market - I'm totally guessing here. I'm not interested in discussing it further, simply due to how limited my knowledge of insurance is. We'll see how things develop :)


Fractional reserve is absolutely great, has always existed and will always exist. Fractional reserve is "naturally regulated" via bank runs. If we want to point out important things that would be the state "insurance" of deposits and the bank bailouts. Eliminate the risk of bank run and you can get away with as much virtual money as you want.


PR and buzzwords are all there is in this world. Entrepreneurship is a risk, investment is a risk. Incompetent investor looses their money. You genuinely want to make the world a better place, but this is not a good argument you are bringing forth. That's why strong grasp of morals is essential, it lets you consistently make universally convincing points. Violence is bad, private property is good.


That's a horrible point to make. Anyone speaking on behalf of "economy", "people" or "society" is necessarily an evil fraud. You would be way better off pointing at whose specific resources are being sucked up and for whom specifically it is bad.
Example: by printing more money the state punishes the frugal and the savers, makes saving for retirement hard or impossible, impoverishes the low-income people for whom other instruments of saving are out of reach. By allowing artificially cheap credit the state moves the capital into finance sector, since it is relatively way more profitable to deal with constant riskless redistribution of other people's money rather than create valuable services.


Has certainly nothing to do with banks or the state. Investment, pooling of capital is essential to economy, it is a basic human activity. I'd say the current craze is enabled by long-pent-up pressure of being made impossible or very hard by the state (IPOs and other ways of raising capital are all regulated).


You call it a shitcoin, I call it a retirement plan :) To answer your question: some of them, maybe under 1%, would indeed result in an innovative product that would bring value to customers and investors. The other 99% is a) all voluntary transactions b) redistributes money from the unskilled to the skilled.


Amen. I also have a problem with violence in general, so a state seems like a very bad idea.
@_date: 2018-07-22 20:58:42
As to your list of possible reasons to be on r/bitcoin without supporting the idea of crypto: I frequently visit subs that I vehemently disagree with (r/politics, r/LateStageCapitalism and other statist stuff). None of the three reasons you stated apply to me - I just want to be exposed to the arguments of the other side to make sure I'm not missing anything and to be able to debate them better. Of course we don't know whether someone gets paid for spreading opinion on Reddit, so I'm not sure how we can resolve our disagreement here.


Oh, I'm very curious, which ones? I'm always looking to improve my rhetoric.


Can you kindly clarify what spectrum are we talking about, and what what side do you perceive me to be on?
@_date: 2017-10-29 20:57:33
Quite the contrary, I work hard to make my claims short and concise.
As far as I'm considered, you can use anything you want for money. If I want to use crypto with limited emission, do you support violence against me?
@_date: 2018-07-22 21:19:04
You have probably misread usernames or something. I'm a staunch supporter of crypto and oppose state and "monetary policies". So yeah, high-five!
I was just making a point that we still need to be good at arguing our position and not just calling people shills.
@_date: 2017-09-10 20:47:20
Great question!
1. Israel is quite socialist, with problems seemingly not (easily) solvable without violence. You can't explain to most people that the state is their enemy and not arabs. Don't stay there, run. If you have a way to get out, get out.
2. Law firms and accountants are mostly people's solutions to the problem of the state (how much of the law firm's workload is generated in private arbitration? My guess is under 1%). Insurance is great and probably unrelated to the state. Financial services also have to do a lot with the state. My point is - it is not the lack of technology that creates these jobs, but a presence of state violence.
3. Actuaries and bankers would still be useful - bank is not only holding your money, the major function is lending. Lending is great and necessary with or without state, with or without blockchain. Insurance is also incredibly necessary, as I mention above, so these people will not go anywhere.
4. Real estate prices have to do with two things: mortgage rates and money issuance. Both are in the hands of the state: state guarantees mortgages (commercial banks do not hold the risk and act only as intermediaries) and state prints the money. Everyone knows that holding shekels is stupid due to inflation ( - press on MAX), so people borrow and buy real estate. Prices go up, taxes go up, wages do not grow at the same speed. (Price inflation is delayed with regards to money supply inflation).
5. Public cryptocurrencies with limited emission, with Bitcoin being one of them, have a chance of removing control over money supply from the hands of the state, thus reducing its power. The inefficiencies you see (I wonder why you didn't mention huge portion of Israeli population not working at all...) are due to state violence. Bitcoin can reduce state violence.
@_date: 2017-10-26 01:32:41
Not the OP but for me the big deal would be that if you don't pay you get physically assaulted. I hate when people I don't know touch me and shoot at me. That's the big deal.
@_date: 2018-07-29 21:27:46
You have to specify by what metric - market cap, daily volume, number of nodes, number of transactions, transacted volume, press mentions, Google searches, number of points of sale or ATMs, or some other metric.
@_date: 2017-10-23 04:35:16
Yes, taxation might still be feasible under public crypto with limited emission. I was only making it clear how specifically violence relates to fiat. "Not using dollars" is not a viable option.
While taxation might still be feasible, at least the hidden (and very destructive) theft of inflation will not be, so there's that.
Additionally, my thesis and my hope is that eliminating control over emission of money from the hands of the state might mean severe reduction or elimination of the state, which right now is my goal. No state - no taxes, yippie!
@_date: 2017-10-20 08:50:37
In theory, nothing prevents anyone from randomly stumbling over your particular private key (and for the nitpickers, before I get downvoted, yes, that can be any other private key that hashes to same public key). In practice, that is very unlikely. By "very" I mean seriously, very very unlikely. There exist a project called "large bitcoin collider" that does just that, go look it up if curious.
IIRC if bitcoin address space were a chess board with 1-inch squares, it would stretch beyond the nearest galaxy. Now toss a coin at it, see if you hit any address with a balance.
@_date: 2018-07-22 07:47:27
 for example
Specifically I'm referring to the practice of all states to forbid the use of any currency that is not produced and controlled by the state. Currently that is not true only in failed or near-failed states that can't control the market anymore and a foreign currency (usually dollars or Euro) gets used by the population.
@_date: 2017-10-28 08:32:44
I'm in crypto because I want to decrease the power of the state and to make any meaningful large-scale war impossible.
According to my research, historically no wars (except colonization which is different) were fought without fiat / debasement.
@_date: 2018-07-30 20:36:44
What do you find incorrect about this post and what do you find embarrassing? I'm not the op, just asking.
@_date: 2018-07-22 06:00:17
**Public cryptocurrency with limited emission is solving the problem of arbitrary creation of fiat money by people who are not me**, while satisfying all other properties of money.
@_date: 2018-07-25 00:18:14
No state - no revolution ;) Just saying. (You are asking the right questions though, keep at it).
"Financial stimulus" is just a nice name for theft by the state. Yes, it is much harder to steal without fiat.
If the state is already at point of fiscal collapse, it might engage in money-printing - while there are people that still believe in the value of money, such activity will continue for a while - but in the end the state will have to radically change or collapse, in what you have called civil war or revolution.
So the answer to your question: civil war and revolution will happen anyway, but without the extra half a decade added by state robbing savers they will likely be far less destructive (I can elaborate why).
And of course no state - no worries.
@_date: 2018-07-29 21:10:54
I'd give you gold if I knew how. You are the best (and I'm not even OP).
@_date: 2018-07-22 05:58:14
OK, if you like the Fed you are welcome to use USD. Are you OK with me using some other currencies? I personally prefer to use something that can not be arbitrarily created in unlimited quantity.
@_date: 2018-07-22 08:47:56
Are you not fed up with the entire Reddit going "You disagree? Must be paid shill!" This is an emotional cop-out and doesn't convince either the person you are debating with or casual onlookers. Consider responding to people's arguments and not attacking them personally / dismissing their opinions based on real, or as in this case I'm sure imaginary facts about their biography or motives.
Now where do these people come from and why do they attack crypto/support banks? At the very least we know that academia is controlled by the state. The entire joke people call "economic science" nowadays is barely more than pro-state propaganda, endless justification of violence.
We will be reasonable, and we will be nice, and we will be educated, and we will be convincing, and hopefully we can get this misunderstanding resolved by words and not by bullets. So kindly do me a favor and get good at debating :)
@_date: 2017-10-08 23:40:58


I have no clue what that means, but that sounds deeply illegal. Please don't store equation solutions where your family or friends can finds them.
@_date: 2018-07-31 00:45:15


This is super exciting subject and I'm not sure I want to branch here, but in your eyes, how exactly does "ok this particular virtual database plus some set of paper notes is no longer as popular as it used to be" translate into "this factory is now useless, I'm not coming to work anymore"? I'm not even implying you need to have a specific answer, just pointing out an exciting subject.


The good thing is that I personally can abstract all of this complexity away when deciding how to hold my savings. Is someone for whatever reason arbitrarily creating this thing that I work hard to accumulate? I think I'm going to get rid of it in favor of something else.


Not necessarily in the future, but certainly true so far. I see no reason for this trend to end. I believe average lifespan of fiat is around 27 years, but that is tricky due to many currencies not starting as fiat and only becoming fiat at some point later in their existence. So yes, empirically and logically speaking all fiat dies, it is upon us to be smart and to be ready.


Whoa. I'm unaware of such discoveries. I'm quite certain (but open to evidence to the contrary) that it is always the state that can't support welfare/war or both removes the gold standard to go on a spending binge. There's no "we discovered", it's just a failing state briefly prolonging it's (usually evil) existence by robbing the savers and the gullible.


Again, I don't think anyone with any degree of economic knowledge can "trust" fiat (this is not intended to sound like a jab at you or anyone). It's being printed, holding it long term is not economically viable if you have other options.


Aha, demand is interesting indeed. I'd say there's a huge demand for money, money is incredibly useful tool. The question is - why do people use fiat and not some non-inflationary currency? What do you think?


I agree with that. Let me state how I see this: money in general is something people really need (like, say, showels or bullets) and crypto is just one form of money.
@_date: 2017-10-20 08:14:55
The wallet is a public address, while there exists a private key that would allow the funds to be moved FROM that address.
You can enter the public address into the blockchain explorer and see the balance - the balance would be read from the blockchain, that is stored (replicated) on all full nodes.
Your wallet being "cold" means that the private key never appeared on an internet-connected device. The public key is obviously not a secret, since you gave it to someone who moved funds to it.
Hope that makes it clear. Feel free to ask more questions.
@_date: 2017-10-22 00:38:56
Yes, absolutely, from an outside view yes. Let's just be more specific what will make them an outside viewer: they can not print the currency, and they are also not at a threat of violence to be using it.
Now lets break it down in exemplary case of inhabitants of New Zealand: everyone benefiting from money printing would include the state employees and the industry that helps people avoid the damaging effects of fiat emission, most notably real estate agents and financial sector. Everyone not in the above groups would be the victim.
However as we know modern first-world poor have objectively better lives than medieval royalty, so even the current beneficiaries are harming themselves in the long run, as the state always grows and always collapses.
@_date: 2018-02-23 20:14:05
Where the fuck are you guys coming from? Venezuela threads today are full of "because of the US" garbage.
NO ITS THE STATE. Violence against citizens by the state. You start attacking "the rich" to give to "the poor", which in practice means attacking the productive to give to the unproductive, **productive people leave**. If making stuff is not profitable, no one is making stuff anymore, and there is very little stuff as a consequence.
FFS statists.
@_date: 2017-10-21 22:29:12
I'll say what u/phatey said but in more accessible form.
My ideal currency would be the one which I (me personally) can print and everyone would use.
My second preference would be the one no one can print &lt;- we are here.
My least preferred is the one that someone else can print, and I have to hold due to the threat of violence &lt;- this is fiat.
Out of all cryptos we will see which ones win long-term and what their emissions are, but I highly doubt the winner will have unlimited centralized emission.
@_date: 2018-07-22 21:16:17
What an amazing idea it was to call Central Bank a "Bank", so now people can just say "banks" and "bankers" and stay lost in their ignorance.
Commercial banks certainly don't care about crypto as much as many starry-eyed people here tend to think.
Central banks - hell yeah, they care.
@_date: 2018-07-22 06:48:03


I don't accept violence as viable strategy (outside of defense against violence and defense of property). No one would hold USD if it wasn't enforced with state violence. Specifically for that incident you mention, is your claim that the Fed has "fixed" it, without causing it in the first place?


Whatever their reasoning is, their only tool is violence and theft. I do not respect that, and I will do all in my power to fight that. No one would use USD (or any fiat) voluntarily. Banks would set their interest rates and margin requirements based on market conditions and not under the barrel of a gun. Fuck that. Let people do what they want (outside of violence and breach of property rights) and we will all be better off.
@_date: 2018-07-22 07:45:07
To the very best of my knowledge no one can create more bitcoins, ethers and so on (or gold, for that matter).
Note that I don't mind people using whatever money they like. I do mind if usage of some monetary instrument is forbidden via the use of force.
@_date: 2018-07-31 00:49:34


Yes, absolutely, I'd pay people in whatever they are willing to accept. The question is what do I chose to store my wealth in, what do I chose to save? For me personally it seems that saving something that others can just create is not the best solution for me.
@_date: 2018-07-30 23:04:07


Do you personally trust USD? What properties do you think it will hold and for what time? I have to ask since I find "trusting USD" to be the opposite of true for me, we all know it's being created like there's no tomorrow (see M1 supply) and we all know all fiat currencies sooner or later disappear in a fire of hyperinflation.
As for the OP, I think it is a playful discussion of the idea "Huh, maybe currencies backed by something have an advantage over those not backed by anything?" for a generation that didn't see gold standard. I'm very aware that crypto is not backed by anything btw.
@_date: 2018-07-02 22:44:41
**WHAT NEXT YOU WILL WANT TO CHANGE, BLOCKSIZE? OR TOTAL CAP?**
Grumble grumble grumble young people nowadays...
@_date: 2016-10-01 08:20:15
You go you!
"Deflationary currency is bad for economy" is not only wrong. At the very heart of this argument lies "...so it is OK to use violence to prevent people from saving money". It is justifying violence (and/or breach of property rights) and thus is evil. It is glorifying the rule of violent monopoly (state), and thus is evil. It does not take into account the costs of enforcing fiat, and thus is unusable.
Keep on saving, keep on investing. Spread the word.
@_date: 2018-04-23 19:40:40
That's not an example.
Also, what is "highly concentrated private power"? Private as opposed to what? Highly concentrated as opposed to what?
Since you took your time to reply, you probably care about the subject. If the issue is so big and prevalent, surely you can come with an actual example of banks or corporations controlling the economy?
@_date: 2016-10-01 19:44:11
The question is how people are trying to save, how this is taxed, and how violence is used in each case. Let me talk about several cases that come to mind:
1. The most obvious (and, in everyone's dreams, a most convenient) way would be saving in fiat. This is being heavily taxed by money printing (diluting value of savings). Please google for m1 supply America for a very convincing graph.
2. Well then the second way would be to save in something that can not be arbitrarily produced, i.e. gold. This is being taxed in various forms, most notably prohibitions of keeping gold ( regulation on sale of gold, and of course taxation of sale. These all require violence to enforce, i.e. if you sell me gold and you don't pay taxes you will be physically assaulted.
3. The above holds for all means of conveniently storing wealth. If you can bring counter examples, please do so asap and if I'm convinced I'll gladly tip you.
4. We can mention real estate specifically since it is quite different from other forms of property. One must pay taxes on transactions in real estate, transactions are heavily regulated, and property taxes exist. Since the taxes on real estate in US are not as severe, we are enjoying price bubbles.
I'd be glad to discuss it further.
@_date: 2016-10-05 18:08:18
Great article! "There's no government like no government", wow, I like that :)
@_date: 2018-04-12 22:44:51
"Manipulation" is one of these morally charged but meaningless words (same as greed, coward etc). "Manipulation" is what someone says when they have no argument but still want to appear morally superior.
If you hear someone say "manipulation" make a mental remark that the person is likely not worth listening to and move on.
Also what u/chocolatesouffle3 said.
EDIT: Note it might have somewhat legitimate uses in a specific cases like price manipulation by the exchange, particularly in the context of future exchanges or retail Forex brokers.
@_date: 2016-10-17 18:39:55
If you are in a legitimate situation and have a bank account, you probably want kraken.com (supports bank wires, insignificant fees). Note that for the kind of volumes that you mention, the bank will report you to IRS, who might take interest in you.
If you want cash and anonymity, you probably want localbitcoins.com or the marketplace that is included in Mycelium.
Another way to spend this BTC would be to use some of the numerous credit card options - some are anomymous (
@_date: 2016-10-02 07:49:25
Fiat money is necessary for industrial development? I do not think this is correct, lets look at industrialization of Europe and USA during the gold standard years.
The whole notion of there not being enough underlying commodity (gold/silver) for use in economy... Where the hell did they get that, and how can they imagine that? Also, why did they try to "prove" it with exactly the opposite example (silver during opium wars)? Later they give another example when inflation was bad (Europe during early days of American colonization).
And then the war... So, inability to finance the war without fiat money (something I believe is correct) is somehow a good reason for fiat money to exist? WTF???
This is not just wrong. This is evil. Also, what is this evil thing doing on bitcoin subreddit?
@_date: 2018-04-23 05:52:55


**Central bank is not a bank**. Central bank is the state. The government has done this, not "banks".


Some people whom you have no control over, who don't have your interests in mind borrow money probably to spend it on something you don't agree on **and you call it your debt**. It's not your debt, it's the state debt.


Interesting, are they owned by the state by any chance? If they are indeed private, what prevents competition from emerging? Can anyone build a generation plant and start selling to the network or to industrial consumers directly, and if not why not?
@_date: 2016-10-17 20:49:12
I'm only familiar with a single way of transacting in bitcoins, so I'm not sure I understand your question. But just in case let me elaborate on the process:
 - On Kraken, after you pass the verification step that allows you to deposit crypto, you have to create a new deposit address for bitcoin (funding-&gt;bitcoin-&gt;deposit-&gt;new address).
 - On Coinbase you withdraw your bitcoin to the address you created on Kraken. Make sure you NEVER type in the address - typos are inevitable! Use copy-paste. Also it is a good idea to send a tiny amount initially and see whether it goes through and how long does it take.
Again, do not discount the IRS. At the very minimum try to keep all the sources of your bitcoin documented, so that they can't do "zero cost basis" on you. Don't think you can withdraw $100K to your bank account in a month and nothing will happen. Evil exists in this world, and we have to be careful.
@_date: 2018-04-07 07:51:16
While you are in general right, lets not forget about one very, very critical aspect:
A huge factor in the price of bitcoin is the way the state treats it. I.e. no matter how popular bitcoin gets, outright ban would harm the price enormously.
Having active futures market in the US (and ETF via that, whatever) aligns interests of some very powerful people (at least the owners of CME/CBOE/NYSE) with the success of bitcoin.
I.e. while cash-settled futures might be bad for some assets (gold) it is not necessary that simple with a unique asset that still might face regulatory threat.
@_date: 2016-10-17 20:43:11
If you are endeavoring to break the local law, you better be ready for it. Asking trivial questions on Reddit might not be the best start (not that there's anything wrong with that). I can not give you advice on breaking the law, and I have this gut feeling you probably should not do that - at least run the cost/benefit analysis first. Consider using localbitcoins or similar service first for some time to trade it personally.
@_date: 2018-04-16 19:17:22
Useless IMO, but I like the design. Boring in a good way. Where's the private key though, under the hologram?
@_date: 2018-04-15 19:44:58
The easiest way is via bitpay wallet - you don't need an account, just install an app and buy directly for any custom amount. Very convenient and has been around for a while.
@_date: 2016-10-25 19:10:30
I installed the app. It is beautiful and well made, I did not see any issues whatsoever. I'll be recommending it to the new users.
One thing that annoys me is inability to generate QR code with a sum to receive. Can devs, if they are reading this, please consider adding it?
@_date: 2016-10-28 18:55:01
Oh wow. That's an interesting idea. If a violent agent can be bribed, they can certainly be bribed to reduce the overall future capacity for violence. I like that.
@_date: 2016-10-27 18:36:19
Debit cards refillable with BTC: 
Exchanges like kraken.com, gemini.com (but to withdraw fiat you'll still have to wait a day, your bank is still slow)
@_date: 2016-10-13 19:09:15
 - I'm not aware on any significant fees on exchanges I use. Normally it is 0.3% or less traders fee, plus negligible withdraw fee.
 - ATM costs are 80% regulation (in US). Check out this amazing article for breakdon: 
 - ETF is obviously mostly regulation cost. Also, these have to be competitively priced, if regulation is preventing a new one from coming into existence there's no reason to reduce price below maximum owner profitability.
 - "if its the state doing it, theres somehow this invisible line that was just crossed and it now becomes morally unacceptable" - state uses violence, which is morally unacceptable. It is morally acceptable to charge as much as you want for the services you provide. It is morally unacceptable to shoot people if they engage in behavior you do not like (except for attacking and violation of private property). Hope that helps.
@_date: 2018-04-26 18:22:11










You have no clue what you are talking about.
@_date: 2016-10-17 18:59:19
1. Don't forget about mechanical part that accepts and/or dispenses cash.
2. Don't forget that the vast majority of expenses on ATM is not the purchase or operating costs but paying off state violence: 
@_date: 2018-04-13 19:03:29


I'd call it painting the tape or spoofing, which I don't see any problem with. "Manipulation" is just a generic way to say "someone is doing something that I don't like".
It might be OK to use the word in some cases - we are emotional, moral beings after all - but the incessant cries "the price is tanking due to manipulation!" are annoying and meaningless. This doesn't explain anything or predict anything, it is just some inefficient way to vent someone's anger while trying to blame some mysterious forces.
@_date: 2018-07-28 21:25:33
I think that in your case having a trusted person help you with it might be a good decision.
This being said:
There are two general ways to store bitcoin: "on-chain" and on an exchange. Approach to recovering coins in each of these cases will vary a lot.
On-chain: there are no "accounts", so nothing that anyone can be "locked out" of. That paper wallet thing - it refers to on-chain coins. If you can see public address on the paper wallet (you must), you can see how much money is stored there, without ever compromising security. You can use the private key on the wallet to move the funds to a different address.
Another important thing to look out for on-chain funds are "Seed Phrases": sequences of 12, 16 or 24 English words. If you locate anything resembling such phrase - bingo - you have found a wallet + the private key (google BIP39).
As for coins stored on exchanges: good luck with that. That is no different than bank accounts/emails/old forums accounts etc. Some might be closed forever, some might be recoverable, in some cases you might be able to contact site owners etc etc etc.
@_date: 2016-10-01 20:01:36
Reminder: consensus can not be used to judge correctness of any claims or laws.
@_date: 2017-05-26 21:09:07
Make sure you make a screenshot of the details, I've heard its not trivial to see them again once you close the page.
Now go to your bank's site and initiate a wire with these details. Don't forget to put the reference number in the "Special instructions" field.
NOTE: As per Kraken, name on your bank account must match name that you used when registering/verifying with Kraken.
@_date: 2016-10-29 18:55:54
@_date: 2016-10-13 18:56:50
Dude, you are good :)
@_date: 2018-04-23 05:35:19
Ancap  here.


Can you please bring an example of banks controlling the economy and corporations controlling the economy?
@_date: 2016-10-19 00:29:56
At every point of sale where dialogue is possible (a pub with no people in line behind me, signing up for a gym etc) "Hey by the way do you guys accept crypto, like bitcoin? I'd gladly pay in that.", listen to their response, smile, go on your way.
@_date: 2016-10-10 18:08:30
Stefan Molyneux
@_date: 2016-10-01 08:32:21
Yes, it is OK. Bitcoin - or, more generally, public cryptocurrencies with limited emission - is a revolutionary concept, likely to change the very foundations of society. It is fascinating both technically (the notion of consensus and how a value can be produced in a system consisting solely of competing bad players) and economically.
For inspiration and a big picture I'd recommend you to listen to Stefan Molyneux talking about bitcoin:
@_date: 2017-05-28 10:32:04
Do you mean you are not currently using them, or you won't use them no matter what for some reason?
Just to remind you their Android app is a nice simple wallet, with couple of added functions (Amazon checkout, debit card refill) that you really don't have to be using.
@_date: 2017-05-10 09:39:20
You do not have to contact your bank (for outgoing wires). You do not have to create any additional accounts. You verify with Kraken, then when you request deposit they provide you with details for your outgoing wire (from your bank). You go to your bank's site, fill in the details and pray everything goes well.
@_date: 2016-10-01 19:58:52
Interesting claim about tax being a product of consensus, and comparison of it to bitcoin.
1. Can consensus involving 1% of population be called a consensus of entire population, and be used as an argument in any capacity?
2. Can consensus between 99% of population be used to justify violence? I.e. it is somehow moral (or efficient) that the will of the majority allows violence against minority? If so, how big the majority has to be? Do you personally approve of that?
3. In bitcoin everything is strictly voluntary. I.e. the person interested in purchasing bitcoin knows about the fees, and person initiating the transaction knows about the fees (and perhaps more importantly, miners reward and value dilution). Person sitting in their house reading newspaper and not owning any bitcoin is not subjected to any violence as a result of miner's consensus.
I.e. my claims are: taxes are NOT a result of consensus in society, but are solely a function of state using violence.
Additionally, can you please bring an example of society without taxes where nobody wants to live?
@_date: 2016-10-09 21:34:26
1. Decide on how you are going to hold it once you get it. People call this "cold storage". At the very root of it is the idea that you need private key and you need to keep it secret, without loosing it. From the private key, public address is derived, and  you can send the coins to the public address.
2. Most (or all) services that allow fiat-&gt;BTC exchange require you to be of age, and upload some documents (this practice is called KYC/AML for "know your customer/anti money laundering"). Perhaps the easiest way would be to ask a responsible adult (parents?) to do the exchange for you, and then transfer the bitcoins to your wallet. Once site I recommend is kraken.com, but there are many others. Note that you don't have to risk all of your savings at once, you can start with a small amount to make sure the entire transaction chain (your bank-&gt;parents bank-&gt;kraken-&gt;your wallet) works as expected.
Hope that helps. Feel free to ask further if you have any questions.
@_date: 2017-05-08 19:54:51
You mean **fiat** is a terrible store of value.
That's by design. Feature working as expected. Who will build the roads, after all? /s
@_date: 2017-05-26 22:31:21
After your post with links I was like "Yay BTC-forever is back!". But hey I could not be sure.
After this angry post, no more doubt :) Welcome back man! Where have you been? Why the new account?
@_date: 2016-10-27 20:34:14
Yes, you get a regular Visa card, just swipe it wherever.
Online retailers have more security features, and they also just have Name/Billing Address as obligatory fields in their web forms. If you don't have them, you can't provide them and the whole thing doesn't work, simple as that. Note, however, that you can get Amazon gift cards (non-expiring cash equivalent) directly from Bitpay's awesome wallet, and you can use purse.io for considerable discounts if you are willing to wait a bit.
@_date: 2016-10-27 18:19:15
State can continue to exist in history books and scary stories for kids.
@_date: 2017-05-26 02:44:22
They'll do an ICO somewhere late 2017, their home page ( has an email notification option at the bottom.
@_date: 2017-07-05 21:37:16
Thank you for your reply. Yes, by "state" I mean government, ie all the people who are in the business of collecting and spending taxes.
1. Please be more specific. Organization vs chaos in what area? Also, now I know you never worked inside the state.
2. Do you have a particular corporate behavior that you think should be regulated? Did it happen in the past?
3. To the very best of my knowledge, the state is completely horrible when it comes to helathcare. It makes it very hard and expensive to become a doctor (by jailing people not approved by the state), makes it incredibly expensive to manufacture drugs and equipment (by jailing people who do so without state approval). How do you see the role of the state in providing "fair" health care?
4. How do you see the state providing fair education? Also, if you want to go deeper here, please describe what would satisfy your notion of "fair education".
5. The way it is done currently - confiscating people's money and then spending it (see unfunded pension liabilities) is clearly not providing safety nets. How do you think the state should provide safety nets?
@_date: 2017-07-11 22:20:59
Why would you like to close the banks? Safekeeping your money and loaning it to other people seems like a great idea to me, and is something I'd gladly participate in.
@_date: 2017-05-28 10:29:19
I know BitPay allows to enter some URL, but I'm not sure what you can point it to. Worth having a look imo.
@_date: 2016-10-17 18:53:40
Guy writes an article, guy makes no verifiable claims in several pages of text. Mostly concerned with ephemeral, irrelevant details of whether people take their time to double-check the information or not. This guy is a waste of oxygen.
@_date: 2017-07-28 05:47:29
all4btc.com (7$ fee but complete anonymity)
bitpay.com - instantly purchase amzn gift card for any amount directly from the wallet. This is the easiest way to spend crypto imo.
@_date: 2017-07-12 07:25:51
"Scam" is only applicable to something that is not known. Reserve ratio of the banks, assuming they are making the full use of the state-permitted ratio, is known. So what is the scam? I'm not being confrontational, and I do have a point to make btw.
@_date: 2016-07-28 01:20:39
In US, yes it does. Sometimes phone number and your credentials are enough, sometimes in seemingly very similar circumstances they require ID scan and take couple of days to validate it.
@_date: 2016-07-29 03:06:48
Society? Yes, absolutely, why not - assuming of course that either BTC or some other crypto addresses scalability issues - which is absolutely possible.
Large state with wars and welfare and all of that? Likely impossible without fiat.
@_date: 2016-07-29 20:16:58


Examples? I've actually tried to look for some. My findings so far: large-scale non-colonial wars are extremely non-profitable, and historically seem to be impossible to conduct without fiat currency. As to welfare, we don't see many examples of that historically, but in the ones I'm aware of (Roman, Ottoman, Byzantine empires) large wars, welfare and fiat (debasing of gold currency with silver) have coincided. Is it a coincidence? I'm so far convinced it's not. I'd be absolutely thrilled if you gave me an example, seriously, it would rock my world.


I'm glad that my statement invoked your emotional response, and I'm not sure why it is negative. Do you have a different approach to ending wars and welfare in mind?
@_date: 2017-07-05 20:47:11
What do you think you need the state (coercive monopoly on violence) for? Please list a couple of things.
@_date: 2016-07-28 00:49:16
"Some subsidies are good" is not a valid statement.
How comes violence is needed to redistribute that money?
"I accept the use of violence for subsidies of renewable energy and space exploration (to the detriment of millions of others and causing mass inefficiency and expansion of state power) because I like these things" would be way more accurate.
@_date: 2016-07-29 03:24:13
Author demonstrates notable lack of understanding of situation. It's not like "banks" are technically incompetent or evil or backwards or lack vision. If you observe inefficiencies, you have to look for violence. In this case it is trivial - commercial banks are not much more than the extension of state nowadays in all/most countries. They are completely bound by regulation and can't really do much.
@_date: 2018-12-03 07:26:47
The developers introduce updates to the client. If the updates are deemed to be "clearly desirable", ie devs think no one is likely to object to them, they enter a new client and (assuming protocol updates) they just take effect after certain block. Normally this block is chosen to be far ahead in the future (months) so that everyone has a chance to update.
For possibly contentious upgrades, they are added to the client with the ability to toggle support on or off via config. There are a couple of bits in each block that are assigned to for this voting. The update will "activate" if by certain block it is deemed (by the client itself) that enough mining power has voted one way or the other - that way everyone can participate in the decision (proportionately to their mining power) but still avoid fork even if they loose.
@_date: 2016-07-28 08:05:38
Lets say I have some extra fiat ($) and want to make some savings for the future. Given the situation with quantitative easing as well as constant money creation even without it, I feel like storing dollars is not productive. What would you suggest?
@_date: 2017-06-22 20:30:31
Such site might not exist at all - Visa transactions are reversible, while crypto are not, so it is very risky to sell crypto for Paypal or Visa payments. Your best bet might be cash on localbitcoins / mycelium network.
@_date: 2018-12-20 23:03:29
This is partially correct, but not all the way correct.
If you are using the hard-drive, or any other way to store the key (metal plates etc), the signing of the transaction is still done on the computer, which can be compromised. I.e. it's not just the storage of the key, but also the usage of it.
In case of hardware wallet, the signing is done inside protected device, and the key never even appears anywhere  that might be compromised.
@_date: 2017-06-02 23:24:01
Note that you can use BitPay integration with their mobile app - it is extremely convenient and works flawlessly.
As the other commenter said, the state expects you to pay them - either pay them, or make sure they don't know about your economic activity.
@_date: 2016-07-28 01:07:35
100K Euro min investment, 1.75% annual management fee, 2 days clearing. Oh the glorious nation of Gibraltar, is this the best you can do???
Still waiting for the Winklevosses.
@_date: 2017-06-16 18:36:16
It's due to MMM, the famous official ponzi: 
@_date: 2018-12-20 00:24:44


Not nearly as complicated as fiat systems. Not even 0.01% of complexity, assuming you are referring to BTC+lightning.


Lightning transfer costs are in hundreds of Satoshis. Other cryptos offer low costs as well.


Lightning is fast. Other cryptos are fast. Bitcoin is not the end-all.


Volatile up and down, as opposed to fiat which is volatile only down.


Are you talking about FDIC? I'm certainly fine with not having it, if it means not paying the costs. If you want it, I have no problems with you insuring your deposits.


You do realize that is an unwanted product/service being pushed to you, right? Right? You do understand you are the only one paying for everything?


First, you are supposed to have a backup of the seed phrase, so that loss of hard wallet is meaningless. Second, if you are willing to trust other people with your funds (nothing wrong with that), you can yourself decide to whom give copies of your seed phrase. Easy as that.
Any other issues you see with cryoto?
@_date: 2017-06-21 19:47:12
Install bitpay.com wallet and enjoy instant super-convenient anonymous checkout with Bitcoin. That's the easiest way to spend BTC at the moment - check out at Amazon, get the price, instantly get the gift code in bitpay wallet, off you go.
@_date: 2017-06-02 01:31:50
1. Research the facts first. Paris accords have nothing to do with ecology or global warming, it is just a Foreign Aid 2.0 with a fancy name.
2. Even if Paris accords were about ecology on paper (which they are not), state violence never works. War on drugs means more drugs, war on poverty means more poverty, war on climate change means more climate change.
3. (Here I get downvoted) There are / will be coins that use Proof of Stake, where the problem doesn't exist to begin with.
@_date: 2017-06-03 02:27:41
I was not talking about their debit card. BitPay has extremely well designed and easy to use interface right in their wallet to instantly give you Amazon gift code for the specified amount.
When it comes to Visa, there are a number of companies who provide that service, notably Shift (via Coinbase) and BitPay.
If you really want serious anonymity (assuming mixed coins) you can use all4btc.com - they have a flat fee of $7 which is a lot, and they use private accounts, so your name is not featured anywhere beside shipping address. They also do eBay (usually cheaper than amzn if you have time to research). Afaik gyfter and egift also sell eBay gift cards, and you even get a discount.