@_author: masterlj
@_date: 2017-02-24 19:28:58
I think Google should probably nuke all their cached sites, right now.  If they can target affected domains that'd be even better.
@_date: 2011-06-22 16:06:57
This is a good point and could definitely be true, but only serves to further prove that there is a ton of shit they simply aren't disclosing.
@_date: 2011-06-28 16:49:36
I always wonder what the least amount of MH/sec, and time spent mining, someone has had in a pool, and found a block.
@_date: 2011-07-05 20:41:52
As funny as the top comment is, this should be the top comment!!!!!
A futures exchange would help everything!
@_date: 2011-06-20 17:09:25
Look, what people have to understand is that the current state of converting bitcoins to real currency is troglodyte.  If you want a comparison, (edit:typo)go find a mini-futures contract, or a stock, or whatever, and place an order.  You will see that it gets filled in seconds.  There is huge liquidity as a result of the actual system of exchanges that facilitate market players to be able to buy and sell.  These features are in their infancy with bitcoins.
To my knowledge there aren't even applications out there for the general masses to track Depth of Market and ticker data.  Obviously, some programmers have already been working on this task and are at a disincentive to release it to the public (a different matter altogether), but most people are going to simply place an order at a specified price, and walk away.
I do happen to have a ticker that was running when the crash occurred, and what you'll notice is that price bounced from $0.01 to $13-$14 on each subsequent time the hackers tried to sell a huge volume of bitcoins at $0.01.  [Screenshot](  That's a sign of health!
I do think the next few weeks are going to be critical for the longterm survival of the currency, and so far things are looking amazing.  Most exchanges that are still up have lopsided DOMs (more people looking to buy at low prices than to sell) and are placing value at around $12-$14USD.  In layman's turn, bitcoins just experienced about as big of a shakeup as you can experience, aside from a game-ending exploit found in the cryptography of bitcoins themselves, and people are still willing to buy.  For a lot of people, this is their first opportunity to buy at reasonable prices since bitcoins were put on their radar.
tl;dr  Bitcoins is proving to be resilient.
@_date: 2011-06-16 18:31:13
You guys are both right in a way.  Bitcoin production is supposed to be equal every day at ~7200, but the amount of people to whom those bitcoins are distributed, is going up.  Therefore if your hashes/sec remain the same, you are going to see less and less btc per day.
@_date: 2011-06-25 17:20:04
For the "use third-party disk image encryption program..." they list two there in the article, and links that you can click on that link to their site and tutorials.  TrueCrypt seems to work pretty well.
@_date: 2011-06-20 17:21:35
It's really just a failing of understanding logic.
If you have a 90% chance of doubling your money, you should take that risk (with an amount within reason of your aggregate net worth) and not worry about the results.  Make plays with positive expectation, sit back and enjoy the ride.  10% happens, and it clearly sucks when it happens, but risk is the lubricant for profit.  Some people are good at recognizing that, some aren't.
But if I get you correctly (brezmans), you understand this, but are merely pointing out the PR problem bitcoins has with the general public who isn't aware of this.
@_date: 2011-06-22 19:19:57
"Lift" could mean the same as "keep it from diving" as well, so you can't really judge by chart alone.
You can only profit in this situation if you have information that others do not.  I actually believe this is a rare case where most people in-the-know about bitcoin farming probably would be right if they assumed AMD's 3rd quarter revenue will be higher than expected.  
If the market truly doesn't "know"  (know simply means "to price in") this information about the ridiculous increase in sales, then you won't expect a rise now, you'd expect it after the 3rd quarter results are posted (October) and AMD exceeds investor expectation, so you'd want to buy now if that's your opinion.
Keep in mind that there are always other factors and AMD has been in the dumps lately from what I've been reading, so do your own research and accept that you could lose capital.
@_date: 2011-06-25 17:13:14
I don't really understand why he'd want to multiply his risk, silver is already a volatile enough market, and now he wants bitcoins out of it?
I guess I can see him saving some transaction costs if he exchanges silver to btc directly, but that market has to be pretty small plus he has the overhead of designing and maintaining the site, so the transaction costs he is saving by running the site must be less than the site development costs.
Imo, just save time and headache and convert silver to USD and USD to btc.
@_date: 2011-06-25 17:34:54
It's right there on TrueCrypt's site, maybe we should add this to the Wiki, but these are [step by step instructions:](
@_date: 2011-07-09 22:33:10
Unfortunately, it's going to be very hard to turn significant profits trading bitcoin and trading unless you can find leverage, have a ton of cash, or can program.  You probably need all three.
But if that isn't enough to stop you I've studied Technical Analysis for a few years now, you just need to find out why price moves, and identify areas where price is more or less likely to move in a certain direction.  Very simple sentence to type out, very difficult to actually master.
@_date: 2011-06-22 19:22:42
I was thinking along the same lines today, that exchanges could easily make policies not to facilitate transfers from accounts with disputed bitcoins.  That said, it only adds a layer of difficulty for thieves without preventing them.  It certainly makes liquidity an issue, but where there's a transaction fee to be made I'm sure someone will take up the cause.
Also, if you were 100% successful at blocking off these coins, you'd essentially be taking money supply out of the market.  I'm no Economist, and in truth, I have no idea what the consequences of that would be, but I do know that it was outside the original design of the system.
@_date: 2011-06-28 16:59:51
I once saw a kid buy a sack of weed with a US-minuted $20 bill, BAN DOLLARS!
@_date: 2011-06-22 06:01:11
There is simply no way anyone would keep 500,000 bitcoins on MtGox.
What most people don't realize is that MtGox takes your bitcoins, that is to say they reside in MtGox's coffers, and in exchange, they make a little entry into their database with a number you get to play around with, which is solely a representation of the bitcoins you sent them.  When you make a trade they "front you" the bitcoins to make the trade and move bitcoins from your database entry, to the person you made the trade with.  Only when you want to withdraw or move bitcoins, do any bitcoins actually get released.
So that said, there is NO FUCKING WAY someone would have 500,000 bitcoins on an unproven exchange.  As we saw, 500k constitutes more liquidity than the entirety of the exchange, so what's the fucking point of having them there?  You would have to be consuming paint chips by the handful to make that decision.
There are only a handful of ways it's possible for a single account to have that many:
1. MtGox's transaction fee balance was in one account, and had way more money than anyone thought.
2. Some Godlike trader was able to acquire it via very successful string of MtGox trades for a whole lot more than the total liquid volume of all trades on the exchange.
3. A hacker was able to write their own account balance in MtGox's database, and MtGox is covering up such a blatant hole in their security.
I would also issue a warning.  MtGox's incentive to not run off with all of your bitcoins is only dependent on two factors, their ability to make more money being legit, and their ability to sell all of those coins on some other exchange.  It would be wise not to forget those two things with regards to any bitcoin exchange.
@_date: 2011-06-24 22:18:16
For those who requested the 4 year old explanation:
Support = area where price is less likely to pass below
Resistance = area where price is less likely to pass above
It's traditionally viewed as areas of supply (resistance) and demand (supply).
So imagine this really simple case of a contrived market:
The last transaction occurred at $5:
Now imagine the Depth of Market (DOM = snapshot of all current order), looks like this (assume $1 increments for sake of simplicity):
DEPTH OF MARKET: 
Ask (Sellers): 
$8, 180btc available 
$7, 10btc available
$6, 45btc available
[LAST TRANSACTION] = $5, current price
Bids (Buyers)
$4, 4btc wanted
$3, 10btc wanted
$2, 25 btc wanted,
$1, 50 btc wanted
So in order for price to move some has to "come across the spread".  Meaning a buy has to buy at $6, or a seller has to sell at $4, for there to be a transaction.  If that doesn't occur, price remains at $5 being the "last" (aka last transaction).
If no one cancels their order, in order for price to go past $6 and to $7, they have to "consume" 45btc worth of orders at $6.  This is more difficult and therefore less likely, than if there were only say 10btc worth of volume at the $6 Ask, so therefore the OP is suggesting that $6 will be a "Resistance" which means an area of supply.
If you can gain a probabilistic edge on where price is going, and you can beat commissions, you can make money in the market.
EDIT: To actually comment on OP's question, yes they are indicators, but you have to beat commissions and the spread, without leverage.  It's going to be very difficult to do, but don't let some random guy on the internet discourage you, just be weary before you actually start pumping real money into trades (trade on paper first!!!!)
