@_author: mastrlrk
@_date: 2014-10-17 01:42:04
just because you have multiple verification sources, doesn't mean it needs to be public NOR does it mean they need to be *owned* by different people. The way bitcoin implements the blockchain, miners are by default separated, simply because when satoshi created bitcoin, it required legitimacy that the system works and can't be exploited, which is why miners require ridiculous amount of computing power, even when the actual requirement to process every bitcoin transaction is very little. The federal reserve does not require the same kind of legitimacy that satoshi needed. They would implement the blockchain for the same reason why we like bitcoin, for cheaper and faster transactions. Imagine a world where the reserve has its own blockchain and every dollar in public distribution digitally belongs in the "public wallet." Everytime those paper dollars go into a bank, digitally it leaves the public wallet for a wallet designated for that bank and the paper dollar itself becomes inert(meaning it loses its value). This implementation alone would be tremendously valuable to banks and LE, as it would make bank robbery or note forgery impossible, as the bank robber would be stealing worthless paper that does not hold value, and the forgerers would need to hack a blockchain(that just so happens to be contained in a *private* network run by the fed) inorder for their notes to have value. Paper currency is increasingly becoming obsolete in the modern world in comparison to its electronic counterparts, it would be foolish to believe that governments are not implementing new technologies solve that issue.
@_date: 2014-10-16 14:40:50
it really depends on what you are using bitcoin for. Are you using it as an intermediary in an FX exchange? Or are you using it as a speculative investment? Or a long-term investment? Or are you using it as a replacement for fiat currencies? Or do you intend to use it for retail for its reduced transaction costs? Or are you just mining for the extra income? There are significant pros and cons in almost every situation. The viability of bitcoin(and your personal views on the subject) will change depending what you plan to do with it. Beyond the limitations of it's use, you also have to consider the exigent risks involved with holding bitcoin like changing government regulations, hacking its encryption, and competition via other crypto currencies AND other implementations of the blockchain. Remember, the key innovation of bitcoin IS the blockchain itself, and despite what some people may [believe]( it would not be all that difficult for the Federal Reserve to implement a blockchain system on fiat currencies today WITHOUT a *public* distributed ledger(IE the miners are the government themselves). We are seeing blockchain technology being applied to many fields unrelated to currencies such as [wine making]( *the article may use bitcoin, but it is entirely feasible to create a separate blockchain dealing specifically with wines, with wine makers as the "miners" of the system. I think bitcoin is a significant opportunity, but it is not without significant risks, and I personally don't believe it will ever hit the mainstream as the tptb will certain kill it either via regulation or by implementing its own blockchain.