@_author: mastermoshey
@_date: 2014-01-04 00:33:40
I actually went to see for myself here’s a detail report:
6:00-6:30: People that were travelling from long distance arrived earlier than the rest. The machine was sitting alone in the corner while people would observe and analyze the ATM machine. The machine looked like it can be easily put into ones pocket and walked away. This does not seem like a type of machine that can be left alone.
6:30-7:00: More people arrived and by the looks of it 100 people showed up while on the website only indicated 50 people reserved and said they were coming. 7:00-7:30: Everyone casually enjoying the snacks and alcoholic drinks provided by the host while the room reeked like a high school gym class of BO.
7:30-8:00: I started to bounce around while everyone was moving into different groups socializing and enjoying their drunken stupors. By now the room was filled and the unveiling of their ATM was going to commence as the co-founders were still gloating to people that wanted to hear about their machine.
8-8:30: They finally made their grand announcement for their ATM while everyone gathered around. The ATM had a sleek orange front and a yellow colored behind. The 3 founders stated that they came from Ottawa and were not Torontonians. There was also a 4th member indicated by one of the founders of the machine, however, the fourth member did not show up because vacation was more of a priority. I understand that yes they are allowed to have drinks while casually mingling at their own unveiling however there was no professionalism in their speech as holding a beer bottle while giving a speech did not show the seriousness, there’s a table, put it down for five minutes and drink it later.
8:30-9:00: After their announcement they had a bidding not allowing anyone to use the machine until they sold the first spot in line. As people were anxious to use the machine, one of the founders sold the first position, the person that had the highest bid for the first spot paid 300 dollars than proceeded to the front and was unable to purchase any BTC from the ATM due to not having any cash, he thought he was buying 300 dollars’ worth of bitcoins but looked dumbfounded when they asked him for the cash. A lot of people did not really want to purchase BTC due to the initial pressure to purchase the first spot. The man paid 300 dollars for the first place in line for a demo machine and that threw many people off. I at this point, walked away because he made a joke of being the first to use the ATM. They stated early that it had some money restrictions at the moment and was only able to accept twenty dollar bills. I came back later to the machine and saw people with cash using the ATM. When people got the ATM to work they received the money in their wallets in a couple minutes while some were unable to scan their QR wallets, the co-founder said they are not yet able to scan different variants of operating systems (iOS , android, windows). There seems to be a security concern which involved fraudulent and theft issues.
9:00-9:30: The whole grand opening of the ATM had an Xbox 360ish feel due to it being rushed and being released early just to get the New Year buzz. After people got to play and poke around with the machine. The crowd quickly left and realized it wasn’t a bar because of the women to men ratio. Word got around that the basic machine is 7 thousand and a fully loaded machine will be 15 thousand.
Overall the ATM didn’t really feel like an ATM as it seems like it cannot be left alone maybe the 15 thousand dollar ATM will be different and won’t seemed rushed. Bitcoin Decentral looks great although it is not complete hopefully it will look cozier in the future I guess it will be used as a business incubator for bitcoin entrepreneurs.