@_author: mast3rdev
@_date: 2017-03-19 17:06:54
They have also listened to users and businesses and an economic majority that want larger blocks.
Notice every time a larger block likelihood increases the price goes up and every time something bad happens to BU the price crashes. It's not a correlation, it's a causation.
The 1mb cap was added to prevent spam attacks, which are no longer an issue. Satoshi specifically said that it should be increased.
@_date: 2017-03-18 22:28:14


You would instead have 5-10 developers at the top of core decide this number? Because that's how it currently is. Allowing nodes or miners or both to determine this number is much much more decentralized than having it be some developer magic number.
Also, it's BU, not BTU. BTU doesn't exist. There is no coin called BTU.
@_date: 2017-03-19 16:24:03
There seems to be a lot of misinformation below, for the reasons you already mentioned. 
All BU does is take the blocksize out of the hands of a few 5-10 developers and put it into the hands of thousands of miners - who already secure the network. This solves the blocksize for all time and makes it a market-driven value (the way it should be). It's safe, and it works.
Core disagrees with it though, and they're fighting for their jobs to remain the reference protocol, so that's why you have all of the anti-emergent consensus here.
@_date: 2017-03-19 16:34:23


Blow out competition? What do you mean? That's not how it works (and that's literally impossible).
The larger the block the more likely that block is to be orphaned or another miner will find one before and make that work void. Miners have an incentive to keep blocks as small as possible while still facilitating transactions. Plus, since it's an emergent consensus mechanism no single miner or even group of miners will have carte-blanch control over the size. It's market-driven.
Last - even if they all agree on larger blocksizes that doesn't mean that blocks will actually be that large. At the moment we just hit the 1mb cap. It took 8 years to get to 1mb and it will probably take years before we get to much larger sizes. The way that blocks grow is not extreme. The size refers to the maximum limit of transactions that can fit. There just aren't enough transactions to keep filling up even 4mb modest sized blocks.