@_author: masterhouding
@_date: 2018-02-25 22:36:52
'There are still a lot of hardcore Bitcoin users who use it for its intended purpose.'
A small hardcore almost insignificant group. It doesn't matter anyway, what matters is, if you want to see the price rise, that new people come in. But let's see how long these people stay in when the price really drops. 
'There are so many use cases for cryptocurrencies in general. Sticking with BTC, I would say anyone who wants to use a digital currency that isn't directly controlled by a central body, or people in countries with an unworkable or problematic currency (Zimbabwe, India, etc.)'
True, people in third world countries. But we all know how slow development goes in third world countries. Many people in these countries don't own a smartphone, have no access to internet, let alone knowing what a bitcoin is. By the time the thirld world countries step into bitcoin, the western world already stepped out, cause there won't be enough newcomers anymore. You need fresh blood to keep the price go up. But you can't go further after a certain point.
'How is that different from any stock option, or a business that needs new customers to survive? A pyramid needs it's operators to recruit others to survive. That's like saying a lemonade stand is a pyramid scheme because it needs new customers to come and buy lemonade for it to survive.'
Because with a stock option, you own part of a company. So, when the company grows, you'll get dividend. The value of a stock isn't only based on speculation, but also on the performance of a company, that sells a real life service or product. So the price of a stock is partly justified by an underlying value. Bitcoin has no underlying value. The blockhain is outdated, it's not used as a currency. Then, you'll have people say: it's digital gold. Okay, that could be true, but part of the fact bitcoin is attractive is the huge gains people can make. These gains won't be made anymore if new people won't step in. And we already know that the mass consists of non-risktakers. The mass doesn't take risks, so they won't step in, but you need them, you need fresh blood to raise the price. You didn't need them in 2016 or 2015, but you need them now, cause everyone else has already stepped in: the geeks, the hardcore bitcoin supporters, the haters of the financial system, small traders, gamblers and all the others. So, we have approached the moment that the mass must step in. But the mass only steps in with low volatility. Low volatility is not attractive for the ones that already are in bitcoin. 
So, maybe it will stay as digital gold, but the volatility will be way less than now, and thus the gains that could be made. 
Anyway, i hope I'm wrong. I stepped in too late, I'm too greedy to not step inj. But rationally, I think it's over. Maybe not with some new cryptos, but bitcoin needs fresh blood from the mass now, and it won't happen. But let's see in 3 months, maybe there will be a completely new dynamic. 
@_date: 2018-02-25 22:20:20
This is unfortunately true. I think, how ironical it may sound, that a total crash of bitcoin could save some of the new ones. This will maybe create a new piramidcycle. But there will be a time the thing explodes or the balloon slowly looses all the air. 
@_date: 2018-02-25 09:27:33
Every time there is stagnation or when the prices fall your hear people say 'it's manipulation'. Maybe it is manipulation, but one thing is also clear to me: there's not enough demand for bitcoin at the moment. Simple fact. To get back at 20.000, you need the same hype as in december: normal people stepping in, everyone talking about bitcoin. Secondly, the people that were holding must stay in.
This will not happen, this even might not happen this whole year, cause mainstream society got burnt so hard in december, they might never come back. And you need them, you need the mainstream now to lift up the price. We've come to a point that you need the normal guys to step in, cause bitcoin needs constant inflow of new money to rise. The market will bleed to death if there aren't enough newcomers. But it's way easier to bring in new people and raise the price when only 10 people put money in than when millions of people put money in. Also, the chance that 10 people will hold is way higher than a million people holding. So right now, the cryptomarket seems to be bleeding to death. Unless something drastically happens, we're doomed.  
@_date: 2018-02-25 18:05:53
Guys, there's a structural problem. Markets are slowly bleeding to death cause the piramid system can't hold anymore. People at the bottom, who stepped in first, get out, people that stepped in later, loose because of price decline. It will take a couple of months before the system is cleaned up. People that jumped in before 2018: congrats, you won at life. People who came in in 2018: stupid people, like me. 
@_date: 2018-02-25 19:21:00
Of course it is a pyramid scheme. I'm not saying it wasn't revolutionary and the blockchain will change the financial world forever, but it is a pyramid scheme. If you for example stepped in this week, you need new people stepping in next week to make profit. These new people need other people to step in, in order for them to make profit, et cetera etcetera. If there's a marketdip, like now, the people that stepped in at the end, loose. 2017 brought insane profits. So insane, you couldn't believe it looking at the chart. This will not go on forever, cause there's a point , and we might have already reached that point, that there won't be enough new people stepping in. Who's going to step into bitcoin in 2018? Nobody. ordinary people tried to step in in december last year, but they got burned and stepped out. The mass will never ever step in to bitcoin, it will always stay a nicheproduct. That means, at some point, the market/currency will bleed to death. The ones that stepped in early will see there's no growth, so they'll step out. There won't be enough new people to compensate for the old people stepping out. Only mass adoption from insitutions could avoid this problem, but everybody knows bitcoin will never be adopted as a payment method. The price is too high and the transaction costs way too high. 
So, I can already predict the fact that bitcoin will bleed to death. 
This is the unconvenient truth.  
@_date: 2018-02-25 08:52:29
Gain with what? Trade swinging? Trading with bitcoin? 
@_date: 2018-02-25 23:01:48
Mods don't want to hear anything negative about bitcoin. They're probably in it with (alot) of money, so they have a functional reason to delete sceptical posts about bitcoin. In the end, positive spirit + hype is what raises prices, so that's what you need. So, if I put 100.000 in bitcoin, and I hear negative things, I would had the urge to delete it if I was a mod. 
@_date: 2018-02-25 09:37:31
- 10 people invested in a coin in 2012, the coin gained value and became 1 dollar. These 10 people needed another 10 people to raise the price with another dollar. These 20 people needed another 20 people to raise the price with 2 dollars, to 4 dollars. Now millions of people stepped in, and you need tenthousands of newcomers to raise the price. Where do you get them from? The mainstream won't step in anymore, cause they got their asses burned in december. The market is dead at the moment. It's not a bubble, but a balloon that will slowly loose the air inside. 
@_date: 2018-02-26 00:12:36
'That's how most of Reddit works anyway.'
Not really, once a person becomes a mod he becomes a dictator. I see so many subreddits where posts that go against the general view of the group are being deleted. 