@_author: masterthrowaway9001
@_date: 2017-11-23 04:41:42
They'll get on it in 1-2 months, just like their customer support response time.
@_date: 2017-05-23 07:03:42
'Super illegal drugs'
We've been talking to a twelve year old this entire time :/
@_date: 2017-05-23 02:10:37
If you disagree with something I've said, make a point about it.
@_date: 2017-05-23 07:07:33
Jesus you're 32 and this dumb? My lord.  People who know what they're talking about don't use the phrase 'super illegal' to describe it.  Either you're a fantastic troll or I've genuinely met someone too unintelligent to use a search bar. As much as I try not to result to personal insults, after the outstanding amount of disrespect and stupidity you've shown people who clearly knew more on the topic than you, I really don't care. 
Oh well. Thanks for the laughs I guess.
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:23:24
Darknet markets reduce crime and violence drastically, as you can't exactly kill someone who scams you over the internet anonymously.  Drug buyers are going to buy drugs either way.  There is not a single country that isn't ran by a dictator that has 'won' the war on drugs. If their options are the sketchy guy on a corner with a gun or sitting behind a computer desk, why would anyone choose the former?  The existence of darknet markets stops thousands of IRL transactions from taking place every month. That's thousands less chances for a drug deal to go wrong and somebody die.
The alternative is not living in a country ran by cartels. Cartels are not known to deal on darknet markets, as you can't sell the quantity of drugs that cartels sell at once on there. There are a good amount of middle men before the drugs end up in the hands of the person who actually posts a listing on darknet markets.
I really don't think you have any idea what you're talking about.
@_date: 2017-05-23 02:17:58
He definitely deserves jail time. He attempted to hire hitmen to kill ex-staff members, and took a very active role in the website, which is a lot more than just keeping it online and collecting a commission.  He was also the first person to ever do this, so it's easy to see how the power went to his head.  There are now hundreds of different darknet sites doing the same thing.
The thing about reducing supply, is you simply can't get all of the suppliers.  If you live in a major city, there will *always* be someone selling what you want.  Being able to get it online just allows these people to avoid a potentially dangerous situation.
Regardless of either of our opinions, darknet markets (currently) can't be gotten rid of, and they don't seem to be going anywhere anytime soon.
@_date: 2017-05-23 04:55:06
You not believing/understanding things doesn't change it. There's literally an entire subreddit on this stuff, and almost zero buyers get caught if they do things properly.
Really, this information can be Googled too. You're just making yourself look foolish.
@_date: 2017-05-23 05:17:37
For fucks sake, are you okay? Have you ever sold anything ever? People don't kill their paying customers. You're picturing all these packages going to some seedy trailer in the middle of Alabama. Sorry to disappoint you, they're mostly going to white collar people in decent neighborhoods. People smart enough to figure out how to properly use tor and the markets. Darknet markets have been around for half a decade and there isn't a single story of this ever happening.  The vendors are pulling in thousands a week, some per day, and you're suggesting they're going to raid their customers house and kill them for a $100 package of marijuana.  You're suggesting they have agents all around the country, possibly world (because many vendors ship globally), all ready to raid some college kids house for what they call pocket change. Like wat.
You have no idea what you're talking about and you're just making yourself look like a complete fool. You entered this conversation knowing nothing about the topic, yet for some reason you feel the need to try and correct everyone who knows significantly more on the topic than you do.
 If you'd like more information, literally all you have to do is Google it. Or go to the subreddit for this.  Your questions and suggestions are getting more absurd each time, I'm not going to be answering them any longer.
@_date: 2017-05-23 04:31:12
I am 100% positive.  I don't know about explosives, I haven't heard of anyone buying those off the darknet markets. Explosives are usually frowned upon even there. I assume detecting explosives is different than drugs, again, don't really know.
Yes, they have to put your real name and address (or at least *a* real name and address) on it. But so what? It's an anonymous shipping label bought with bitcoin and then printed. The only way they'll know what it is, is if the seller gets compromised. Otherwise it's just another package. That can happen for a bunch of reasons. Sometimes the seller messes up on packing something, it opens up, post office finds it, they track it to the buyer, buyer flips on the seller's profile, and they start tracking the seller.
@_date: 2017-05-23 04:09:58
No, there isn't. It's always mailed via USPS. The seller buys USPS shipping labels anonymously, prints the labels, drops it in a USPS box, and off it goes. USPS packages can't be opened by anyone except the addressed person without either a warrant or obvious reason (leaking, drug dog smells it, etc.)
All of this happens without anyone ever meeting in person.
All of the above information is also available on fairly popular subs if you want to inform yourself further.
@_date: 2017-05-23 04:19:47
Please read my comment before making yourself look even more silly.