@_author: maszakry
@_date: 2015-07-13 17:38:02
This is OP has no idea what is being discussed here.  EU has every right to ask for collateral when a loan/sale is being made.  The first payments to Greece stipulated certain provisions (letting go of many government positions, collecting taxes, not allowing retirement at 55, etc..) Greece did not implement even one of the provisions they had AGREED to in writing when taking on those funds.  Now the EU isn't going to make the SAME mistake again and just hand over more money.  Greece is totally fucked by not collecting any taxes from their OWN people.  Their own people fucked over the country.  Having an idiot in power didn't help the situation but in the end EU wants collateral for their funds.  If I was going to give a friend say $100k, and he owned a few homes, boats, cars, etc... I would want something in writing and collateral.  The fact that Greece completely ignored the original provisions shows it has come to this form of negotiations to deal with such stupid people.  
@_date: 2015-07-13 19:52:17
Fair enough response.  The problem is simply, the people of Greece seem to think that they can simply "go back" to the drachma if they don't (or didn't) receive these bailouts.  If Greece did not receive these funds they would be 100% fucked, end of story.   Now, this is where things get tricky.  Their old currency no longer exists, it's history.  To jump back onto this currency would be so in name only.  A NEW currency would need to be printed since the old currency is no longer usable.  This new currency would need to be backed with *something* to have any value against any other currency (and most importantly against the Euro).  Now what is $1 of new drachma worth?  Well this goes into a whole mess of how to back currency but essentially it would be suicide to do this as they have nothing to back a currency with.
Now, as for the people of Greece agreeing to this.  This in itself is a fallacy.  USA sends hundreds of millions of dollars to Israel every year.  The people of USA didn't agree to this.. and this argument doesn't mean the people should have a say on this or their opinion matters.  This is what you elect representatives for.  
As for bailouts vs why they were even required in the first place (which nobody actually seems to be focusing on.. how they got into this mess)...  The people of Greece weren't paying taxes.  The people who would enforce tax collections were not collecting taxes either.  Housing tax?  Nobody paid it.  The Greek people did not pay taxes and the government can't be to blame for this, even if they tried to enforce it, what are you going to do when your entire country refuses to pay?
As for trade deficit, Greece has no means of really making anything.  They have essentially no exports.  Their only means of making any money is from tourism.  
Greece has fucked themselves pure and simple.  Fucked so bad that it might end up having to get sold off to other countries and cease to be its own entity.  
@_date: 2013-12-31 16:39:32
You have to be joking when you say "phone manufacturers also do heavy modifications to the core of the code".  Phone manufacturers do VERY minimal changes (update UI, install a few of their own programs, drivers, etc...).  It would be crazy to say they are performing kernel changes or changing main security aspects.  
If you look at the Android hardware lineup, its almost shamelessly the same.  The differences between HTC, Motorola, Samsung, etc.. are almost non-existent, running the same CPU, GPU, with slight tweaks to memory, screen, camera, etc... Illusion of choice my friend.