@_author: mathbased
@_date: 2014-07-28 02:53:46
Although technically Ripple is 2nd if you count the fact that all XRP were created from the get go. It's about a $600 million market. Yet a very small fraction the XRP have been distributed and in the hands of people who can use them and trade them.
@_date: 2014-07-22 02:59:40
Go get more than an associates degree and some real experience in financial markets and maybe you'll understand. Only time will tell. You say, "Ripple is 90% owned by the company still, and much of that is directly owned by the founders with no pretense of them having to give it away." - FALSE
Total XRP Ripple Labs Holds : 71,747,399,323 (71.7% not 90%)
(source) 
READ the sections titled "Why Ripple Labs Distributes XRP" and "XRP Distribution Strategy" on that page and it explicitly states how and why Ripple will distribute XRP. The more XRP that is distributed, and done so in a smart way that helps expand and improve the network, the more valuable the network will be and thus the more valuable XRP will be. 
"...Our goal in distributing XRP is to incentivize actions that build trust, utility and liquidity in the network."
"...We believe that broad adoption of Ripple as a protocol will result in organic demand for XRP over the long run. Ripple Labs plans to distribute XRP to encourage growth in six categories..."
I know, its a little hard to wrap your mind around at first, but eventually you'll see it.
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:26:31
One word.. DEMAND! Ripple adoption is underway as seen by a record breaking month in transaction and trade volume. New gateways coming on board in Brazil, Mexico, Korea, Japan, etc. The conversion of BTC and USD into XRP is exploding. Banks are already using the protocol for cross-border payments, inter-bank transfers, and remittance. My fellow bitconers should take notice, Ripple makes for a low-cost, faster, decentralized Bitcoin exchange!
@_date: 2014-07-21 20:20:32
Ripple is not a "scamcoin" and it's not "pre-mined" because there's no mining to begin with. I'm actually a supporter of Ripple. Ignore the politics and rumors you hear and research the facts. Ripple complements Bitcoin and offers the most efficient block chain of any value exchange protocol - it's actually a better payment rail than Bitcoin, its less risky and likely to be used by existing financial institutions. Best of all, it's transactions clear in near real-time and its currency/value agnostic so you can send/receive any digital currency, fiat currency, or anything of value. Codius.org even takes the protocol to the next level giving us the ability to create smart contracts in a way that's more efficient than the Bitcoin Blockchain. Don't get me wrong, I'm still a fan of Bitcoin and hold many Bitcoins, but think it will remain a digital commodity (not a currency) for the foreseeable future. 
@_date: 2014-07-21 21:25:37
Geez, no need to get all emotional. I did read what you said, but preowned sounds awfully similar to premined, but in any case you still said scamcoin. I doubt Andreessen Horowitz and Google Ventures invest in scams so it sounds like you need to do more homework. I've debated a lot of Ripple skeptics about Bitcoin only to find out most don't want to understand Ripple because they're too heavily invested in Bitcoin. Some get it, some don't. Most that get it are the ones who take the time to learn. The facts are out there if you want to do your own research and learn (like I and many others have done). Good luck! ;-)
Btw, Ripple Labs owning a majority of the XRP is not a bad thing and doesn't make it a scam. If the Ripple protocol is going to be successful Ripple Labs will be forced to re-distribute most of their XRP in a way that facilitates growth, improvement, and usage of the protocol. By the time they are done and successful they will own a fraction of the XRP they own now... but that's their strategy and it makes sense. You and the small niche community of Ripple haters in the bitcoin world mean nothing to Ripple anyways. Once they have the acceptance of major banks, governments, Wall Street, market makers and financial gateways all around the world, it WILL be a successful protocol for value exchange!
Keep in mind Satoshi was only the first to mine Bitcoin, but there were many early adopters who either mined or bought bitcoins and currently hold huge chunks of bitcoin. Are you mad at them for getting rich off of Bitcoin too? Are you worried some day they might cash in and sell off most of their holdings? You shouldn't because they won't do this for the same reason Ripple Labs or large XRP holders won't. It's counterproductive! Plus, Bitcoin mining has become so centralized and costly that only a limited number of wealthy people and/or groups can do it profitably.
@_date: 2014-07-21 19:31:40
Sounds like he's describing essentially what Ripple does in this article. Greg even uses the word "gateways"... maybe they're already talking to Ripple?
@_date: 2014-07-22 02:34:27
Yes, from Ripple.com... "Ripple is an OPEN-SOURCE, distributed payment protocol." Ripple Labs is the company that created, released, and continues to support the protocol, but the protocol itself is NOT centralized, it's distributed! Here, maybe this will help... 
@_date: 2014-07-21 20:54:12
I laughed a little when I read that. The truth is Ripple likely has lots of traction, but you just don't see it. Ripple Labs isn't focused on consumers and merchants or even bitcoin/altcoin users. Their strategy is behind the scenes establishing gateways, market makers, and partnerships with existing financial institutions and banks all over the world, while incentivising developers to build the apps that will appeal to consumers and businesses. Its quite genius if you really start to consider what they're building. So what if their founders and employees get rich from it (by changing the world for the better)... Apple, Microsoft, Google, Facebook, etc. all did the same thing. More power to them! Bitcoin will actually benefit if Ripple is a success. Ripple can actually be used right now as a decentralized crypto exchange, solving some of the problems associated with existing centralized exchanges and with lower fees too!
@_date: 2014-07-21 21:40:04
Follow the Ripple Blog at  and take a look at the documentation they have on their website regarding Gateways, Market Makers, Financial Institutions, and Developers. Ripple Labs doesn't push out a lot of marketing spin and press, but you can get a good idea of what they're working on by looking at who they're hiring and who their investors and advisors are! This is also a good sound clip of Chris Larsen talking about Ripple in May... 
@_date: 2014-07-22 00:47:53
Ripple is an open protocol, to say its closed is ignorant and I still don't know why you and a few others think Ripple is centralized or closed. And why are you all butt hurt and wanting to make this a debate? I didn't come here to debate, but apparently you did. I don't owe you any kind of explanation either and if you want facts, go find them. You're the one calling it a scam and you don't hear me saying that about bitcoin. I'm perfectly fine with you not liking, believing in or understanding Ripple. That's your choice. It's not like your opinion is going have any bearing on the success of Ripple so have a cookie, and congrats you won this "debate"... tool!