@_author: mathgate
@_date: 2014-07-26 19:48:56
Looks like someone looked deeper into my page and found out I don't use email and that I'm not human.
e-mail + PGP is fine, but when I had an email address and a PGP key everyone sent me unencrypted email. If someone knows of an email service that refuses to accept emails unless they're encrypted (bouncing them back to the sender), then I'll look into it. Otherwise, I'll stick with bitmessage and post.
I just found out reddit doesn't require an email address to join. Good for them.
@_date: 2014-07-27 08:24:13
The "Conjunction" video at this link gives an example of a proof which is correct but does not correspond to the treasure. It also shows a small modification making it the proof corresponding to the treasure. (The treasure in the example has been gone for a long time.)
@_date: 2014-07-26 18:44:28
I agree that the intersection of people interested in both bitcoin and theorem proving is small, probably smaller than I thought. I'm also sure I could've done some things differently that would've helped. It's been a learning experience. Thanks for your comment.
@_date: 2014-07-27 07:38:47
Ha. Thanks for the nice comments. I'll call together all the people developing mathgate and see if we can find a way to build in your suggestion. Oh, here I am. I guess we can get started.
@_date: 2014-07-28 18:18:05
H1 : A -&gt; A -&gt; B
H2 : A
So the proof can be written
(fun H1 : A -&gt; A -&gt; B =&gt; fun H2 : A =&gt; H1 H2 H2)
One thing that might help. I wouldn't say H1 "is" A -&gt; A -&gt; B. Note that (A -&gt; A -&gt; B) is a proposition, but H1 is a proof of the proposition A -&gt; A -&gt; B. You could say H1 "proves" A -&gt; A -&gt; B.
Propositions are special cases of terms. Proofs are different from  terms. That's why you get an error message saying "it might be a proof...where a term is expected" if you put a proof (e.g., H2) where a term is expected (e.g., A).
Due to my day job, I am only checking in once or twice a day now (morning and evening German time). Feel free to keep posting though. I'll reply when I can.
@_date: 2014-07-30 17:21:27
When you go to these pages the top requests an access code. Before Saturday you had to pay to get an access code. Now it's free but you still need an access code. There's a link "An access code can be obtained for free here" you can follow to get an access code. Without an access code all you see is a partial image of the page, not the page itself.
@_date: 2014-07-27 07:53:34
I tried running my own mail server before, but I never found a way to reject unencrypted messages. I don't see how running it as a hidden service would help, but maybe I don't see what you have in mind.
Sending letters by post clearly exposes metadata, but so does email with PGP. At least it takes more time to take pictures of envelopes than it does to copy email headers. Regarding the content, government officials may be opening my letters, photocopying them and then closing them again. If so, they are wasting even more of their time -- much more time than is spent blindly copying and storing everyone's email messages. The more time bad guys waste, the less time they have to do bad things.
I started seriously thinking about giving up email after Lavabit was targetted and shut down. I'm surprised so many people still use email at this point. Well, maybe "surprised" is the wrong word.
@_date: 2014-07-29 05:17:30
I like your idea that people can click to see what H1, H2, etc. prove. I noted it. I'll try to do it when I get a chance.
1) Note that after assume H2: A, you need to prove False (since ~A is A -&gt; False). This means in the last apply you give the proof H1 H2 of (A -&gt; False). Since you're trying to prove False, the apply reduces the goal to proving A. You still need to prove A, hence the proof is incomplete. You could fix this in two ways: either add a final "exact H2" or simply change the last apply to H1 H2 H2.
2) You do need a "let x y." at the beginning of the proof. I'm not sure why you got the error in this case.
@_date: 2014-08-04 06:32:03
You're welcome. Well done!
@_date: 2014-07-27 16:45:26
Regarding email and pgp, encrypting it after it gets to my server is too late. It needs to encrypted before it leaves the machine of the sender. Otherwise it's compromised. Also, if I only sent emails that were pgp encrypted, then I'd only be able to send to people who use pgp. I honestly can't think of anyone I'd email who knows what pgp is.
I asked people not to email me things they didn't want made public, but my experience was that they were incapable of doing this. I solved the problem. It's OK, except most of my former friends think I'm insane and give me dirty looks and roll their eyes. From my point of view, I found out who my real friends were.
I doubt I'd be able to swim with the masses. I'd drown. Anyway, it's too late now. I have a long history of hanging out with libertarian types, so I think the option of blending in with the masses sailed away long ago. Keeping your head down is the safest route though, for those who are able to do that.
@_date: 2014-07-26 16:50:30
In late March 2014 I started a bitcoin theorem proving treasure hunt scheduled to last until the end of September 2014. The idea was to use hashes of formal proofs of mathematical theorems as private keys for bitcoin treasures. Just over 14 bitcoins were buried this way. It's now the end of July 2014, so the treasure hunt has two months remaining to run and just over 6 bitcoins remaining to be found. ...
@_date: 2014-07-29 20:45:57
Thanks for the suggests. The fact that the "html" proofs are more verbose is on purpose. The ascii (textarea) versions follow a strict grammar. On the other hand, the cases where a proof is given (i.e., not left to the reader), there is already a corresponding ascii version in the textarea.
You can add comments via (** ...comment... **). It's important that there are at least two *'s. (* ... *) has a different meaning.
rewrite &lt;- is not allowed before symmetry is proven because the underlying justification of rewrite &lt;- uses the symmetry lemma. It can be confusing. It has to do with the details of Leibniz equality.
There is nothing wrong with your final proof. Some proofs are correct but do not correspond to a treasure. You've found one of those proofs. In those cases if you're looking for the treasure then start looking for little modifications. Can you do one rewrite before another? Can you use rewrite &lt;- instead of rewrite? And so on.
An example of a proof that doesn't correspond to the treasure is shown in the Conjunction video.
@_date: 2014-07-26 18:55:54
It sounds like you're rechecking an example where the proof is given. Generally if the button says "Recheck" then the corresponding proof was found in the past and the corresponding bitcoins were already taken. The reason these examples are there is so you see a lot of examples of how such proofs should look.
Here's a document with some treasures that haven't been found. For example, there's 75 mbits hidden under a proof of associativity of addition.
@_date: 2014-07-31 06:06:06
I suspect the error is caused by Ginv(x), which should be (Ginv x). Right now it looks like Ginv is an argument of inv_uniq, where I think you want (Ginv x) to be the argument.
The error messages are cryptic because by the time the error shows up the terms have been converted to a nameless/de Bruijn representation. So what was (G x-) when you typed it gets converted to something like (_4 (_1 _0)) before starting to check the proof.
@_date: 2014-07-26 18:39:11
Thanks. Should be 
I'll fix this.
@_date: 2014-08-01 20:53:40
Ah, it looks like you also need to give a second argument to Ginv x. That is, it should be (Ginv x _) where the _ should be a proof of (G x).
I thought about having code to go back to the named representation to print errors, but I don't have a clear sense of the correctness criteria. I definitely won't be doing more coding on it at the moment.
By the way, you might prefer to prove the results in Coq and then port the Coq proof over to mathgate. Coq gives better error messages. Porting to mathgate would mostly involve changing some tactic names (e.g., Coq's intros would become mathgate's let and assume). Plus you can download and run Coq on your own machine.
@_date: 2014-07-27 07:27:28
The "schedule" page has a link to all the documents:
Here are direct links to "Second Order Propositional Logic" and "Equality and Existential Quantification". These two early documents have videos explaining examples. In particular they introduce all the tactics.
@_date: 2014-07-26 18:23:54
You should give it a try. Here's one that was already free before today:
Go to the theorem named "right_cancel" and click on "proof...left to reader". In the text area enter the proof below and click Check. You'll get a private key for an address with 10 mbits. Then read the proof and see if you understand it.
let x y z:A. assume Hx: G x. assume Hy: G y. assume Hz: G z. assume H: x * z = y * z.
prove x = y. rewrite &lt;- (idr x Hx). rewrite &lt;- (idr y Hy).
prove x * e = y * e. rewrite &lt;- (invr z Hz).
rewrite &lt;- (assoc x z (z-) Hx Hz (Ginv z Hz)).
rewrite &lt;- (assoc y z (z-) Hy Hz (Ginv z Hz)).
prove (x * z) * z- = (y * z) * z-.
rewrite H.
apply eqI A.
@_date: 2014-07-28 18:10:43
(andEL H) is almost right here, but andEL is a proof of
forall A B:prop, A /\ B -&gt; A
So andEL expects 3 arguments. The first two are the propositions and the third is the proof of the conjunction. In this case it would be
(andEL A A H)
@_date: 2014-07-26 19:30:18
Here's a list of the proof tactics.
Most are chosen to be similar to tactics in the well-known theorem prover Coq, though the underlying logic is different. Here's an introduction to the logical framework mathgate uses:
Ultimately though, I think the easiest way to learn is by looking at example proofs, and a lot of them can be found by looking at some of the documents. There are also videos explaining some of the examples.
@_date: 2014-07-26 23:00:07
I do have proofs to all the theorems. I had proofs in March when I buried the bitcoins. Each proof is compiled into a nameless representation. This representation is hashed (along with a salt) and this hash is used as the private key. None of the private keys is stored on the mathgate.info server. When you do a proof, the proof checker checks it and tells you whether or not it's correct. It also turns it into a private key (as outlined above) and checks if it is the private key for the declared treasure. In order to get the private key you need to not only give a correct proof, but a proof that has the same structure as the one I had in March. Otherwise the checker will say the proof is correct, but does not correspond to the treasure.
If you had a copy of the proof checker, then you could try proofs and find the private key without connecting to mathgate.info at all. However, at the moment the only way to call the proof checker is to call the one running on the mathgate.info server.
@_date: 2014-07-26 19:33:44
Maybe after I open source the code someone can make a less scary version.
@_date: 2014-08-03 20:14:17
Hi, regarding the last thing: You're probably thinking "let x." is correct because you see "forall x : A, ...", but actually there are parentheses. So it's not
forall e e':A, G e -&gt; G e' -&gt; forall x : A, ...
forall e e':A, G e -&gt; G e' -&gt; (...) -&gt; (...) -&gt; e = e'
So there should be something like
assume H1: forall x:A, G x -&gt; e * x = x.
By the way, since you're looking at previous problems to get practice, you might also find the ones on this page helpful:
They start very easy and move up to ... well, still not very hard. If you get stuck there are solutions for them here:
About the first question: what you're doing looked right to me at first too, but with a little experimenting I realized: You're using "rewrite &lt;-" with (inv_uniq ...) instead of "apply". Either one will work, but your whole proof will go through as is by just chaning this one "rewrite &lt;-" to "apply." You can also do the proof with "rewrite &lt;-" but you'd have to prove an extra (easy) subgoal. Using apply is easier here.
The proof goes through after you change to apply, but (spoiler) it's not the one with the private key. Let me peek at the proof that corresponds to the private key and see if I can give you a hint for how to modify it...
OK. I peeked. The "treasure" proof does not use inv_uniq. It uses five rewrites with proves between them. The first three rewrites are "rewrite &lt;-" and the last two are "rewrite" without &lt;-. It ends with "apply eqI A." so apparently the rewrites modify the goal to be something of the form "something = something" (same thing on both sides). Your proof is the same as the treasure proof up to where you do "rewrite &lt;- (invl x Hx)." (your second rewrite). The second rewrite in the treasure proof is "rewrite &lt;- (invr (x-) (Ginv x Hx))."
@_date: 2014-07-30 17:18:23
The bold problem that causes the error is because you need parentheses:
prove (x-)- = x * (x- * x).
That will get you to the next line. The next line won't do what you want. It sounds like you want to apply the previous theorem: inv_uniq. That seems reasonable, but I honestly don't have the solution in mind right now.
@_date: 2014-07-27 07:33:48
A small clarification: Satallax is an automated theorem prover. It's not yet connected to the proof checker running on mathgate.info.
Also, I don't hash the text of the proof to get the private key, I hash an internal representation (a Curry-Howard-de Bruijn style proof term using de Bruijn indices for bound variables). There is no whitespace.
However, you are correct that proofs are not unique. People can find proofs that are correct but do not correspond to the treasure. If that happens, try rearranging the proof. To find the private key it requires both the skill to do correct proofs and the luck to be the first one to find the correct proof with the treasure.
@_date: 2014-07-26 18:41:56
Good luck to both of you!
@_date: 2014-07-27 16:34:23
I'll try to help. The error says, in English: "You tried to assume P while you're trying to prove Q -&gt; R, and P is not the same as Q." In this case, you need to prove ((A /\ A) -&gt; A). You can start off by assuming (A /\ A), but you can't start off assuming something that isn't the same as (A /\ A) up to things like expanding definitions.
To be concrete, when you start with
assume H1: A /\ A -&gt; A.
This would only be a correct start if you want to prove something like (((A /\ A) -&gt; A) -&gt; B).
I can also point out two other issues.
When you write "prove X", the X should be a proposition, not a proof. In your script H1 and H2 would be names of assumptions (assumed proofs), so this would also cause an error. I suspect when you write "prove H2. exact (imp_refl)." you mean something like "claim H2: A -&gt; A. exact (imp_refl)." I don't think proving such an intermediate claim would help you in this case, but at least it wouldn't cause an error.
Finally, by (andEl (A A)) you probably mean (andEL A A). Actually, (andEL A A) is a proof of (A /\ A) -&gt; A.
Thanks for asking. It's helpful for me to see what people try to do.
@_date: 2014-07-26 19:08:00
Someone got this one now. I guess posting the solution helps.
@_date: 2014-07-26 18:27:16
Sorry about your experience, but I'm not surprised:


@_date: 2014-07-27 07:36:12
Sounds like you're making progress. Regarding learning the proof language, you can find a list of the tactics with explanations here:
You can see problems with videos using each of the tactics in these two documents:
@_date: 2015-08-11 19:32:40
Using email is more like using a checking account than using Bitcoin. Both email and checking accounts are essentially surveillance tools. (I write this partly in self defense. I use Bitcoin but not email.)
But I seriously doubt Knuth would use Bitcoin. In my experience, Bitcoin isn't taken seriously by people in academia. It might be different for people who specifically work in cryptography.
@_date: 2015-08-09 11:30:52
It's possible you and Erik both use sound reasoning, but start from different axioms. I've heard Erik describe himself as "one of those crazy libertarians who wants to leave people alone." Libertarians often start from axioms that seem crazy to the vast majority of humans. An example of such an axiom is that it's morally wrong to initiate force against someone in order to coerce them into doing what you want. Since most humans are uncomfortable with the logical consequences of such an axiom, they either have to reject the axiom or reject logic.
@_date: 2015-08-11 19:36:49
Do you have a specific example of a logically incorrect argument?
@_date: 2015-07-30 20:32:33
The sender can do it if there's a change output.
@_date: 2015-07-28 06:32:40
I take this topic very seriously. After Snowden and Lavabit, I stopped using email. (I can report that other people seriously do not respect this decision, and that most websites are unusable.)
Email is vulnerable when in transit and when stored on servers. With any of these services, there are two questions to ask: (1) Is the email ever unencrypted when in transit? (2) Is the email stored unencrypted on any server?
What are the answers to (1) and (2) with protonmail, tutanota and the others?
One possible way to ensure the messages remain encrypted is to PGP encrypt messages. I would use an email service if they rejected any email that does not appear to by PGP encrypted. Then it would be up to me to decrypt it. Does anyone know a service like this? I tried to build my own with an exim filter, but failed.
@_date: 2015-07-28 14:59:30
Ha! Now I'm reinterpreting every time a German's talked to me about their "handy" the past 10 years.
@_date: 2015-07-29 15:43:51
Thanks, but this happened twice after I'd mostly given up. Once I was running bitmessage and other people reported they were "waiting for pubkey" for several hours (before giving up). Later I reinstalled and tried to send to one of the "echo" addresses, but only got "waiting for pubkey" for those addresses. I was running bitmessage on an Ubuntu VPS.
@_date: 2015-07-28 07:33:03
I can imagine how end-to-end can work if both parties are using the same service (both using Tutanota or both using Protonmail). That's at least a start. Does either service provide the option of rejecting all emails sent from other services? If so, I could get a protonmail or tutanota account and tell people that if they want to email me they have to get an account there too.
I understand the decryption is done in the browser (JavaScript). Where is the private key stored? If I start a fresh browser/OS and log into Protonmail/Tutanota, how does my local browser get my private key to do the decryption?
PS: In case Protonmail, Tutanota or a similar service is reading this: I would be willing to pay (in bitcoin) for an email service that explicitly rejects emails unless they're really encrypted end-to-end.
@_date: 2015-07-29 16:01:33
I agree. Let's try to make sure we don't just bootstrap new Googles and Facebooks to get rid of the old ones. I prefer the slogan "can't be evil" to "don't be evil." The slogan's not enough though. I need to be convinced that protonmail, tutanota, or whoever, actually never has access to the contents of messages. On a ~~handy~~ cell phone I'd need assurances about the hardware and os as well. Maybe I'll get a cell phone if there's ever one that runs Tails and routes all traffic through Tor.
@_date: 2015-07-28 08:26:19
Is it possible to read email securely (privately) on a handy? My impression of handies (especially smart phones) is they were designed to be tools for Big Brother.
@_date: 2015-07-28 08:19:26
I'm a fan of bitmessage in theory. In practice it was unreliable (didn't receive messages and got hung up on "waiting for pubkey").
@_date: 2015-07-28 08:21:57


I think the replies to your post are ignoring this. How many websites that require email have a bitmessage/email-with-pgp-only option? I'm not aware of any.
@_date: 2015-07-29 15:55:12
Great! Ironically I had to give an email address to post the idea. I gave "onlynazisrequireemail You're free to email me there, but I'll never check it. :)