@_author: matholzschuh
@_date: 2017-12-07 08:39:03
yes it is a public space technically but to be honest I grew up in this location and knew every nook and cranny of it, there was never any foot traffic in this area, I mean I took my first GF to this spot and made some good memory's there lol. Yes its public space but at the same time it would be like finding a needle in a haystack, witch someone did.
@_date: 2017-12-07 08:30:29
This was just the wallet.dat file saved to hidden encrypted partition of a flash drive. I treated it like cash, no copy's nothing. I am a bit paranoid about keeping anything important on a device that is connected to the web. With good reason to, When I fist started mining I had gone for litecoin and doge as the difficulty was much lower. long story short I wound up getting some type of malware witch allowed a hacker access to my wow account "not my proudest days". After the long phone call with blizzard and getting back into my account, not only was my virtual game stuff missing so where my wallet files for ltc and doge. This event actually was a turning point in my life, I quit playing wow and I enrolled in college for IT classes. I started mining BTC for a few months until it became unprofitable "what the calculator said at least". I took it and hid it in that tree and here I am today. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 08:36:20
the wallet.dat file itself was encrypted but I took it a step further with trucrypt witch was not compromised at the time and made a hidden partition that was also encrypted. Not trolling, wish I was lol
@_date: 2017-12-07 08:55:54
You are stating this like I left in time square or something. It was a very secure location that worked well for years. There is still buried treasure being found to this day from 10s of thousands of years ago. Yes I would have expected someone to find it one day but not so soon. Like I also said, I lived there and was always out there growing up and there was never foot traffic at all, I mean in the 19 years of living there I maybe seen 4 people back there and I spent a lot of time in those woods. as far as the worst storage solution, That would be keeping it in the same spot as the rest of my data, If there was a fire, burglary, or any other kind of disaster its nice to keep important things off site. Yes in retrospect I should have got a safety deposit box or something but I worked with what I had at the time. Also banks get robbed just saying lol.
@_date: 2017-12-07 14:48:03
I completely agree flash drives are not best for long term solutions however In this instance it was a new main brand one with low read and wright in a very heavy duty shell so I was not to concerned with data decay happening before 5 years. This was also never planned to be long term, however the btc price kept going up and I was to scared to sell.
@_date: 2017-12-07 14:51:11
I didn't even think of that, that would be amazing, I'll check the spot out over the next few days. 