@_author: matmar10
@_date: 2015-06-19 08:21:00


Yes, that's right (assuming you meant "you as the $1 share holder *are* entitled to some profit") A key principle in sharia finance is profit and loss sharing, and that's why equity financing is advocated.
@_date: 2015-06-19 06:04:35
A key component of ethical microfinance is understanding the long-term impact on the recipient. Our microfinance partners track the long-term impact for each business to see if the overall investment had a positive impact. 
@_date: 2015-06-19 05:57:30
This structure is known as "murabaha", which is one of several structures in use for residential financing. It involves combining a sale/buy-back agreement ("Bai' al 'inah") with a deferred payment agreement ("Bai' bithaman ajil"). Both sale/buy-back and deferred payment by themselves are uncontroversial and accepted by scholars. The combination seen in modern sharia finance is somewhat controversial since it ends up very closely resembling a loan structure from conventional finance. 
Another structure for residential real-estate finance is a profit-sharing silent partnership ("mudarabah"). The business activity is a real-estate business which will generate rental income. The entrepreneur is the homeowner. The capital provider is a bank or group of individuals. The business generates profits from the payment of rent. The entrepreneur lives in the house and pays rent, and a portion of the rent goes to buy-out the co-owners (capital providers). 
FYI: Blossom doesn't do any residential or real-estate financing. 
Edit: add FYI RE real-estate financing
@_date: 2015-06-19 05:42:47
Hey, Matthew Martin here. The article doesn't talk much about the specifics of financing, so hopefully this will help clarify. Investments and loans are two very different types of financing. 
Investors share profits and losses with the entrepreneur. If the business fails, investors lose their money with no recourse. If the business fails to turn a profit, investors receive nothing - period. On the other hand if the business does very well, investors also do well. Business partnerships (Partnership, L.P., etc..) and equity investments (C Corp, S Corp) are examples of this type of structure. 


How are you defining "interest"? Interest is defined as "money paid regularly at a particular rate for the use of money lent, or for delaying the repayment of a debt". 
In business partnerships and equity deals the benefit of participating investors comes in the form of a portion of the business's profits. If you buy Apple stock, you get a quarterly dividend. The dividend paid to you as a sharedholder is based on the total profit divided across the owners (shareholders) in the ratio of ownership. There is no fixed payment. There is no guarantee. There is no relationship to the original premium, other than your representative stake in the business. 
Loans on the other hand are just the leasing or renting of money. A percentage interest is charged against the principle amount. The money paid to the lender has nothing to do with business performance, business ownership, business assets, etc... it's merely a guaranteed premium paid on the principle capital. This payment is fixed and doesn't take into account the ups and downs of the business. 
TL;DR: financing can broadly be classified as debt or equity. Islam advocates equity financing and prohibits debt financing.
@_date: 2015-06-19 08:28:36
Not sure if you actually read the article, but profit sharing contracts date back to the earliest days of Islam and were specifically encouraged as the ideal mode of financing. Loans/debts are discouraged and loans with interest are prohibited. The article title is a bit misleading by stating "loans" which Blossom does not actually do. 
@_date: 2015-05-06 10:07:21
We're don't have any immediate plans for the Philippines, but I do know someone in my network who's running a lending pilot there. I'd be happy to connect you - PM me your info and I can connect you to them.
@_date: 2015-05-06 04:41:57
Hey gang! Matthew Joseph Martin here, Founder/CEO of Blossom. I'm happy to answer any questions about Blossom and/or islamic finance in general. Interestingly many of the attributes of Bitcoin overlap with core principles of Islamic finance: ownership of underlying assets, reducing excessive uncertainty, and perhaps most importantly non-usuriously-derived money.
@_date: 2015-05-06 10:20:10
Keep in mind that in Islamic jurisprudence, everything is permissible until specific evidence is demonstrated so as to show something is impermissible. 
The five key principles of Islamic/sharia finance include three prohibitions and two guidances: 
1. No usury/interest
2. No excessive uncertainty 
3. No activities that harm society
4. Must own the underlying assets
5. Must share profits and losses
Bitcoin as a medium of exchange allows avoiding interest-based money as per principle  which is unfortunately the basis of the modern nonconvertible fractional reserve fiat system we refer to as "money". Bitcoin also can mathematically ensure principle  is being adhered to, because blockchain.
Regarding  my personal opinion is that at this present time, stipulating a contract in bitcoin could constitute "excessive uncertainty" due to its inherent volatility. My personal advice would be to stipulate the contract in a less volatile currency such as USD and use BTC as the wire (that's what we're doing) with an agreed upon exchange rate calculation.
There's some nice academic work in this area evaluating some of the functions and properties of bitcoin and how they can benefit Islamic finance. Here's a link to a scholarly paper on the topic: 
Edit: fixed confusing sentence, rephrased as "avoiding interest-based money as per principle  
@_date: 2015-05-06 04:49:22
Yes, and we absolutely plan to allow anyone to invest in the future! Our vision is that anyone from anywhere in the world can make profitable "micro investments" into developing areas to help eliminate poverty by funding micro-entrepreneurs. The decision to restrict to only accredited investors at the moment is driven primarily by US securities laws since doing a "general solicitation" of the public is about the most heavily regulating thing you can do.
@_date: 2015-01-28 21:10:32
"Seriously, try writing it." Well played.
@_date: 2015-05-06 17:27:36


Naturally we want to win in all the emerging markets. We picked Indonesia as our first market because there is a) huge opportunity and B) clearly defined regulatory landscape. Our initial investors are from the USA, and we have a steady stream of US-based Muslims and non-Muslims alike who want to invest once we open up the platform for public investing. 
- Pakistan is huge in terms of market, but also huge in terms of challenges with rule of law (or lack thereof). Even so, it would be huge if we could get the model right with good regional partners. 
- India has 180 million or so Muslims, but is often viewed as "ambiguously regulated"
- Iraq is massive and will see so much redevelopment over the next decade (hopefully the security situation improves)
- Turkey is already quite developed but it seeing a recent reinvigoration of Islamic finance
- Eastern Europe is experiencing a lot of growth within microfinance
- North Africa is ripe for microfinance development but; Morocco, for example, has terrible banking infra with no real sharia banking sector, but also has capital controls and projectionist policy thanks to His Majesty King Mohammed VI owning a major stake in the small handful of banks allowed to operate inside Morocco.
TL;DR: undecided where next; loads of opportunity globally but lots of legal and regulatory stuff to navigate
@_date: 2013-11-01 07:21:58
Matthew here (Founder of Bitcoin by Mobile). I made the site early this year (launched in March) because when people kept asking me "what's the easiest way to just try bitcoin" I never really had a good answer. Most of the people I talked to who were interested in bitcoin just wanted to start by spending around $5; they just wanted to check things out and really didn't care all that much about fees.
J1Z is right about the telecom fees ... most mobile phone companies take around a 60% cut of the action! 
By the way, I made this video to show how it works for those who are interested:  