@_author: matrx10503
@_date: 2017-05-17 15:18:25
Problem solved:
I ended up backing up my 12 word phrase. Imported into another wallet (copay). It took a second, but it updated and showed my funds as received.
I opened up Jaxx again and surely enough the balance was now shown with all my previous TXs as if nothing ever happened... after copay did.
The last time Jaxx did this no balance thing...I just reset the cache and eventually the balance showed up. This time took more effort I guess?
That's why I couldn't understand why or what had changed to the resetting process.
 ^^^^ Thats the reason I didn't backup, because AFAIK resetting the cache was not suppose to cause me to permanently lose my balance. As all the previous private keys are still linked IF you don't uninstall the program and delete the appdata/roaming folder files.
Thanks for the momentary ignorance though.
@_date: 2017-05-16 22:29:27
I'm done with Jaxx.....i've had issues from the start (and I havn't used it in over 6 months)
I try it again today.......no funds ever show in in the wallet.
Blockchain has 16 confirmations.
Now I did a cache reset and now have a zero balance (I had 10 cent before the reset).
Did not do a backup, so bye bye to close to $200 worth of btc.....
Support ticket:  
@_date: 2017-05-17 13:54:04
Being proactive here:
In the old version of Jaxx, when I got Tools&gt;Display Private Keys
I see all the btc addys that were created. The wallet btc address that the missing funds were sent to is in the list also along with the after cache reset wallet address. So all the address are showing on the old version I used.
In the new version, the btc addy that the missing funds were sent to is not in the list, just the newly after cache reset addresses.
Can I try to export and import into another wallet or something?
(Since the missing funds btc address is still in the list of previous used btc private keys)
@_date: 2017-05-17 13:35:46
Support just replied with a simple "try the new version"
So that means I can give up on trying to recover my BTC now??? I just want to know when to give up.
With the new version...as you can guess... everything is the same. It initializes the "your current btc address", which is staying the same addy as it was after I reset the cache (so that means something is stored client side on my PC until you reset the cache...I guess in the AppData\Roaming folder) 0 balance no transactions.