@_author: matrym
@_date: 2015-01-17 23:06:51
In Japan's case, it's my understanding that they're "spraying money onto their economy" in order to prevent more drastic economic problems than inflation (joblessness, etc.).  Since we don't know what things would look like if they didn't inject money into their economy, I don't think it's fair to say that their current state isn't the better of two bad options.  Call me naive, but I'm willing to assume that their economists are more qualified to make these calls than you or me (though I don't know your qualifications).
Seizability could be argued as good or bad in the same way that police could be good or bad.  In fact, your example of Nazis persecuting Jews emphasizes the accuracy of the metaphor.  They misused the power of police, but I still want to live in a society with police.  Inappropriate asset forfeiture is a problem, but I think the problem is with the conditions upon which the power is leveraged, not the power itself.  I think the pros outweigh the cons on this.
I agree with your review of the decentralized nature of bitcoin, and why it is necessarily the case given the construction of it programmatically.  I also think it's quite magical.  But a part of me wonders whether or not you're explaining away the wild fluctuations in value as demand shocks in a manner that you would criticize if it were about the Yen.  Perhaps you can expound upon your thoughts on why (or how) the market is incentivized to absorb these shocks, and how you believe the size of the market will reduce the size of the shocks.
Quick side note: I'm personally a small value bitcoin owner and am willing to bet that there are ~10% odds that it will see 20x growth.  In particular, I think it will become appealing to nations with hyperinflation as a more stable form of transactional currency (after the speculation bubble fully bursts).  But I'm asking the above questions because I enjoy the conversation and am interested in poking at points others bring up that I am as of yet unconvinced by.
@_date: 2015-01-17 09:24:29
Good point on not needing a blockchain.  I guess I wanted to suggest something indistinguishable from bitcoin, aside from it being directly tied to the dollar.  There are obvious advantages to that.
In a world where bitcoin is obviously threatening to overtake the dollar, don't you think the US Gov would finally respond with e-cash?
@_date: 2015-01-17 09:27:40
My smile was a concession that I don't drive dollar bills to amazon.  It was also, I think, a kind response to a straw man argument (I never made that claim).  
I would agree that dollars also have that magical property, through banks, which charge merchants for the fairy dust.
@_date: 2015-01-17 08:11:44
Gotcha.  Although, if there were a dominant player in the bit/dollar conversion game, and if their transaction process were linked to a checking account and instantaneous, then theoretically something like this could happen:
0) Coinbase has 100 bitcoins on hand
1) Consumer buys 100 bitcoins from Coinbase for $100
2) Consumer pays Target 100 bitcoins for a widget
3) Target sells 100 bitcoins to Coinbase for $100
4) Coinbase resumes having 100 bitcoins on hand
If the above process took 1 second, then the theoretical circulation value of each bitcoin would be the number of seconds in a day.  In practice, this would of course be less to account for buffer and the fact that there are more points of exchange than Coinbase, but the point remains the same.
@_date: 2015-01-17 22:28:53
True, the process I described is unnecessary.  I meant it to be an oversimplification.  If I have a pre-existing coinbase account (or in reflection, a g wallet, PayPal acct, or other epayment platform) I could choose to pay with it instead of credit card.  I would be willing to do this for a reduced purchase price. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 09:33:10
I understand why it's decentralized, and therefore has the properties you listed.  I'm sure you've thought more about this than I have, and I'm honestly asking how a currency with these properties is better than a currency with the inverse properties?
Centralization (and nationalization) gives the fed power to buffer and stabilize fluctuations in valuation.
Seizability and censorship is a good tool to use against criminal activity.
Inflation, when small, can be good for the economy.
@_date: 2015-01-17 09:12:33
It's kind of you to give me the benefit of the doubt on being intoxicated. Unfortunately, I don't have that excuse. But anyway, my title is quoting Satoshi:










and one special, magical property:


If it somehow acquired any value at all for whatever reason, then anyone wanting to transfer wealth over a long distance could buy some, transmit it, and have the recipient sell it.
Maybe it could get an initial value circularly as you’ve suggested, by people foreseeing its potential usefulness for exchange. (I would definitely want some) Maybe collectors, any random reason could spark it.
He doesn't list decentralization as a critical element of bitcoin there, or in any other quotes I'm familiar with:
I know it being trustless is important to a lot of the early adopters and probably a number of people on this subreddit, but I don't actually believe it's important to the investors, startups, or mass audience that could potentially adopt a cryptocurrency.  
Could you perhaps explain to me how the US Dollar being centralized, trusted, seizable, censorable, and slightly inflationary has been a bad thing for me?  I can think of a few ways in which they've been positive...
@_date: 2015-01-17 09:35:07
I've been to vendors that decline card usage under $10, or charge for its use at all.  Those who don't just increase the price of their products to account for that charge.  The fee hits you, but it's hidden.
@_date: 2015-01-17 10:09:46
So I think this gets to the crux of my truly intended question.  I don't know JP Morgan's patents, but I speculate that a centralized and backed digital currency could beat out Bitcoin in the long run, so long as the fees are substantially low. 
An interesting startup pushing on stock trading sites is Robin Hood, which offers zero fee trades.  They're just modernizing an industry and dropping unnecessary fees.  It seems like this could also be done for digital currency transactions, and that this might render Bitcoin moot.  
I suppose PayPal could have done this, but instead charged just below rates by banks, the closest competitor at the time.  Now that Bitcoin exists, there could be pressure to charge closer to zero. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 09:15:45
:).  One pays with credit cards through banks, and they charge a high fee for the service.  I think this is one of the compelling arguments to take the transaction process out of banks hands.
@_date: 2015-01-17 09:38:49
Bro-slice, the internet itself is magical.  So is the concept and execution of a blockchain.
But anyway, if you read my other comments, you'll see that the title is actually a partial quote from Satoshi when he's describing a theoretical mundane metal, which has a magical quality that a stone could never have.  I understand your confusion, given the lack of context.