@_author: matsuin
@_date: 2019-03-13 21:51:49
I have witnessed the manipulation first hand for well over a year and I have to say it's frustrating but at the same time, it's somewhat predictable. Every single market is 100% manipulated by these big players. I call him "Spoofy". The bot trading is exactly as you said. The majority of the orders you see in the order book are in fact fake orders. Especially at the market price he uses hundreds of coins to instill buying or selling pressure. The strategy is a long-con so don't expect to make money day trading bitcoin because of this. Spoofy ensures there's no real gains at any given time so people can't make money off it which is why you see stable prices for months at a time and then sudden moves. 
You'll also notice the spikes in the market that happen at weird times of the day (typically when volume is the lowest). He loves to pump the market around 2am. This is not natural adoption haha. It kills me when people claim natural adoption when i witness this manipulation on a daily basis. Don't be stupid. 
I still have faith that bitcoin will see big gains again but it will happen at a time when nobody expects it. When it seems like people have lost interest, it will spike again. Money generates excitement and buying but in order to scam the most people out of their money, bitcoin has to go through these boom and bust cycles that we've seen over and over again. Because that fear scares people into selling low, and the excitement encourages people to buy high.
@_date: 2019-03-29 08:10:32
It's crazy how manipulated the markets are and how low the volume is on some of these exchanges. Each and every coin. I watch it every day. I'm just waiting for bitcoin to make its move again. Although I'm long on bitcoin, I'm not playing that game right now. There's money to be made during these 10-70% pumps I've witnessed the past few weeks. Don't be greedy though...these pump and dumps happen quick. You have to be watching the live trading to see it in action but it's aggressive and it's intelligent...
@_date: 2019-04-01 22:12:11
Steady pumping is exactly how you manipulate a market to pull in new investors. Just slow and steady enough to create excitement. Ideally you want to do this before some bullish news is dropped to really pump the price up. I believe that this is exactly how bitcoin reached 20k in the first place. A combination of extreme manipulation and speculation. I've learned a lot about market manipulation the past few years. A lot of it is just common sense but people don't have a lot of common sense when they let their emotions drive their financial decisions. I recommend reading this if you wanna learn some basics about market manipulation!
@_date: 2018-02-21 22:36:12
@_date: 2018-02-23 22:37:38
I have been eyeing bitcoin like a hawk since November when I made my first $700 investment on Coinbase. I quickly learned that GDAX would be the way to trade from there on out so I transferred my BTC. I found myself spending countless hours monitoring the order book, trading history, and graphs. I was unemployed and had a nice savings so I could manage to waste some time. If you ask me, it is very clear that there is one big player or group of trading bots that is manipulating the price of Bitcoin. I have referred to this entity as "Spoofy" and he has a very predictable trading pattern. Spoofy uses multiple manipulation techniques to cause volatility in the market. It isn't always predictable right away because he uses a technique called "painting the tape" to mask orders in the order book. He is good at keeping his orders from filling and his ability to do so at that speed is inhuman so it must be trading bots. Typically if you see a big plunge from the normal pace, that is Spoofy driving the price down with his market share. You can tell because he is ALWAYS in the trade history with the huge trades. Usually anywhere between 5-60 BTC you will see. These big block trades are often accompanied by small filler trades that are just meant to scare traders into selling. Usually 0.001000 or 0.100000 for instance. Spoofy's share of market cap remains relatively stable throughout his cycles though. After today, it looks like he holds enough to cause volatility of about 10% in either direction.
I have only ever traded on the GDAX/coinbase exchange. I have done some research to see if anyone else has seen the same thing and the are a couple articles that have called out the same entity. Some call him Spoofy or Picasso. Honestly though, after witnessing the last year of misinformation and with Trump winning the election mostly due to fake news, I would not be surprised at all if big banking institutions owned a majority share and were manipulating the price to cheat investors out of their money. Volatility is good for Spoofy....he makes a shit ton of money whenever it happens and he'll use any news as a driving force for that volatility. Also consider the possibility that these articles are written by journalists paid by a specific interest group. I find it odd that many countries have flip-flopped on their stance of cryptocurrencies several times and every time it was a false alarm. Even people from other countries were saying the media was spreading misinformation. We are in a scary age of misinformation and the internet is the source of this this. Blockchain could solve the issue of fake news. Zuckerberg and the Winklevoss twins have already proposed this idea.... It's interesting that our government is being so slow to act on regulating when they stick their noses in everything else. Perhaps they (big banks/government) are profiting off this unregulated market through manipulation tactics which would otherwise be illegal in a regulated market.....
Also, it's a weird coincidence that all major banks decided to block transactions with credit cards and even some debit cards right when bitcoin was bottoming out. This would be a good opportunity for banks to jump in while preventing everyone else from buying cheap bitcoins.....I'm sorry if this all sounds like a giant conspiracy theory, but I truly believe this and I think there's too much evidence supporting it and too many coincidences for me to be totally off base. 
Here is Spoofy buying through a sell-wall to gain momentum in the market. There's a good chance he drove the market through his own sell-wall to take profits. His strategy hasn't changed since I've caught onto it....He does this until there's too much pressure and then you'll see a big sell-off. Volatility is the key for Spoofy. He buys large amounts of bitcoin at every interval and can profit with almost every trade as long as  he can maintain control of the market. Typically, you'll see much stronger manipulation when there's less interest/trading.
@_date: 2018-02-24 21:45:58
Thanks for sharing! It's nice knowing I'm not the only one.... Whenever I bring this up to other people they just shut me out and it makes me feel like an idiot. But the manipulation is clear as day if you just monitor the order book and trade history side-by-side. Spoofy is literally always trading 24/7 and he is especially aggressive when the trading volume is low (below ~20k BTC in a 24hr period.) This makes sense because the lower trading volume means he owns a greater percentage of the market which means it's easier to manipulate. The key thing to watch for is his volume of trading and the amount of "effort" he has to put in to drive the price in his favor. If you see huge trades in the trade history, especially at buy/sell walls, that is Spoofy creating volatility. I promise you it's the same pattern every time though. He puts pressure on the market in the form of open orders on the side he wants the market to move and he tries to stay behind everyone else's orders so his don't fill (the point is to buy/sell as little as possible during the manipulation phase). He continues to drive the price until there's too much pressure and then he does a 180 and puts all his pressure on the opposite side to  "flush out" the buyers/sellers that are on the fence. He does this because he needs to maintain that volatility and if he does this fast enough, he can flush out the buyers/sellers and then just buy/sell coins after the flush with no immediate pressure since he just flushed them out. If he kept the pressure in a single direction the whole time, eventually the price becomes  stagnant and people are just buying and selling at roughly the same price. That is no good for Spoofy cause he would just lose money in the form of trading fees. 
@_date: 2018-02-21 07:13:14
I have been eyeing bitcoin like a hawk since November when I made my first $700 investment on Coinbase. I quickly learned that GDAX would be the way to trade from there on out so I transferred my BTC. I found myself spending countless hours monitoring the order book, trading history, and graphs. I was unemployed and had a nice savings so I could manage to waste some time. If you ask me, it is very clear that there is one big player or group of trading bots that is manipulating the price of Bitcoin. I have referred to this entity as "Spoofy" and he has a very predictable trading pattern. Spoofy uses multiple manipulation techniques to cause volatility in the market. It isn't always predictable right away because he uses a technique called "painting the tape" to mask orders in the order book. He is good at keeping his orders from filling and his ability to do so at that speed is inhuman so it must be trading bots. Typically if you see a big plunge from the normal pace, that is Spoofy driving the price down with his market share. You can tell because he is ALWAYS in the trade history with the huge trades. Usually anywhere between 5-60 BTC you will see. These big block trades are often accompanied by small filler trades that are just meant to scare traders into selling. Usually 0.001000 or 0.100000 for instance. Spoofy's share of market cap remains relatively stable throughout his cycles though. After today, it looks like he holds enough to cause volatility of about 10% in either direction. Let me know if you have any further questions!!!!
@_date: 2018-02-24 01:03:21
I do agree with you on your talking points here and people like me definitely do cause greater volatility. However, I was able to get my original $700 investment up to 0.67 BTC during the initial price surge and by trading with the daily fluctuations. When it fell, my investment was still caught up in bitcoin and I haven't sold since. So while I do agree that the long term strategy is a good one, it's also worked in my favor to day trade. I plan on HODLing at least a portion of my investment until my day-trading luck runs out.