@_author: mattwiz
@_date: 2018-08-11 16:42:23
This does not include the price of hardware which changes these values. 
@_date: 2018-06-05 05:45:54
Hey man, although I’m pro btc and decentralization, the more banking adopts btc in backend reserves, the better it is for all of us. Although they will use btc, we also have the power to use btc not through them. It’s a bright future ahead. The LN will make btc massively adopted. Think of all the noobs who cannot understand btc. They cannot use btc like how we do, they need a third party to help them like banks, but as long as they are using a decentralized currency like btc we all win. 
@_date: 2018-06-03 06:49:58
The guy is a Bch shill. So many of them in this sub. Jesus, they spend a lot of money paying shills to censor this sub and reddit with their nonsense 
@_date: 2018-06-05 05:56:08
I mean the guy makes 100 calls and is right a small percent of the time. If I call random bs it’s likely to happen one time if I do it enough then I can make everyone forget the times I called something and was wrong. Turns out none of these guys know. All I know is smart money and banking is lookin at BTC much more seriously and that’s why I’m bullish. 
@_date: 2018-06-12 23:43:58
My comments to this article when it was posted on the eth sub - I got downvotes and the post was later removed. Some censoring maybe...:
Although Eth has been a good development model and pushed blockchain tech, its been clear that security issues are not priority to them in terms of a store of value/currency. This is why they consider sharding, and it is why they have had turing complete contracts. There is a difference here between a platform and a store of value where people keep comparing eth with btc. In terms of an interesting platform that allows devs to create dApps, eth is fine for that - as a store of value or source of currency, eth lacks to secure the most important thing about being a source of currency/value which is blockchain security. 
Sharding... there are several purposes behind it. 1 big one is scaling. The eth Blockchain size right now exceeds 1 TB of downloaded data and it’s only 3 years old. Can you imagine in another 6 years, it would be at least 3 times bigger, at least. To solve and account for this, they have split the chain into segments where nodes only need to verify certain segments. This allows pockets of issues if an attacker wants to redirect transactions that get verified through segments. Essentially, you split up the chain and reduce the amount of verification on each transaction - that’s a big no no. Sacrificing for tps ON CHAIN should not be something to be considered if it means risking transaction spoofing. Off chain mechanisms are needed to increase scaling in terms of TPS and that is what NEO is doing. Too much data moving on chain can centralize the network down the line. 10 years from now, can you imagine having to download a 10+ TB size chain? Nope, only a few will do it. Again, sharding has a big issue when it comes to block verification and transaction spoofing. 
Eth processes more tps than bitcoin because it’s a 1tb+ chain and only 3 years old lol. I would rather consider the trade off of node centralization over “tps” which can be solved off chain. Anyways, like I said before - for a digital currency and store of value to be successful it should not be prone to failure, at least designed with that in mind. Eth is centralized with their chain data, and only getting worse, introducing sharding will centralize shards even more - it’s not really a great solution. FOR a platform to build dApps on its fine though. 
@_date: 2018-06-05 05:51:17
Comparing btc with shit like Zencash. Article is crap. Btc cannot be attacked, the title is invalid. “Not enough rental computing power in the world to attack bitcoin”. Garbage article. 
@_date: 2018-06-05 05:49:17
A global decentralized currency is important for the future to grow into what it needs to grow into. The more people come into this world, the more risk we all have. 
@_date: 2018-06-07 03:07:59
What the world needs. This will be the key step into adoption and creating that 2nd to 3rd layer that hides bitcoin and provides easy payment protocols for regular users. It’s already clear bitcoin will be the bigger digital currency for a very long time, the steps for providing frameworks to allow for adoption are being created. Great news, the world is changing slowly. 
@_date: 2018-06-08 15:03:19
Blockchain was invented way before bitcoin. It’s not SUPER impressive tech(still good tech), all it is, is a linked list which uses sha hash to verify each block. We have been using linked lists in developing software for 30+ years - the interesting part is the P2P use case which bitcoin created as a solution for digital currency. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 00:41:05
That’s not true. Any spv wallet like brd or LoafWallet relies on no third party servers. Look up what SPV wallets are. 