@_author: matthewjosephtaylor
@_date: 2015-06-13 00:49:55
I think you are correct that ossification is a challenge. As code gets embedded in hard to upgrade places (hardware wallets is the typical example) and adoption becomes broader (IPv6) change becomes harder over time.
However, I would disagree that the current debate proves that consensus to change is extremely difficult. If anything I would say it is a good example of how the community is coming together to recognize and solve a problem.
It is important to understand that as of this moment the block size isn't an *immediate* problem. It is a future problem, and one that is being taken very seriously by all parties involved. The debate as far as I can see has been a healthy one of everyone getting their say, attempting to prove their points with logic, facts, and appeals to the computer science literature.
There is still time to pick and implement a solution and because the debate has taken place there is every reason to feel confident that whatever solution is adopted many people will agree with it (probably the vast majority of users).
I agree that over time this process will only get harder, but there is also every reason to think that there will be less need to make 'large scale' changes as the software improves. For instance it appears that just today there was some sort of agreement that instead of a single blocksize that the blocksize should be automatically adjusted per the protocol similar to how the difficulty adjusts. 
Personally I don't think this means that Bitcoin perfectly modifiable and will morph into all things for all people (specialized blockchains such as namecoin, etherium, etc, are almost certainly going to co-exist). But I do think it has a good shot at being flexible enough to stand the test of time at being what it claims to be: a payment network.
@_date: 2014-01-24 20:17:52
The thing that will rest on top of Bitcoin, and could eventually be used by most/all of humanity as an integral part of their lives?
One of the more interesting/disruptive things Bitcoin allows for is a truly distributed cloud space for running applications.
There is now a reasonable mechanism for paying individuals extremely small amounts, anonymously/cheaply/safely,  to rent out their bandwidth/cpu where ever they are in the world. The current fad for instance is for people to use spare computing resources to mine alt-coins, but eventually I think it will be more profitable to rent out those machine resources directly.
Once that happens I think the structure of the internet itself shifts, from what is currently a client-server model, to more of a true peer to peer network.
This will allow for things like a truly free digital bazaar to come into being. A global ebay-like set of services where anything can be bought or sold without restriction from anywhere in the world.
If such a thing came into being, I think it would be hard for a person to avoid in their daily lives. Buying from Amazon is neat, but if you could buy directly from Amazon's suppliers in a cheap/fast/safe way, why not cut out the middle man? 
I can imagine a distributed (owned by no-one) 'app' that would allow me to quickly/efficiently browse *every vender in the world* all at once for a good or service. There would be huge motivations for both suppliers and consumers to join such a marketplace, which isn't possible today (even by a giant like Amazon or Wallmart) thanks to endless government regulations.
The analogy would be:
* Bitcoin = TCP/IP
* Bitcloud = HTTP
* Bitmazon/Bitzaar/Bitbay = Firefox/Chrome/IE 
Like the internet, Bitcloud would be the hidden thing nobody but the geeks would see/appreciate, but it would form the basis of the real revolution.
The Bitmazon software (and endless clones) would likely be coded by the same freedom loving glory-seeking hackers that brought us Firefox, Apache, etc.
I fully expect the internet of the 2020s to look nothing like the internet of today, and for today's internet to be thought of the same way we view the old AOL 'walled-garden', if Bitcoin fulfills its promises (and I see no reason why it won't).
@_date: 2014-04-26 13:53:06
The comic is sort of amusing, but mostly hateful.
I have to give credit that the comic is at least worthy of a chuckle, unlike most of the previous.
However, the hateful tone is off-putting.
If it was just this one comic, maybe it wouldn't be a big deal. But the other comics in this series makes it clear that most of what drives the person writing it isn't a desire to be funny, but a desire to cause pain.
In my mind this sort of comedy is no different than a nigger joke told by that one really racist dude in a bar full of white people.
It's obvious the dude telling the racist joke is a racist asshole, but what really creeps me out is the number of people who openly laugh at the joke. 
It's not about whether the base of the joke is funny or not. It's the message the approval of the joke signals to everyone who both hears the joke and the laughter. It's OK and ACCEPTED to *hate* this thing being ridiculed.
At the time I write this post this comic has a (65% like it) rating, which I find more disturbing than the comic itself.
I want to be clear that I'm not calling the comic-writer a racist. But they are using the same kind of hateful humor and I am calling them out on that.
Is hating doge as bad as hating a person just because of their race?
No, it's not, but it is a step in the same direction. 
Ultimately, these kind of jokes speak to the underlying fears and insecurity of the person doing the hating/joking, and there is no reason for it.
Does it really matter what the color of the person is who first steps on the surface of mars? Does it really matter what the name of the coin(s) are that ultimately succeed in the marketplace?
(I would like to ask that those who downvote my post to please leave a comment as to why, and if you don't, then I ask you to think about why you are afraid to do so. I spent 1/2 hour writing this, you can spend 60 seconds to tell me why I'm wrong.)
@_date: 2014-01-14 14:51:24
I think there are 'healthy' concerns for Bitcoin and there are 'unhealthy' concerns for Bitcoin.
I would classify the 'must adopt mBtc to make the currency appear cheaper to the uninformed' as an unhealthy concern.
The only people I can imagine this is an issue for is those wishing to pump the value of BTC as high as possible as quickly as possible.
It is the sort of discussion I imagine takes place on most of the alt-coin discussion boards. Because most of those coins don't offer anything of real value, they are mostly concerned with how to best advertise their coin of choice, so that it gains as much attention as possible as quickly as possible from the general public (before anyone looks too deep).
Nobody who understands how Bitcoin is valuable to their business or their individual economic wellbeing is going to give a shit whether it is 10,000 units or 0.00001 units they have to deal with when transacting.
All this discussion does is clutter the subreddit and make it look that Bitcoin's value proposition might indeed be a bit questionable, if this is indeed allowed to be an important topic of debate.
So please, for the love of Bitcoin, stop harping on mBTC.  It will either happen naturally as a convenient shorthand, or it won't. Either way makes little difference.
@_date: 2014-09-25 15:35:28
I'm a software developer/unix person and can give some limited insight into nature of this and what it means.
I'm not a security expert. Don't treat this as advice on what to do!
This is a bug in the command shell. This is the piece of software that executes commands like "run application X". The windows equivalent is the 'command prompt'.
How this will likely be exploited:  Some web servers use the command shell when serving dynamic content (content that changes depending on what the user sent it, unlike a 'static web page'). This is an 'old fashioned' technique from back in the earliest days of the web. In essence the web server would take the web request and transform it into execution parameters for a script. Run the script. And then direct the output of the script to the user as the content of 'web page'.
The exploit takes advantage of the way in which web parameters (the stuff like 'after ' ) are transformed into things a shell script can understand. The parameters are transformed into environment variables. These variables *should* just contain data like 'that the script will use as input, but it appears that the shell can be tricked into executing the variable instead.
It is important to note that this way of using the command shell to execute programs for network-related services is not unique to 'web servers'. This is why things like DHCP might be affected (because a DHCP server is kind of like a specialized web server).  
WARNING:  THE BELOW IS MY OPINION ONLY!!!
Hackers will use this to mainly target websites. Almost any modern computer with a unix-like OS is somewhat vulnerable (hence Apple/Linux) because there might be a network facing service, but web servers are the low hanging fruit.
What I plan on doing:
1. Keep my OS updated and apply security patches when they are offered. (I anticipate that most OS venders will have a security patch within the next few days).
2. Be suspicious of downloading any new software from any website for the next few days.
3. Be aware that any websites I visit may be hacked. So I will continue to use good security practices (only one password per website, don't give personal details I don't have to, assume that the website is currently hacked or will be in the future, etc...)
In general I don't plan on freaking out too much about it, but I am going to be extra suspicious of any websites I visit for the next few weeks.
@_date: 2014-04-29 16:21:57
Yep, agreed. 
That is why I called it a 'bland article'. Nothing particularly novel/interesting about anything discussed.
The odd assumption regarding Bitcoin's non-use as a medium of exchange is the most interesting takeaway from the article.
@_date: 2014-06-06 13:11:22
It makes one wonder why a person with that sort of mindset would want to support a technology like Bitcoin.
The irony is palpable.
He must REALLY believe in the money making potential of the technology, to invest in something that so clearly goes against his basic principles and core beliefs.
@_date: 2014-05-10 18:22:34
Thanks. :)
@_date: 2014-03-16 02:19:05
Not most (although I'm sure the % is pretty high and growing), but it is safe to say, I think, that most people make *some* form of purchase with a credit card every day (in a modern economy).
I wouldn't call a person who made 1 credit card purchase a year a real 'user' of the credit card system, just because they happen to have access to a CC account they almost never use. Same with Bitcoin.  Although I will grant that one could count savers as users to some degree (since they are 'using' the system as a store of wealth, assuming their accounts are large enough to count as 'wealth' and not just small change).
Still, I'm amazed at the vibrancy and robustness of the Bitcoin economy at such a small scale. Makes one wonder what the world will look like, when the number of users does become millions.
P.S. Code harder/faster! I'm excited to see how Ethereum is going to play into this brave new world. :)
@_date: 2014-03-21 15:00:46
I generally enjoy this podcast. Dubner (the writer) has a fairly strong 'liberal' bias that can at times color the stories that are presented. Levit (the economist) is the one I will be paying attention to, as I often find his views insightful.
My guess is that Dubner will play the role of the skeptic, and that Levit will think Bitcoin will be good for doing economic research (public transactions) but otherwise will have a neutral/empirical/wait-and-see perspective tinged with a bit of excitement about seeing how the novel experiment plays out.
The quality of the guests will be telling. I hope it is an interesting examination that gets to the heart of why Bitcoin is revolutionary. I fear Dubner will feel compelled to frame discussion as a typical  pro-vs-con 'debate'.
@_date: 2014-07-22 12:17:20
I think there are three general 'areas of attack' concerning Bitcoin.
1. Technological
2. Social
3. Economic
From a tech standpoint there are a few things that could go wrong: Things like ECC, or SHA256 gets broken, or an efficient mechanism for filtering/blocking p2p traffic on a global scale becomes cost effective. Centralization/51%/Scalability can all be dealt with via modifying the protocol if needed and so aren't a *real* concern IMHO. I don't think Bitcoin will ever become a technological failure but it is obviously always going to be a possibility.
From a social perspective the threats are that Bitcoin becomes stigmatized in some fashion that no-one would want to be associated with it. There is a libertarian vibe to Bitcoin that puts some people off, but that also makes it attractive to others. Since we are at the point of Dell, Expedia, and 800-flowers taking Bitcoin, it is hard to imagine it becoming stigmatized to death. Countries could outright ban it which would influence its price but it would still function and work and 'route around' such laws.
For my money the biggest threat is economic.
Bitcoin is like Pandora's box and nobody is quite sure how it is all going to work out in the end. I think the closest modern equivalent is when John Law 'created' the idea of paper money in France in the 18th century. It is ironic in that Bitcoin is more-or-less a direct response to and the opposite of such paper money, but the 'newness' of the economic experiment is what I'm getting at.
Bitcoin *really* does have the potential to change how *global* finance, trade, etc happen. We joke about things like a $1 Million Bitcoin but it is legitimately *possible*, maybe even probable. And if it does happen then it might lead to the ultimate bubble of all bubbles and maybe the ultimate crash of all crashes.
We've already seen at least 3 bubble-like episodes in Bitcoin's short history. It has the potential to gain *extreme* amounts of value in the blink of an eye. It also has the potential to lose a lot of that value just as quickly.
Once serious investors have mechanisms for buying bitcoins (people who can buy and sell billions of $'s worth via Bitcoin ETFs) Bitcoin will have a 'high-speed/high-bandwidth' connection to the rest of the world's *financial* system.
You might have noticed that the world's banking/financial system isn't exactly 'robust' at the moment and has proven it has great difficulty handling quick change smoothly.
A million-dollar bitcoin might be a neat thing, but maybe not so neat if it comes at the cost of creating misery because a large fraction of the population is unemployed due to fiat currency suddenly losing its value before businesses and institutions can adjust.
To me if Bitcoin were to cause such a catastrophe it would be a failure. Ultimately it would likely survive such a happening, but the cost in terms of human misery might be too high a price to pay. Therefore, I believe that Bitcoin's most likely failure would be if it was introduced too quickly and too brutally upon a world unprepared for the consequences. I'd say the odds are about 50/50.
@_date: 2014-06-02 00:21:03
Wow.  That is horrible advice. Like borderline evil.
When a piece of security software produced by an anonymous entity closes down and states in BOLD RED on their website:
**WARNING:** Using TrueCrypt is not secure as it may contain unfixed security issues
You have to take that warning seriously and migrate as soon as possible.
@_date: 2014-04-01 00:51:10
Krugman is the most high-profile IMHO.
From the articles I've read his understanding is weak. He appears mostly offended by Bitcoin's anti-Kensian economics. He uses simple arguments designed to inspire FUD rather than argue an actual point. Similar to a creationists arguing against evolution, he picks up whatever argument is easily to hand, 'sounds good' to a mass audience, and is likely to gain attention. I think he is afraid that *if* Bitcoin were to gain popularity that it would challenge the current system, which he prefers to a  free market.
Most high-profile business-people that are against Bitcoin are typically of the 'I don't understand it' camp (Buffet is the primary example). Hard to really call them anti-Bitcoin, more like skeptical.
In all actually I think the best/most impassioned argument against Bitcoin I've read was done by Charles Stross the sci-fi author:
It struck me as odd that a sci-fi author would be against such a cool new technology. I think Stross articulates the underlying reason to be anti-bitcoin.  It isn't about economics, it's about politics. The reason to be anti-Bitcoin is because Bitcoin advances the libertarian political agenda.
If you like a strong welfare state then there is legitimate reason to dislike Bitcoin. This is the only solid objection to Bitcoin I'm aware of.
Good luck with your paper.
@_date: 2014-01-13 06:52:35
I think it is still an open question on if they 'can'.
From the way the law reads, individuals 'should' voluntarily report all capital gains. Similar to those who make purchases over the internet, from an out of state company, 'should' pay sales-tax in their purchases to their state.
Some portion of the tax-base will attempt to follow the letter of the law, and some portion won't. The more money is at stake, the greater the impulse to ignore the law, but also the greater the reward if the IRS can determine a way to document a violation.
IMHO aside from the specific case of speculators who register with an exchange (and enter and exit out of BTC from within that exchange) I would agree that the IRS would have a difficult time proving that capital gains were not reported.
I think it is incorrect to attempt to view any tax as 'fair' vs 'unfair'.  A case can be made both ways for *any* tax depending on if you are part of the group that is taxed, or the group that remains untaxed. Unless you are a sadist, nobody likes to be taxed. The better POV is to look at how efficient the tax is, and how much it distorts the economy (and then argue about if those distortions are 'good' or 'bad').
@_date: 2014-01-16 16:18:07
25% of revenues is significant, especially after two weeks when one would have expected the hype to die down.
Sex sells. 
Bitcoin right now isn't super-advantageous for consumers who want to buy a meal, or buy a computer online. From a consumer point of view the best Bitcoin offers is a potential reduction of price by eliminating the hidden 2-3% CC processing fee.
However, purchasing porn via Bitcoin offers a much better value proposition to the consumer. No fear of being scammed into hidden CC charges. No fear of an embarrassing sexual fetish being disclosed. No fear of having to explain a purchase to one's significant other. 
In order to gain wider adoption Bitcoin needs to offer the ordinary consumer a *significant* advantage over his or her current choices. A reason to go through the not-insignificant hassle of buying into a *volatile* currency.
I could see porn being that reason to go through the hoops to buy bitcoins, for a large segment of society who otherwise wouldn't bother.
First drugs, then porn, then you have enough 'ordinary' consumers familiar with and transacting with Bitcoin for it to start to be attractive to the Amazon's and Walmart's of the world.
@_date: 2014-01-02 18:12:17
So the people who want to enslave humanity created an economic super-tool specifically for libertarians?
Then what?
How do the evil slavers destroy the freedom loving libertarians by giving them such a powerful tool?
Or are you saying that the anarcho-capitalist/libertarians are themselves the slavers?
@_date: 2014-01-14 15:05:22
Misleading title.
The article is a discussion of why Bitcoin desperately needs a derivatives market to help stabilize the currency and reduce risk of large companies accepting Bitcoin payments.
If all that happened in 2014 is that a major, well funded player created an BTC options/futures market I would call it an excellent year for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-14 05:13:34
Why would you not want to be rattled?
Bitcoin isn't a religion, it is a technology.
Look into the details of the tech. If you like it, then build something cool with it, or use it. It's that simple.
If new news comes out that changes your opinion about the tech, then stop using or supporting it.
If you are a speculator, then the last thing you want is to 'believe' in the thing you are betting on. You want to be emotionally neutral while attempting to feel out what *other people* will think about the asset price in the future.
If you have political motivations, then use the technology to further the cause's goals. If the tech fails, the cause will still be there, and the ashes of the failed tech will likely fertilize the growth of the next tech to take its place.
If you are unsure of yourself and unsure what to do, and don't want to feel the pain of embarrassment or regret, then walk away from any activity that might cause such pain (we all have finite pain tolerance, no shame in admitting to your humanity).
The last thing you want to do is seek out reasons to ignore bad news, and cocoon yourself within a warm hive-mind of soothing strangers (especially anonymous strangers).
I would suggest (based on the fact you felt motivated to write this post) that:
If you have any significant amount of money tied up in Bitcoin or any speculative asset that you look to divest yourself at the first opportunity (you currently do not have what it takes to be a smart investor, and will almost certainly lose anything you temporarily win). Find a mentor, or find something else to do with your time and money.
If you are devoted to a political cause, then think deeply about if *you* think it is worth the sacrifice of your *self*. If it is, then it isn't a political movement for you. For you it has become a religion. Act accordingly. Also, stay the fuck away from me, and stay away from small children.
Lastly, if you truly just admire the technology for the sake of the technology, then stand back, enjoy its beauty, but realize that everything decays in time. Enjoy the moment, but don't hold on too tightly.
@_date: 2014-04-08 16:32:43
Not expressly copied. Just some stuff I picked up from when I was in Toastmasters.
Highly recommend if you are interested in improving your public speaking.
@_date: 2014-01-20 22:57:21
I think the real question is: The price almost always flat/boring, what causes the spikes?
If one looks at a price chart, there are long stretches of gentle up/down/neutral slopes which are punctuated by brief periods of brutal volatility, which leads to a new much higher flat period.
The spikes generally seem to correspond to a new 'class' of user becoming aware of/adopting Bitcoin.
At first it was only the hard-core crytpo-geeks that were aware of bitcoin. (the 10,000 BTC pizza).
Then the 'ordinary' computer geeks discovered Bitcoin (the first price spike to $10+)
Then the early-adopter merchants discovered Bitcoin (the second spike to $100+ )
Then the first international interest (China), and the first hints of 'Big Money Investors' start taking an interest (the latest $1000+ spike).
What appears to be happening is that with each rise, Bitcoin is breaking into new pools of people who (for them) *suddenly* become aware of Bitcoin. However, this new pool is eventually 'absorbed' and a new steady-state emerges.
Each new pool of people is dramatically larger than the last (or have dramatically larger resources at their disposal), which in turn causes the price to jump in big steps.
The question everyone is now asking is: where will the next new big pool come from?
If I had to bet, I would guess it would be Latin-America. After that (or in tandem) I think a combination of mid-sized retailers, and mid-sized international suppliers will drive adoption. 
I also think that we might be reaching a point where the 'flat' periods shrink into each other as new pools of users constantly start adopting.
It is hard to see a future where the price of bitcoin remains flat for periods longer than 6 months.
@_date: 2014-06-03 09:51:16
I'm not aware of any specific blockchains that are used only for voting. However, colored coins have the property of distinguishing voters from non-voters (owners of the colored coins from non-owners).
The hard part of a political voting system is vetting voters (making sure that only those entitled to vote have a vote).
No simple cheap digital solution for that problem :(
@_date: 2014-08-04 15:14:29
I agree with the basic premises of this article but I think this quote from Keynes applies:
"The market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent."
Just because in the long run something is guaranteed to happen, doesn't mean it will happen within any acceptable time period.
Religion is a great example. It seems pretty obvious that as people gain greater access to information, and greater freedoms to express themselves, that in the long run religion doesn't stand much of a chance. However, it wouldn't surprise me to learn that in 1000 years the Catholic Church is still going strong, or that people are still tragically dying over unresolvable claims on bits of dirt in the Middle East.
The most salient point of the article is that by choosing to support crypto currency you are making a strong political act, even if that isn't your intent. It doesn't mean that your chosen side will win, but you *are* choosing a side, and it is important to have that realization, so that an informed decision can be made.
*Nobody* believes that crypto currencies will strengthen government institutions. There is strong evidence that if blockchain technologies take off, that governments will lose substantial amounts of power and income.
The choice between holding and transaction in dollars vs bitcoins, is similar to the choice between donating to a religious organization and donating to a private charity. Part of the decision regardless of the how organization says they will use the money, is the decision of if providing support to that organization is morally acceptable.
Ignorance is always an option. But being a supporter of both strong government and Bitcoin is like being a religious person, and sending your child to a liberal arts college.
@_date: 2014-01-06 10:18:47
Probably your staffing company has an agreement with your employer that excludes the company from hiring you directly (although there are timeframes on those sorts of agreements and 6mo might be over the limit). Ask and find out.
Nest step would be to offer to work for a BTC salary (fixed in either BTC or in Dollars, I'd recommend Dollars at the moment). Since you would be saving 20-50% it would be reasonable to offer 10-25% reduction in your normal salary as an incentive.
The larger the business you are working for, the less likely it is they will go for it, but there is little harm in asking and much to be gained. Remember that businesses are always looking for ways to save costs.
Another route since you have a US bank account would be to link your US bank account with a bitcoin exchange and purchase bitcoins directly.
Once you have the bitcoins convert them locally using something like 
Most importantly, see what merchants in your area accept bitcoins (or would be willing to accept them if you offered to pay X% above peso price). I'm sure that some local small businesses would be happy to make a few % extra, and you would both walk away winners.
@_date: 2014-03-29 05:31:10
I think Marc's elevator pitch did a good job explaining and was about all the explanation needed. 
However, most of the rest of the show was mainly either ill-informed (the colored coin part was cringe-worthy, even worse than the Bryant Gumbel 'how do you pronounce  sound bite, and would/should have been cut had their been any real content), or banal (the usual stuff that has been talked about endlessly elsewhere (bubbles, drugs, etc)).
I'm not saying that it was a horrible show, just that it didn't bring much new to the table. I think if they had genuinely been interested in the topic they could have done a much better job getting to the 'hidden side' of Bitcoin (which is why one would listen to a Freakanomics podcast).
Here are some topics I would have liked to have seen discussed:
* How do economies work inside of a fixed-supply currency? Have there been empirical tests? (answer your friend's 'who decide's the price?' question, but in a deep way instead of the standard econ 101 supply/demand curve answer)
* Politics. Bitcoin is going to effect politics if it gets big, and this might be the real change people notice, even if they never touch  bitcoin. How is it likely to play out in various countries?
* The moral/ethical aspects of money, and how Bitcoin challenges the 'might makes right' received wisdom backing fiat currencies. Is it ethical for a central authority unilaterally decide to confiscate 2-3% of a poor persons wealth every year? Is Bitcoin even worse if it makes taxation more difficult?
As I said, it was a good 'what's Bitcoin?' show, but that show should have been done in 2012/13. I expected them to do a better job of digging in a bit deeper.
@_date: 2014-01-17 20:03:17


I would argue the opposite.  Rich people today have easy access to relatively risk-free investments with positive ROI (bonds, stock indexes, treasuries, etc.). Poor people today only have easy access to assets that decrease in value over time or need to be consumed relatively quickly (dollars, food, vehicles, etc). If the base currency becomes deflationary then the poor, for the first time in modern history, have *easy* access to a relatively safe asset that increases in value over time.
The poor in other words by *default* become investors in the global economy. Furthermore, since they have access to this new financial instrument, it is likely that this will change behavior and incentives. Instead of trying to consume as much as possible as quickly as possible, the incentive becomes to save and invest (which is the one thing that creates wealth and leads people out of poverty, unless you want to include theft as a viable alternative).
To look at it another way: the asset portfolio of the poor will always be tied up almost 100% in cash. In a Bitcoin-dominant future the poor will still have almost 100% of their assets in cash, but the cash will no longer lose value over time. This helps the poor vastly more than it does the rich, because the rich have almost 0% of their assets tied up in cash.


World GDP growth is around 2-3%/year, and one could assume this would be the deflationary rate of bitcoin once it reaches a steady state. This means that any business that can earn over 3% a year will have access to loans (with appropriate adjustments for risk). One could argue that this means that businesses that can't match this will be priced out of the loan market. That's fine, in fact that is a good thing. What this means is that their business is relatively unprofitable compared to the global 'norm', and shouldn't be financed. This is unlike today where an artificially low rate of interest encourages malinvestment and 'bubbles'.
All it really means for business and finance is that instead of a small group of individuals setting the risk-free interest rate (the FED in the US, the Bundesbank in Germany, and other central banks in other countries) the rate will instead be set 'naturally' via the free market.


A 2-3% annual rate of deflation is not going to change things very quickly in terms of wages. It means that over time McDonalds will simply slightly lower their starting wage every couple of years, instead of slightly increasing it, and will be slightly more stingy in terms of bonuses or raises.
If workers aren't improving their productivity by 2-3%/year, then it is likely they will simply be fired/replaced, which is a normal business practice today. Workers have to constantly improve their productivity in order for the business to remain competitive. Workers who merely stay 'even' in their productive output year over year have always been let go (or the business itself fails), and being paid in a deflationary currency doesn't change this.


Anything that enhances the efficiency of the global economy is going to disproportionally benefit the rich in absolute terms. The is just the nature of the economy, since the rich will always have a greater proportion of their wealth invested in assets that return a profit, and they have the excess capital needed to invest in risky enterprises for which there is a greater ROI. Anything that 'greases the wheels' to make the global GDP engine run smoother is going to benefit those who own companies and other productive resources within the economy.
However, it is also true that Bitcoin benefits the poor disproportionately to the rich since the asset in question (cash) is something the poor hold in greater proportion to the rich.
The key question to ask then is who loses? The big losers for a Bitcoin economy are those who today enjoy a special position in the financial ecosystem: Governments, banks, and businesses that cater to these enterprises. The 2% inflation that is today considered 'normal' is really a sort of hidden tax paid mostly by the poor in terms of rising prices for goods and services (since the rich avoid inflation via investment, and the businesses that cater to governments get to spend the newly created dollars first).
All-in-all a Bitcoin-based economy would be a *fairer* economy, where those in positions of power wouldn't be as able to use their authority to take from those who are weak and disorganized (which in most cases, but not always, will mean the poor).
@_date: 2014-04-30 14:53:58
I think this article is evidence we are moving towards an era where those who don't grasp Bitcoin are starting to view it as a panacea instead of a plague.
It's obvious the author is stretching what a blockchain is capable of, but rather than assuming the worst (blockchain trading systems will make insider trading easier because it is easier to stay anonymous) he is using magical thinking to over-optimistically assume the best (the glorious FCC will somehow 'know' who the bad actors are, even though it is opaque to everyone else, and this new 'blockchain' technology will finally make trading fair and transparent, problem sovled).
His scheme is a fairytale spun to gain recognition of himself and his business (look at me, I said something knowledgable-sounding while tying in the latest buzzwords to create a solution to the latest high publicity disaster). But it is a positive spin for Bitcoin, which is interesting.
I'm not a mass-psychologist but I think this signals a shift in how Bitcoin is now perceived by the general public.
Rather than being a scary, evil, corrupting technology, I think this article shows it is becoming accepted as a positive, hip technology. People are now defaulting to believing that *other people* view this technology in a positive light.
I think this is an important shift, because it means that rather than backing away from the technology (I don't want to be associated with drug dealers and murderers) ordinary people are now more likely to embrace it (I don't want to be left behind or be thought of as a stupid old fogey).
That is a big change in perception, and an important one, if true.
I look forward to a new crop of people who don't understand Bitcoin, yet automatically assume it is some sort of magical solve-everything stuff. It will be a refreshing change from the Luddites. :)
**tldr;** The article is a trashy, buzzword-filled non-solution to problem made recently popular to gain the author attention. But the buzzwords used in the solution were 'Bitcoin' and 'blockchain' which means those words now carry *positive* connotations vs *negative* ones to the general public, which in itself is interesting.
edit: changed wording of first sentence to add clarity.
@_date: 2014-01-24 21:06:04
* Banking/finance
* Government
Not likely to happen, but also not totally unimaginable.
More likely would be the retail sector (Amazon, Walmart).
It would be coolest to see nonprofits/charities latch onto Bitcoin in a big way.
@_date: 2014-01-06 14:39:47
Lol!  you're absolutely correct. I meant descendants. :)
@_date: 2014-05-22 18:35:03
It's difficult at times to distinguish a noob question/excitement from a troll.
It's therefore tempting to simply downvote a 'stupid' question/exclamation ('Is buying BitCoin now a good idea?', 'I bought a bit coin!', 'How do I use BITCOIN!?')
Here are the steps I personally use to determine whether I give them the benefit of the doubt:
1. I use RES ( to mouseover the user and see how old the account is. Anything less than two months is suspect. A high negative karma is suspect.
2. I glance at their post history. If they make regular non-Bitcoin related posts, I feel more confident they are a 'real noob' and not a troll wanting to waste my time.
3. I check the comments and hope some kind soul has already directed them to so I can upvote that comment.
I personally don't usually have the time or patience to answer most basic questions. I think a short link to is much nicer than a downvote, or ignoring the post.
If they are an old account, with lots of posts to a variety of subreddtis, and I'm in a good mood, I'll answer the question, because it feels good to help someone out who is struggling. If it turns out to be a troll, I still might end up helping a noob who had that question as well, but was to afraid of 'looking stupid' to ask for help.
@_date: 2014-01-08 10:53:10
Well worth reading the post if you are interested in how bitcoin is faring 'on the front lines'.
I think there are two take aways from this:
1. The bitcoin exchange market is still nascent and up for grabs in most countries.
2. There is an existing market desire to use Bitcoin to move money internationally by ordinary people.
From this guy's figures the price to beat (using Forex) is %11. To me this seems like a realistic target to hit.
Reading further in the comments of the thread it appears that the poster didn't do an extensive amount research on where to buy/sell bitcoin (coinjar looks to be a far better option than bitXoin, which was apparently just the first website he ran across). So one can probably legitimately question his math, but from an 'ordinary person' perspective I think it is still valuable to get a feel for how Bitcoin works 'in the real world'.
@_date: 2014-02-16 07:12:18
Gox hasn't been functioning as a 'real' exchange for quite some time now.
Few who wanted to buy Bitcoins would buy from some place that is 20% higher.
Few who wanted to sell Bitcoins were ever able to get dollars out.
So from a 'real economy' perspective Mt.Gox has had little to no 'real' impact for several months.
If Mt. Gox closed there would be an immediate panic sell, followed shortly by a price rebound. Like Silk Road closing, a potential 'unknown' would finally be resolved, which would likely lead to greater confidence in the market (market's hate any form of uncertainty).
@_date: 2014-04-12 02:20:45
Nowhere in the article is Bitcoin (or even Cyprus) mentioned.
It is well known that Bitcoin could potentially be used to hide some amount of wealth from tax authorities. Just like physical cash, gold bars, or any other form of high-value/small-size/easily hidden property.
This isn't news.
I for one don't think this subreddit is the appropriate place for generic rants against the IRS. There are plenty of other subreddits where this the discussion would be more appropriate:
@_date: 2014-04-03 06:57:39
I assume deflation would be around 2% (this is reasonable given 2% avg GDP growth).
People take out loans for two reasons:
 Businesses who use the capital to finance their operations and expect to make a profit *above* the cost of the loan.
 Consumers who use the loan to pay for goods *now* for the convenience of paying later. (Note that a government using a bond to pay for a new sewage plant is considered a consumer in this case).
Businesses will be *unable* to finance any project where the expected 'real' rate of return is &lt; 2%. This is fine and is actually beneficial to the economy as it discourages malinvestment of scarce resources on wasteful projects. 
Assuming the risk is inline with the return any lender would be happy lending his Bitcoin out above the 'risk free' real-rate of 2% they get from simply holding on to their bitcoins. Bitcoins become a replacement for things like long-term treasury bonds that most people today think of as the 'risk free rate of return'.
Mortgages are a consumer loan. In return for living in the house *now* the home-buyer can take out a long-term loan backed by the house. Since houses are somewhat stable in value, lenders will loan at lower interest rates than they would for a car, but it is still a consumer loan.
Consumers will have to pay some amount to the banks above the 'risk-free' 2% real-rate the lenders can get for free. It is unreasonable to expect that the house at the end of the loan minus the cost in interest of the loan will be worth more than the house at the end of the loan (that the homeowner will wind up with a profit). That isn't true today and won't be true in any future no matter the inflation/deflation rate of the currency. Houses aren't investments and don't make money for their owners, they are long-term consumables.
As of 2014 inflation is around 1.5% and 30 year mortgages are around 4.5%. It is therefore reasonable to assume that if deflation were 2% that bitcoin denominated mortgages would be carry a nominal 1% rate of interest. Mortgages work just fine in a deflationary economy.
The important thing to understand is that deflation would be tied directly to GDP growth.  If we lived in a world where world-wide GDP grew at some crazy amount (like 10% a year) this would mean that mortgages with a nominal 1% interest rate would have a 'real' rate of 11%, *but* in a world growing by 10% this would be an acceptable rate to a normal consumer (just like the current rates seem reasonable to us today).
@_date: 2014-05-10 18:30:20
I'm aware of the limited usefulness of stealth addresses, and that they serve specific use cases (I think your static tip address would be the canonical example).
I also think Mike's URL scheme is useful for payments in general (it's good for there to be clear protocol for back and forth communication between payer and payee in most cases). However, I don't think the URL scheme benefits *most* users of stealth addresses (assuming the users of stealth addresses actually need the additional privacy), and in fact actively harms them.
@_date: 2014-08-30 04:40:51
Worth watching the video, even if you are already familiar with Bitcoin, purely for the clear explanation of what money is (link at start of his explanation):
The bulk of the video is him making the case that *money* and ledgers are synonymous.
It made me think, and here are my thoughts:
Objective ledgers are better than subjective ledgers for trade because everyone objectively knows where they stand in relation to everyone else. The distinction between subjective vs objective ledgers was my big 'aha moment' takeaway from the video. I had never considered this idea before.
His six qualities for good objective ledgers: scarce, durable, divisible, transportable, recognizable, fungible.
Gold is a good ledger because it is cross-culturally scarce, durable, etc. 
In the modern era gold's *portability* is lacking (cost prohibitive for physical bits of metal to travel from buyer to seller). A good store of long-term value, but bad for short-term trading since the transaction costs are so high.
Fiat and other digital currencies are more portable, but have problems in the area of limitation of supply. Bad long term stores of value(I am not going to bequeath my great-grandchildren AA miles, WoW gold, or US dollars), but good for trading, especially trades within the same country.
The case Casares makes in the video is that Bitcoin can be better than both gold and other fiat/digital currencies. 
I agree.
Better than gold: More durable: math outlasts atoms. More scarce: Absolute knowledge of total supply that can *never* grow (caveat: Bitcoin participants could in theory agree to more supply, but the odds of this agreement happening are vanishingly small (on the order of lead radioactively transmuting to gold?). More transportable: digital transport costs vs physical transport costs.
Better than fiat/centralized-digital-ledgers: More scarce: Agreement of 
most miners AND almost all wallet-holders to change rules of software vs Agreement of a few individuals. More durable: physical notes degrade, banks/businesses/governments can fail vs cheap cost of backing up wallet in multiple locations.
IMHO, the case for Bitcoin being a better money than either fiat or gold is justified based on this reasoning.
The only challenges I see for Bitcoin in the future are in terms of transportability and fungibility.
The fee for making a bitcoin transaction is around USD $0.05. A blockchain with *similar total USD worth* that can beat that will beat Bitcoin.
The pseudonymity of transactions might make some bitcoins worth more than others. It's possible that a government might attempt to harass owners of certain coins based on their history. "Businesses within this legal jurisdiction found with tainted coins will be fined X amount". This hurts the fungibility of a currency. A currency without this drawback would have an advantage in proportion to the probability of this type of attack.
I think both of these problems have technological solutions. For Bitoin's sake I hope it is technologically flexible enough to adopt them. It would be nice if Bitcoin became the one currency of humanity, but it is going to have to earn that title via further innovation.
edit: typo
@_date: 2014-07-04 22:23:31
Amusing to watch to the presenter dance and say nothing for 90 seconds.
The obvious conflict of interest of a banking 'authority' coming out with a report telling its members to shun a direct competitor not mentioned once.
You can see the fear in his face. He needs to tell a story to his audience about what this is and what it means. But he is incapable. Makes one wonder why.
@_date: 2014-04-29 13:17:25
Interesting that the author doesn't consider Bitcoin to be a medium of exchange.


No clue in the text as to why, and this is the only mention of Bitcoin in the article.
Overall, a bland article arguing for the status quo of centralized banks vs direct government ownership of the money supply.
@_date: 2014-01-09 19:34:24
Interesting (but expected) that the insurance contract is written  in terms of pounds sterling.
Makes one wonder how long it would be before such contracts could be written in terms of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-01-17 21:31:10
I think there will be a wide range of responses. The highly competitive and fiscally responsible countries like Germany and Singapore will welcome Bitcoin and largely benefit from the easier international trade.
The more insular/authoritarian/socialist countries that enjoy manipulating their economy (like Venezuela, Cuba, North Korea, etc) will likely try to outlaw and discourage Bitcoin usage, which will set them further behind.
I think banks will/are attempting to discourage businesses from using Bitcoin (perhaps going as far as blacklisting bitcoin-accepting businesses). However, I think banking is enough of a competitive enterprise that eventually the defectors (banks that deal with Bitcoin-businesses) will win out. I would expect that over time more and more banks will switch from loaning dollars to Bitcoins, and that the banking industry itself will weather the switch just fine (although I also expect to see a lot of large institutions go under).
China I expect would setup a sort of two-tier system where Bitcoin is illegal for internal goods/services but legal for international trade. I also expect that at some point China will lose control and crack from the internal pressure if it insists on maintaining that level of control.
I don't see the US dollar collapsing in any spectacular fashion. However, I do think that Bitcoin to eventually put real pressure on the government to get its house in order. I would expect the dollar/Euro to gradually weaken, and at some point this will be used as valid excuse by politicians to finally cut benefits/spending (with much whining and gnashing of teeth).
The big change will be how taxes are collected in a Bitcoin dominated world. Collecting taxes in Euros/Yen/Dollars is relatively easy. Collecting taxes when one doesn't have deep access to the financial network is going to be a scary thing.
Personally I don't think the nation-state is viable in the long run once something like Bitcoin becomes dominant. I would expect a gradual return to something like the city-state as national governments lose the ability to efficiently collect mass-population taxes. I expect that the US congress/president/federal structure will exist for a long time, but will become more of a cultural thing like the King/Queen of England.
edit: grammar 
@_date: 2014-01-13 18:28:29
Premise of the article: that cryptocurrencies allow for part of the value of the currency to be funneled into a particular goal (solve primes, fund a charitable enterprise, etc).
I think this is an interesting idea, but it seems to me that any such coin would ultimately be unable to compete with a coin that didn't 'leak' its value.
If one had the choice between holding a share of a Gold ETF, or a share of a Gold ETF that donated 5% of its value each year to the humane society, it seems to me that one would limit ones holdings of the humane society share vs the straight gold ETF.
For one thing while the neutral-coin would tend to be universally accepted, whereas the humane-society-coin would likely only be accepted by those who were more passionate about that cause.
It will be interesting to see if such cause-coins (new term I just made up! :) ) are able to find traction.
edit: spelling
@_date: 2014-01-08 11:59:26
Two main flaws in the assumptions in your schemes:
 A significant number of bitcoins will always be purchased/exchanged for national currency at some point.
 Mixers won't be used to break the links in the blockchain between identity and purchase.
I agree that Bitcoin will most likely make governments shift towards more of a sales-tax (consumption) model of taxation, but this mostly relies on their ability to effectively audit internal businesses records (same as businesses that today rely largely on cash payments from the public). 
Requiring all businesses to require Tax-ID for purchases from the public seems like a regulatory (and political) nightmare. Much easier to simply enforce existing sales-tax laws which most businesses today are happy enough to comply with.
That being said I'm sure the socialists would be giddy with delight at the idea of mandating consumers provide government ID for every purchase. Not for the purpose of collecting tax revenue, but for the purpose of control.
It will be interesting to see how governments react in their desire to control their populations given the presence of Bitcoin. I could very well imagine Bitcoin being used as the next decade's excuse to further lessen freedoms and tighten control similar to how 'terrorism' and 'drugs' were used.
@_date: 2014-01-17 14:50:51
Not really Bitcoin related since Bitcoin is no longer mined via PC. Maybe a topic for ?
@_date: 2014-05-20 20:43:24
For the lazy here is the Bitcoin related portion of the committee's minutes:
It's an interesting and easy read.
edit: grammar
@_date: 2014-01-23 18:46:49
I noticed that the author is a PHD and has recently co-authored a paper on payment systems, including Bitcoin.
Strangely, the paper itself is neutral-to-positive in regards to Bitcoin. It even defends it from Krugman's argument that it is somehow 'evil'.
The paper goes into some detail in regards to how Bitcoin works, including mining, etc. It correctly lays out both the history and technical aspects of the protocol. 
Example of a striking discrepancy between the paper and the article:
The author of the paper clearly understands the trustless nature of the Bitcoin protocol, and how this is the key to the innovation ("As long as the majority of the miners are honest, the system works. If the majority of miners are honest, there is no incentive for an individual miner to be dishonest, as that miner would earn no bitcoins.). The author of the paper also has a firm grasp of how the Bitcoin protocol works ("In the bitcoin system, a transaction is publicly announced to the network. The miners effectively vote on the legitimacy of each transaction as part of the mining process by time stamping each transaction and verifying that no one has double spent that money before");
The author of the cnet article clearly does not understand either the technical aspects of the protocol ("grabs and spends the Bitcoin number before the merchant even sees it"), nor does he understand the benefits of a trustless system of payments ("It would be regulated. Miners would have to be registered to make sure that they are not criminals.")
After reading both the article and the paper I can only conclude that Prof. Angel engaging in some form of intellectual dishonesty.
My claim is that either Prof. Angel isn't a legitimate author of the paper (he doesn't understand what he taking credit for supposedly haven written). Or, he does understand the paper he co-authored, and is purposefully spreading ignorant garbage in the popular media to further some private aim of his.
Either way it is a shady business, and Prof Angel deserves to be called out on the inconsistency by his peers.
It's one thing for a random blogger to spout out an opinion hate-piece about something he or she barely understands, in the hopes of gaining attention. It is another for a professional academic to write *obviously* ill-informed garbage related to his own specialization.
@_date: 2014-01-15 17:37:40
It is very odd to me that porn hasn't been a major driver of Bitcoin. I mean an anonymous internet currency that can be used to buy drugs but not porn?  Something just doesn't click there.
The only thing I can think of is that the porn industry must have become quite centralized over the years, and that the big players are extremely reluctant to promote something that would threaten their subscription model.
Either that, or maybe it is a legal thing where they are afraid of selling to underage users, and use credit cards as a sort of de facto age-restriction mechanism?
Still, I think it's adoption by the porn industry is inevitable, and will drive a lot of folks into the Bitcoin economy. I feel confident that there are more than one or two married men who would like to have access to a 'private credit card' that they can use to pursue their 'private hobbies'.
@_date: 2014-01-23 23:39:14
This is a huge deal if it opens up a way to effectively hedge Bitcoin via CFD.
Right now Bitcoin is sorely lacking in ways to short, and is probably the biggest thing holding it back. 
This sort of service would make it much more attractive for vendors to accept and hold bitcoins directly, rather than immediately exchanging for dollars. 
Anyone have a take on how liquid this market is?
@_date: 2014-01-09 19:11:02
I think it would depend on the reasons why the stock/bond market crashed.
If it was similar to 2008 (collapse of credit markets) then I would expect BTC to fall. Currently, bitcoin is seen as a highly volatile speculative investment. As such, people would be looking to reduce their exposure to risk, not take on more.
However, if it crashed due to something like the Euro collapsing causing a financial panic, then I would expect bitcoin to rise as people exited the Euro for other currencies.
Bitcoin IMHO is still way to young and small to be viewed as a place to run to in times of trouble the way people look to gold.
However, it is well positioned to pick up the pieces after a crash should it successfully weather the storm, and I would expect it to grow in excess of the stock market growth as the stock market stabilized after the crash.
I would expect the crash after the next crash however might be a different story. If Bitcoin proves itself reliable in a crash, I think a significant number of people might indeed start flocking to it like people flock to US treasuries, when a panic starts.
Rome wasn't built in a day, and it will take time for bitcoin to mature to the point where it can be viewed as a source of stability rather than a source of investment opportunity.
It isn't there yet, but I can definitely envision a day 10-20 years down the road, after it has weathered several storms, where Bitcoin could start to challenge gold. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 08:14:10
* Government regulations/incentives/disincentives regarding where and how to move your capital into and out of investments.
* Finding a buyer (you can probably find a better/safer deal than going through an exchange with that amount of BTC).
* What investments will give you the best ROI vs risk (QE is easing, stocks are looking a bit bubblicous, finding a place to put $1 million is going to be the hard part).
Good luck.
@_date: 2014-03-28 07:48:45
The problem is that Bitcoin itself has grown, and started to attract lots of people with lots of disparate interests.
Can you imagine what something like would look like around 1994? Just when the hippies and hackers were starting to be crowded out by the rest of humanity who wanted in?
I think at this point would do well to aggressively direct people to the various other 'child' Bitcoin subreddits (like ) so that conversation can flourish vs be suppressed.  (Maybe have a 'child subreddit of the day' on the right hand side, or have the static top-post be direct to the various other subreddits vs a 'newbie-faq' that is really just a rather long list of the subreddit don'ts and not really much to do with Bitcoin-newbies at all, which would definitely leave a bad taste in my mouth if I were new to Bitcoin and discovered this subreddit).
I think it is unreasonable to expect to be 'newcomer friendly' with 100k+ subscribers, but it is reasonable to do a better job at directing newcomers to places like .
@_date: 2014-05-10 18:21:15
I'll make reference to my response to mike_hern's response as I think my response to most of your response would be similar (how many times can I make reference to the word 'response' in once sentence? :) ):
In regards to the 1000 year recipient I would note the following:
1. The recpient only needs to scan once 1000 years from now to receive payment (the blockchain protocol as it currently stands requires a complete record of all transactions). 
2. I think it is reasonable to assume that the payee would know the time horizon of the person they are paying. A payment to a drug dealer only needs a few weeks/months to be collected. However, it isn't as unreasonable to make a long-term donation to the Catholic Church thinking they might still be around in 1000 years.
@_date: 2014-02-17 12:35:46
@_date: 2014-02-14 14:55:09
I don't see bitcoin going away anytime soon.
However, I think it is quite possible that another better version of Bitcoin could come around. If at some point it became obvious that this new version was inherently better I could see myself drifting way from bitcoin and towards the new platform.
Almost certainly there will be continue to be a plethora of cyrtpo-currencies in the future. If Bitcoin continues to innovate and fix its issues in a timely fashion then it has a good chance to maintain my loyalty, if it can't then I'll be a bit sad but happy to adopt whichever currency to me looks the strongest.
For instance, Etherium to me looks quite exciting at the moment (turing complete language....soooo sexy), however it has yet to launch and might turn out to be unworkable in practice. I could see it consuming some of my time/attention/money that I might otherwise have spent on Bitcoin.
Of course if some new fundamental attack on blockchain-like systems was discovered that would 'shake my faith' on all such systems.
Important to note that my faith wouldn't be shaken by exchanges failing or governments 'cracking down' on crytpo-currencies. Those are transient issues that effect tactics but don't really effect the overall outcome.
@_date: 2014-07-30 15:08:00
Also, three months before it peaked at $39 million, it was less than $1 million.
In this case I don't think the absolute numbers are relevant. 
Trade volume is really more of a reflection on price volatility than anything else.  When the price doesn't move much, there is less reason for speculators to buy/sell. 
IMHO a log scale is more appropriate because what is interesting is that the volume can go up and down, and has done so over time. The absolute numbers are almost meaningless, so a log scale can let one view the longer term trends in better context.
edit: grammar
@_date: 2014-01-13 17:15:05
Why a 'lottery'?
1. It is a fair way to distribute the currency as widely as possible as it 'boots up'.
2. The random nature of the reward leads to a large and *diverse* number of miners which protects the network from both political and technological attacks.
@_date: 2014-03-15 11:07:15
I think 1.5 million is way-overestimating the total number of active Bitcoin 'users'.
150k unique addresses referenced each day. Most transactions are going to create at least 1 extra change address. Wave hands in air, it seems to me like there might be 50-100k daily users of Bitcoin out there (which is still a huge number IMHO).
If one uses the often quoted 90% of Bitcoin users are simply hoarding, or simply make very infrequent purchases, then 1.5 million seems reasonable, but it is hard to classify those extra people as real 'users' of the system. More like they are fans watching from the sideline. :)
I think 150k 'real daily users' puts things in perspective, and shows just how small Bitcoin is currently (which is both scary and exciting).
For the curious (log scale of growth over time):
@_date: 2014-06-05 14:29:07
The chart/timing for bitcoin looks quite similar to what happened to gold this morning:
As well as what happened to EUR/USD:
How odd.
I've often imagined that eventually Bitcoin would play a role within international currency markets.
And this *appears* to be proof that this is now happening.
That is a milestone. An important one if true.
It means that bitcoin is starting to be seen as a safe haven similar to gold among currency traders (or at least as a useful tool).
An international, politically neutral, borderless currency is a powerful tool indeed.
Bitcoin's small 'market cap' means it can't really serve a role similar to gold yet (can't write a contract worth $1 billion dollars if there is only $9 billion of BTC in existence), but this is how it starts.
I think this move proves that currency traders are getting their feet wet with bitcoin.
It will be interesting to watch to see if similar news starts effecting the price of BTC regularly.
@_date: 2014-01-22 22:09:37
Balanced article discussing the various options to mitigate the risk to consumers of having their bitcoins lost/stolen.
It will be interesting to see what percentage of bitcoin holders choose to store their bitcoins with a 3rd party as time passes.
I can well imagine that a large number of people would find comfort in trusting a large insured institution, which might even pay them a small rate of interest for their holdings, vs trusting themselves to properly secure their own wallets (especially if the amount was large).
Once a bitcoin-bank can purchase insurance for its reserves, there is little that would stop it from attempting to make additional money with those reserves. There are many investments which would probably be deemed safe enough not to worry the insurers (baskets of bonds for instance).
As long as they don't get caught in a liquidity trap (from which insurance should protect them), bitcoin banks should be able to make a nice profit from any dormant money they hold, and would be able to offer part of those profits as incentives for its users (interest, or extra convenience features).
Eventually I can imagine a full gamut of banking services from CDs to home and business loans being provided by these new bitcoin-banks.
It will be interesting to see how financial services work in a bitcoin-based economy.
Not mentioned in the article, but things like M of N signing, colored coins, etc. could work to keep the banks/bankers honest while providing the efficiency and safety everyone desires. 
I think right now most banks (and people generally) are probably tempted to treat bitcoin as a kind of gold that requires a new form of vault technology. 
I look forward to seeing what kind of havoc a fully armed and operational bitcoin-bank can wreak within the existing financial industry.
@_date: 2014-01-03 01:30:36
Ah I get it. Any currency that has the potential for becoming the dominant global currency is itself suspect because it then ties into the 'One World Currency' conspiracy.
Just for the future you can probably mention 'One World Currency' as a keyword that most would be familiar with. It wasn't clear to me that this was the thing you were driving at.
I suppose that I personally just don't have that much respect for this particular conspiracy theory. In particular your argument using the internet as an analogy of what horrible horrors might await us if the OWC were to come to pass I think might need to be rethought. It's a bit like saying: "Don't eat that delicious cookie or it might maybe lead to a bit of tooth decay if you're not careful and don't brush your teeth". It just isn't that scary compared to the obvious benefit.
BTW I'm very much pro-conspiracy theorizing. It keeps everyone on their toes and the conspiracy theorists perform a valid and useful function in society (sometimes there really is a tiger hiding in the bushes). But this one doesn't have any bite. To much obvious effort and risk, for only a vague ill-defined reward.
It's a bit like if some extremely rich person put up all the money to create the infrastructure for a huge city (roads, water, electricity, etc...), then invited the worlds best, brightest, smartest people into the city. All for the purpose of somehow 'tricking' those people into making him rich when they paid the sales tax within his city.
It's a case of *everyone* obviously benefits, and even those who were 'tricked' (who are after all the best and brightest and can be trusted to look after themselves) sign up to the terms of the agreement beforehand and willingly wish to work to make the city grow.
At some point the 'conspiracy' grows so large that it can no longer reasonably be called a conspiracy, and instead just becomes a mundane group effort.
I can buy into theories where the evil group in charge uses its centralized control and authority to abuse its elevated position to extract whatever it wants from the weak and disorganized.  
However, A conspiracy that specifically targets super-smart, highly skeptical libertarian minded individuals, and attempts to somehow co-opt those individuals efforts, has a higher bar it needs to cross to even make it interesting enough to contemplate as a conspiracy.
@_date: 2014-04-05 11:25:34
In early stages Alice the supplier would rely on things like options contracts to hedge the currency risk.
As more of the costs to Alice are priced in BTC (labor, rent, raw goods, etc) the more she can afford to hedge less and less of her BTC revenue. (If her rent is 50% of her cost and her landlord takes BTC, then she only need to hedge 50% of the BTC that she takes in).
Once Alice's inputs and revenue are both priced in BTC, then the need to hedge is reduced to the expected profit of the enterprise.
At some point a large number of contracts priced in BTC, and a highly liquid BTC options market should reduce the volatility to the point where most businesses would feel safe accepting the risk themselves. (Perhaps by this point it might be businesses accepting USD that feel the need to use the options market to reduce their risk :) )
For this reason I would argue that a trustworthy/liquid options exchange is the next step for Bitcoin to achieve wider adoption.  Hopefully things like  will make this a reality.
@_date: 2014-01-06 12:23:00
Well worth watching the entire interview.
Falkvinge's description of how modern culture clashes with existing ingrained power structures is insightful and informative.
I'm especially impressed with his 'moto' that to make progress one has to ignore the rules (because the rules are setup precisely to keep the existing structure in place). He uses Bitcoin as a example of the power of ignoring the rules.
He also makes an interesting analogy between the early bitcoin adopters of today, and the early oil magnates of the past. How great wealth can be transferred to a relatively small group of people, and how this changes the structure of society by placing those people(and their descendants) in positions of power.
What would a world full of bitcoin billionaires look like? It is easy to think about the economic shocks Bitcoin will cause, but what of the cultural and political shocks?
Food for thought.
edit: ancestors -&gt; descendants....oops
@_date: 2014-08-18 18:26:04
My 2 satoshis:
1. Most of the merchants are accepting BTC and converting to USD. This creates a lot of selling pressure.
2. A lot of people who have been holding BTC for a while, *finally* have places to spend BTC and are doing so.
3. At the moment there is no offsetting 'buy pressure'. No *new* markets of buyers have been opened. Those who want to buy BTC, probably have already bought.
IMHO the huge problem in the BTC economy that few discuss is the lack of ordinary people being paid in BTC.
An 'ordinary' person isn't going to go out of their way to buy BTC to buy a good/service, unless the thing being purchased has more value when it is bought with BTC (porn, drugs, etc) because of features like enhanced privacy. Those markets exist, but are small compared to most others.
99% of the people are paid in their local currency and are therefore incentivized to buy things in that currency.
We are stuck in an odd part of the Bitcoin adoption cycle. 
As more businesses accept BTC more ordinary people will be willing to be paid in BTC, but right now those BTC denominated pay checks don't exist.
What I would love to see are new ideas for how to pay ordinary people in BTC. There are no *serious* BTC employment agencies/services that I've been able to find. This is a problem that needs to be resolved.
Businesses now accept BTC, great!  Now we need to get workers to accept BTC.
@_date: 2014-07-04 22:04:28
Since you're not sharing what your friend is spending for 12TH/s it is hard to do a comparison based on cost.
Assuming the question boils down to: spend $50k on mining vs $50k on BTC.
There is also the question of if he is trying to make the most money (profit), or trying to learn the most about Bitcoin (knowledge), or maybe just trying to support the Bitcoin 'idea' itself (moral/political).
Getting into mining:
* + has the possibility of gaining the most technical knowledge of how the base protocol works.
* - not doing much to support morally/politically. 
* - almost guaranteed to lose money for small investor compared to BTC holder.
Buying and holding:
* - Little incentive to know more about Bitcoin other than the vagaries of USD/BTC price charts.
* + Some minor moral/political benefits of devaluing fiat by a small amount.
* + Good profit potential (with risks).
Honestly, I personally don't like either of those options too much. Of the two however, my recommendation would be to buy the Bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-09-17 13:47:00
"It is, however, a recurrent problem and a fact that the Japanese police arrest innocent people and make them confess to crimes that that they didnt commit. So I simply hope that they wont do anything crazy."
Interesting bit of hedging in his answer to how effective he thinks the Japanese police are. 
@_date: 2014-08-05 12:32:13
It's possible (maybe even likely given Ecuador's recent statements) that a government will attempt to issue its own blockchain based currency.
Such government issued currencies can even have favorable rules like 'Seigniorage fees', or government-controlled-address X has the ability to raise/lower the inflation rate within these bounds, or judiciary-controlled-address has the ability to freeze/confiscate funds.
However, they will have to give up some amount of control and power. A blockchain requires that the rules of the currency are set up beforehand, and are immutable without the consent of the miners (and to a lesser extent the wallet clients). Otherwise it isn't a blockchain currency, it is just a normal fiat currency.
I honestly can't think of a crypto currency (that deserves that name) that would *strengthen* government control, and be viable in the market.
I admit though that my imagination is limited. If you can come up with one, or point me to an article describing one I'd be interested in seeing it.
@_date: 2014-01-06 09:16:56
I Don't use multibit so can't speak on the best way to backup. I think you are the right path though that there are different levels of security needed for different amounts of bitcoin and that offline/cold storage is mostly only required for significant amounts.


Yes and no. 
If more people spent their bitcoins it would incentivize businesses to accept them, which would in turn make them more valuable as a transactional currency...but first there have to be businesses that accept them. 
The important thing to keep in mind is that everyone has their price at which they want some good or service vs holding onto their bitcoins (100 bitcoins for a Lamborghini today looks pretty good to someone who bought at $1/BTC or who mined early on and got them for 'free'). 
What is important is how bitcoin holders choose to consume their savings. Do they make a purchase directly with bitcoin, or do they go through the hassle of converting it into another currency to make the purchase. As more and more businesses accept bitcoin, more and more people will choose to not go through the cost/hassle of conversion, and instead buy the good/service directly with bitcoin.
As bitcoin increases in price the pressure to spend some of that new wealth grows. Merchants realize this, and since the cost of setting up to accept bitcoin payments is relatively small, over time more and more merchants big and small will start to go after this market.
So a higher price drives both holders to spend (consume their savings) and vendors to offer their wares as they eye the ever growing purchasing power of the holders (around $10 Billion today).
Bottom line: bitcoin today is a highly volatile (risky) asset, and not everyone has the stomach for such a volatile investment and different views on what their own particular value preferences are (100 bitcoins for a Lamborghini too high...what about 50...10?). The fact that the future is impossible to predict, but you can have the good/service today is the key. Otherwise, we would all put 99% of our money in the stock market, and eat raw potatoes inside our cardboard box houses.
@_date: 2014-01-15 17:01:42
The way I'm beginning to see this is like SSL (HTTPS) for Bitcoin.
It takes a little more CPU/memory power but provides a channel for private payments.
One often hears about how Bitcoin will be the 'Internet of money'.  I think this advance is the first real sign that this analogy is true.
The power of a *protocol* is that it can be extended and be built on top of. To me this shows off the true power of Bitcoin, and whets my appetite for what will come next.
@_date: 2014-04-07 07:17:33
I've Been following Bitcoin since 2011.
Back then Alpaca socks was the only thing that could be purchased (like literally the only thing, unless you wanted to use Tor to spelunk the Silk Road, which was just starting to make a name for itself). Mt. Gox was the only exchange that looked even half-way professional.
No ATMs, No Bitpay, No constant financial news coverage (or really any media coverage beyond Slashdot), No conventions, etc...
If you owned bitcoins/talked about Bitcoin you were by definition a member of a small suspiciously regarded fringe group that lived only on the internet.
A couple of weeks ago I saw a random game on youtube that looked interesting.  I went to go purchase the game and discovered they took Bitcoin (they don't even advertise it, it was just an option on the payment screen next to paypal, no big deal)
Marc Andreessen et al. are now pouring MILLIONS into Bitcoin.
Overstock, porn.com, Square, the list of new large household names accepting Bitcoin is on the verge of not even being news anymore.
It is frankly amusing to me  to have  the current environment referred to as 'the doldrums'.
In all honesty I'm a bit flabbergasted at all the attention and progress this weird fringe technology has made over such a short period of time. (I mean I knew in my heart in 2011 it was going to be big, but I am now seeing all around me *real* validation that the rest of the world  is starting to see it as well).
The recent 'bad' news (China, Mt. Gox, IRS ruling) is on a bit of a larger scale than the 'bad' news of the prior era, but so is the good news because Bitcoin itself has grown so large. None of the bad news was unexpected or unrecoverable. I mean it sucks if you live in China or were greedy/lazy enough to trust Mt.Gox but I don't see how either effects the long term strength of Bitcoin. The tax ruling is actually positive as it removes uncertainty for US businesses/investors.
From my perspective Bitcoin has never been stronger, nor has there ever been a better time to get started on any sort of Bitcoin related project/business. Do your own homework to prove it to yourself, but that is my honest opinion.
(BTW  was the game I bought (yes with bitcoins))
@_date: 2014-04-08 15:54:27
* Be honest if you are asked a question you don't know the answer to.
* Make heavy use of analogies.
* Don't just focus on the positives, tell them about the risks and downsides for the economy as well.
This is the best educational resource I'm aware of:
Good luck! :)
@_date: 2014-02-17 12:31:30
Odd things about the statement:
* "...we have *now implemented* a solution that should enable withdrawals and mitigate any issues caused by transaction malleability ... We will update everyone again by *Thursday*"
All of the other exchanges have *already* put in their fixes and are allowing full withdrawals. For several days now.
By stating 'now implemented' it seems clear and reasonable that the code fixes are already in place.
So why wait until *Thursday* to start allowing withdrawals...maybe? (It doesn't take 3 days to deploy code and re-index a database with only 32 million entries (32 million is not that big a number)
* "...*new* daily/monthly limits in place to prevent any problems with the new system and to take into account current *market conditions*"
Why would 'market conditions' have anything at all to do with implementing a fix to a technical problem?
If I had any doubts before about Mt.Gox solvency, the addition of a 'withdrawal queue' based on 'market conditions',  would only intensify those fears.
The fact that they mention 'market conditions' must mean they have some concept that the price on their exchange is *deeply* out of whack with the price elsewhere.  Yet there is zero mention of anything that would alleviate this fear, which could be done quite easily with a simple statement of "Don't worry we have your money".
The fact that they don't even _acknowledge_ the *obvious* fear their customers have is shocking, *especially* if they are going to implement something as 'in your face' as withdrawal queues for BTC.
My hope is that all of this is *just* massive technical incompetence and callous disregard for the safety and protection of their customers (who are right now selling their accounts at deep discounts for 'real' vs 'gox' BTC).
My fear is that Mt.Gox is fully aware of its insolvency, and rather than do the honorable thing of shutting down is attempting to make their money back by continuing to operate. Hoping that they can live long enough on transaction fees  (and no doubt the soon to be implemented withdrawal fees if this fear is correct) and new money inflow to stay afloat as long as possible.
Good luck to all of the gamblers who are placing their bets on Mt.Gox by buying 'Mt.Gox BTC'. My sympathies to all of the normal users of Mt.Gox who just wanted a safe place to exchange their currency.
@_date: 2014-01-06 08:34:54


In the Bitcoin system protecting the senders privacy is more or less the responsibility of the sender.
If I send you BTC to your published address then it is known by all that I sent that money (as long as the link between my sending address and my personhood is made). So if you are a shady business/charity (or you later use the money in a shady way that could cause the donator problems) it is best for me the donator use a mixer before I send you the money to help obfuscate the link (
As the foundation receiving the donation you could also use a mixing service to help obfuscate the link between your foundation and whatever shady business the foundation does with the money. This would help somewhat protect the donator, but the donator should never trust that the foundation would do this, or that if they did to this that their wallet wouldn't be captured by their adversary (which would render mixing useless).
tl;dr Educate your donators about mixing services if you are worried about their privacy.
@_date: 2014-01-24 20:34:36
I now feel like I know less about Bitcoin (and about baking) than I did before.
But it was fun and entertaining to watch. :)
@_date: 2014-01-04 08:20:18
One the one hand....informercial scam: spend $49 (normally $299, special price today only!!!!) to learn how to install a bitcoin wallet and setup an exchange account...and make millions!
On the other hand...there are no doubt people so out of touch and clueless that this would be valuable information (maybe). But are those really the people that should get into Bitcoin as an investment or any speculative investment for that matter?
Obviously don't buy this product if you have the technical chops required to google 'Bitcoin Wallet' (which should be anyone reading this post).
But I recognize that there are lots of people who are mentally challenged (I'm not even going to be nice and say 'technically challenged', it's 2014 not being able to search the web and integrate information is a disability not a lifestyle choice). Is it right to exclude them from entering the Bitcoin economy even if it is done via a bit of trickery? I honestly think Bitcoin is both an awesome investment and a useful economic tool. But placing a powertool in the hand of a moron probably isn't going to have a good ending. Then again, the mentally challenged need to learn how to use these tools as well, and the sooner the better. Sigh...no easy answer.
There is no real way to stop things like this, other than the slow process of shining a spotlight on it and calling it Bullshit (which this 'investment howto package' obviously is). In the meantime individuals like this make a living by preying on the clueless, and I feel a bit sad about that.
I hope that those that waste their money on things like this end up learning their lesson and come out the other end a bit wiser and knowledgeable (both about Bitcoin and investing in general)...but my fear is that they won't.
@_date: 2014-01-14 16:35:53
Quite a good long lengthy bash.
Almost all of the points raised are in regards to the volatility of Bitcoin. It's a bit of a tired point, which blindly assumes that Bitcoin won't become less volatile in the future, especially if its market cap increases and/or options/futures markets become available.
The latter half of the rant is an inflation=good, deflation=bad argument. It amuses me in such arguments that it is never mentioned that deflationary assets already exist (any liquid asset that gains value over time like a stock, bond, etc.) and yet this has yet to kill our economy, surely something the author must be gravely concerned with. 
There is also a bizarre and rather forced analogy tossed in concerning global warming proponents/deniers. That part is just....weird.
I think there are reasons to legitimately think Bitcoin is risky, and reasons to be fearful of a future where Bitcoin replaces the existing economic framework. This article unfortunately IMHO does little to advance such a debate since it mostly just a 'Bitcoin is Evil' hit piece, where the author attempts to cobble as many arguments together as he can find in a weary attempt to spread as much FUD as possible.
Hopefully as Bitcoin becomes larger it will start to attract a better quality of opponents and detractors.
@_date: 2014-01-17 15:16:15
It sounds like a fun gambling game. I have no doubt that if done well it would entertaining. However, I don't see any need to limit it to cryto-currencies.
Surely such a game must already exist for the stock market.
I'm a bit skeptical however of the goal of 'training inexperienced traders'. Probably the lessor goal of 'exposing' people to speculative trading is more realistic (and just as educationally rewarding).
@_date: 2014-04-11 03:09:22
For what it is worth, the sales tax approach was what I had in mind in my post. 
The idea of doing a fractional reserve didn't even cross my mind, but that is an interesting idea as well. The devil will of course be in the details once the sidechain code comes out and we all see what is possible in practice.
@_date: 2014-04-27 14:23:41
It's a hypothetical. All he is doing is proving that an *individual* has a vastly lower limit to the number of alt-coins they would be willing to pay attention to to mine than a *centralized pool*.
If there are a few thousand alt-coins (or even a few hundred) then it becomes impossible for an *individual* to pay attention to them all (keep up with updates, become aware of new coins, etc) if the reward for doing so is basically zero, because they are too small for the mining reward to be profitable. A centralized pool, however, can mine an almost unlimited number of alt-coins profitably due to its scale.
Also, the need to keep an up-to-date mem-pool for each coin means that there are real hardware/network costs associated with each additional coin merge-mined by an individual.
@_date: 2014-01-23 20:04:55
Bitcoin isn't a wealth redistribution platform.
If anything Bitcoin is actively anti-wealth redistribution, because it hampers the ability to confiscate wealth.
Bitcoin is a wealth-creation platform.
It allows everyone rich, or poor, to engage in wealth-producing commerce on equal footing.
This is good for the poor, because they are usually the ones excluded from trading and participating in the market.
I sympathize with the desire to help the poor, and think that Bitcoin is a powerful tool likely to bring great benefit to those most in need. But I think it is important to understand that the only way that Bitcoin is going to help the poor is in the absolute sense of making them individually richer (I now have 4 cows instead of 2 cows), not in the relative sense of taking from those already well off (I took the 2 cows from my rich neighbor across the street).
If the guy in this video pisses you off, and you imagine that Bitcoin somehow counters his position, you might need to re-evaluate why it is exactly that you support Bitcoin. 
Bitcoin is going to help the poor, but it is also going to help the rich, and ultimately the rich will make much more money from Bitcoin than the poor (though both will benefit). I think it is important to realize this, especially if you truly desire wealth-*redistribution*, and not just improving the plight of the poor.
@_date: 2014-02-20 17:12:10
Anyone who has any money invested in Bitcoin has some appetite for risk. Those who choose to keep a significant amount of money on an exchange more so (because they are betting on the future value of new kind of currency).
I'm sure there will be some who will be tempted in invest in Mt.Gox (even now there are people buying Mt.Gox BTC) and that isn't necessarily a bad thing. Every community needs risk takers if it is to progress.
I think it is safe to say that even if Mt.Gox re-opens it will do so at a *significant* disadvantage to other exchanges, and that is all it takes to weed out the bad actors in a competitive market.
If in the future Mt.Gox has a sizable amount of the exchange market it will be due to lack of good options, which is the real problem for the Bitcoin community going forward. If better exchanges don't materialize, then it is hardly the fault of the community. The fault will lay in excessive regulation hampering competitors from appearing.
edit: typo,words
@_date: 2014-01-04 06:46:36
" Bitcoins value could be destroyed by creating more virtual units."
Can't be bothered to do even minimal basic research for an article which is an obvious anti-bitcoin hit piece. 
No need to read this article. Same old gold-bug FUD.
I can have some respect for some-one who is fired up about Bitcoin being evil ala Charlie Stross, and trying their best to sow as much fear into their readers as possible.
But this is just a sad little article, not even worth the effort.
@_date: 2014-01-13 19:43:33
If you have investment capital then your best bet is to use your social network to find a technical partner (someone who knows about software development).
If you don't have investment capital then your best bet is to figure out a way to get the capital (loan from family/friends, etc).
Dealing with the security aspects of Bitcoin is technically challenging and needs to be done by a professional. Since you don't have the technical skills yourself, there is no way you are going to be able to vet a coder (language expertise is about the least important aspect of hiring a software developer). Don't even try to go down that path. 
tl;dr: Find the money, then find a person you socially trust that can make the tech decisions for you.
@_date: 2014-01-17 14:59:23
I was curious as to why that site started trying to use java.
Sad. 
I hate seeing cool little weekend creations ruined and tarnished by scammers.
Takes a bit of the innocent joy out of life, and leaves me just a tad more jaded.....sigh....
@_date: 2014-01-14 14:31:06
Bitcoin mining licenses?
Government registration of addresses?
Bitcoin adoption will strengthen the Rupee?
I can't quite follow the logic on this one.  Gold = bad (presumably because it is a competitor to the Rupee). Bitcoin = good for the Rupee....because why?
Create a massive regulatory framework to 'promote' Bitcoin adoption?
I get the feeling the author only sees Bitcoin as a potential source of jobs for the Indian IT sector, and is so afraid of loosing those jobs that he is advocating gutting the use of Bitcoin itself within his country, as a sort of devil's bargain with his government.
I wonder what it must be like to be a Libertarian in India? I get the feeling that there must be some sort of severe punishment for expressing anti-government sentiment.
@_date: 2014-05-15 18:12:30
I think the question is: is a voluntary DRM system possible.
If it is, then using a blockchain type protocol for communication has advantages over a system of centralized licensing servers (that go away when the company goes away or decides to retire the software).
At first blush I think 'voluntary DRM' sounds like an oxymoronic term. However, I don't think it is entirely unworkable and the advantage over the current hodge-podge of DRM solutions could benefit both consumers and producers.
DRM encumbered software does have a some advantages:
1. It creates a marketplace. Producers are attracted to the idea of their content being payed for. Consumers like an orderly mechanism for paying producers for their work that they enjoy and want to support.
2. Digital goods (especially executables) need easily understood security guarantees that the good in question is legitimately the product of the producer (less likely to contain trojans/malware/etc). A DRM marketplace system provides such assurances.
3. If the license is transferable, then a legitimate secondary market is created which means that individual consumers would be able to purchase higher-priced digital goods.
The Achilles heal is the following: who has the incentive to create (and more importantly *maintain*) such a DRM marketplace?
Miners can provide the hardware/cpu platform for the 'licensing servers'. 
The Product Producers have the ability to incorporate an open source library that checks the blockchain for activation of the software, and the incentive to maintain such an open source library making such a library benefit from the open source model.
I think it could work.
The devil is in the details. Specifically the Bitcoin protocol itself could only provide colored-coin style transferable tokens.
Other software would have to be created for the rich app-store like user experience. 
I'm specifically thinking of something like an open source version of Steam. Software that would make app installation/removal/purchase/trading easy for the end user.
Lots of problems remain (curation, reputation, etc) but I think it would work.
@_date: 2014-04-10 04:04:35
Discovered a bit more information on the idea:
From what I understand the system allows one to 'reserve' an amount of bitcoin on the Bitcoin blockchain which is tied to an amount of the currency of the alternate blockchain (sidechain). At a later time, a holder of the sidechain currency then has the option of converting it into bitcoins if they desire.
The sidechain is unminable (new sidechain coins are only created via 'reserving' an amount of bitcoin), however transaction fees incentivize miners to process transactions on the sidechain.
OP's title is incorrect.
Altcoins (including ethereum) are even more viable (that is the point). The difference is that instead of diluting the value of bitcoins, new blockchains increase the value of bitcoins by adding new functionality/utility to the existing Bitcoin blockchain.
This allows new innovations (like ethereum) to have their currency be backed by Bitcoin, similar to how gold used to back dollars (without the fractional reserve funny business).
The main downside is that pre-mines would no longer be a mechanism for funding. Instead, I assume, the founders of the new currency would need to reserve a fraction of the newly minted coins when they are transferred from the Bitcoin blockchain. For instance if the peg is 1 BTC = 100 XC, then when a person transferred 1 BTC instead of receiving 100 XC they would instead receive 95 XC, with 5 going to the founders (I'm just guessing this is possible, no details on the protocol yet). Perhaps there might even be a rule that states after x-date or x-amount-raised that further transfers would be 100% with no cut to the founders.
This would remove the large sticking point many have when deciding to support an alt-coin (fear that it might negatively effect the value of their bitcoin holdings). One could only imagine this would lead to a new era of bitcoin-backed alt-coins and lots of innovation.
I'm disappointed they chose to announce before having any code in place (or even a website/whitepaper). Listening to the podcast I think this is a credible group of people with big dreams, and I will definitely be paying attention to them. However, for the moment this looks to be somewhat off into the distance, and it will require changes to the Bitcoin protocol which is going to be a difficult hurdle.
@_date: 2014-01-13 17:48:44
Ask for at least part of your salary to be paid in bitcoin with the rate set in dollars.
Congrats, and good luck. :)
@_date: 2014-04-19 13:52:45
"Bitcoin is not money, but a legitimate virtual assets, so it will not be banned".
One wonders if this is how the corruption of words begins.
'Liberal' used to identify a sort of freedom (including free market) loving political stance. Today I think Liberal largely identifies the opposite political stance.
From my reading of history Socialist migrated to 'Liberal' as it became untenable to self-identify as a Socialist. They were forced to switch words because the word 'Socialists' itself brought too many automatic penalties. Hence the corruption of the word Liberal, and the fact that one needs to call oneself a 'classical Liberal' if they wish to use that term in its original sense.
I think we might be seeing the same thing in regards to 'money'. Due to a quirk of our present legal/political climate the word 'money' itself has become so encumbered with negative consequences that its use is discouraged if not outright legally prohibited.
If this trend continues I predict the following:
1. 'Money' will start to mean its opposite. It will start to be associated strictly with things like government fiat, which itself may start to fall into disfavor for people wishing to trade for goods/services, save, etc. as they find it unsuitable for those purposes. 'Money' of the future will mean something similar to 'counterfeit money' today.
The question in my mind is what new term will come to replace the word 'money'. 'Tradable asset' just doesn't have a good ring to it. Maybe like the brand 'Kleenex' the word 'Bitcoin' will come to be used as the new word for 'money'.
Wouldn't it be funny if in the future one could legitimately form this sentence:
"I caught the guy trying to hand me money to pay off his debt, so I told him I'd go to the cops unless he could come up with the bitcoin by Friday."
What a strange and wonderful world we live in.
@_date: 2014-03-16 02:37:43
One could argue forever about semantics (this is reddit after all :) ). But at the end of the day what matters for the Bitcoin economy is people transacting within the system. (BTW, I'm old enough to remember 1995, and I can say that most people who cared enough to have a connection back then probably used it daily, but I take your point).
A Bitcoin economy with 1+million real active daily users is a dramatically different thing than one where the same amount have balances, but nobody trades for goods/services, or does so rarely.
I'm happy to welcome all into the Bitcoin fold equally, but I also think that some Bitcoin users are more equal than others. :)
@_date: 2014-05-24 19:36:57
Excellent talk. Well worth watching the entire thing, including the Q&amp;A afterwards. 
I wouldn't say he is ever incoherent in that he is hard to understand. At worst, I would say he uses the audiences questions as a platform, to both answer the question and talk about the secondary ideas those questions prompt.
The big takeaway for me was his interest in using blockchain technologies for decentralized property exchange. He even goes so far as to say he is actively investigating how to dual list his company on such a system.
@_date: 2014-01-13 19:04:53
I think the issue of Bitcoin Foundation being co-opted by 'the powers that be' is real, and to a degree inevitable, but also not that worrying.
Personally, I'm looking forward to how zerocoin plays out. (It is a sort of layer on top of bitcoin that acts as an uber-mixer. I think of it similar to how tor works on top of the internet). It appears to still very much be in development, and it looks like its adoption/integration is going to be a possible point of contention.
The fact that Bitcoin is consensus driven and open source however gives me strong hope for the future. The miners will ultimately decide, and I wouldn't be a bit surprised to see a sort of coup, should for instance the Bitcoin Foundation decide not to play friendly with something like zerocoin, and another group of developers with strong credentials promote their own fork of the code which does.
If it became obvious that the Bitcoin Foundation 'sold out', there is an obvious and very real mechanism for them to lose the power they currently have.
I would also go so far as to say it would be a healthy thing for Bitcoin to go through such a transition. It would prove that no group has a 'lock' on controlling the source code, removing the fear of a potential 'central point of failure'.
@_date: 2014-03-14 23:54:24
"...a Transaction Malleability exploit that emptied Mt.Goxs wallets would leave a tremendous digital trail starting from the fact that the exploiting users would be known users of Mt.Gox with, presumably, some level of identity verification.  Mt.Gox has not publicly called for a criminal investigation into any of its users alleged to have exploited Transaction Malleability."
I think this is reason enough to call BS on the idea of transaction malleability causing the loss.
If someone stole a *billion* dollars worth of assets from my business I think I'd call the cops. At the very least I'd disclose details and offer a reward for capture.
@_date: 2014-06-01 08:52:09
9,482,002.03 bits
As an American English speaker I would say:
Nine million four hundred eighty-two thousand and two bits, and three satoshis.
Similar to:
Nine million four hundred eighty-two thousand and two dollars, and three cents.
It is a bit slangy, as I think it would be more 'correct' to say:
Nine million four hundred eighty-two thousand two bits and three satoshis.
But it sounds better to add the extra 'and' so I'm sure I'd do it unconsciously. One could even argue that it adds a bit of redundancy to the phrase and so makes it less likely to be misunderstood.
Just for fun, at the current exchange rate of 644 BTC = 1 USD the above amount is equal to:
$6,106.40930732 
I would pronounce that as:
Six thousand one hundred and six dollars, and forty point nine three zero seven three two cents.
@_date: 2014-05-09 15:57:19
My summary of the article:
1. Stealth Addresses are bad because they add some amount of bloat to the blockchain (how much?).
2. The proposed solution is to rely on 3rd parties to store the extra meta-data needed in stealth addresses (similar to how one relies on a 3rd party to receive email).
I haven't delved into all the technical details of stealth addresses, so if I'm wrong about the summary please let me know.
My initial reaction to this article is the following:
If there is a problem with bloat in the blockchain then the proper solution is to tweak the Bitcoin protocol to more properly align the economic incentives, not whine about people doing 'bad' things and assume that only 'good' actors should use Bitcoin 'properly'. 
Relying on a specific 3rd party who you have to trust to always be up, not go out of business, etc. adds a significant amount of risk to the payment chain. It means that such 'payment address URLs' are vulnerable to being rendered useless if that 3rd party goes away.
One of the beautiful things about a Bitcoin address is that it is **timeless**.  1000 years from now I can rest assured that address will still work (it is just a number after all). Stealth addresses also seem to have this feature (again please correct me if I'm wrong about this). That is a valuable feature worth preserving since it makes the address infinitely *durable*.
It also seems to me that the use of 'Address URLs' creates a big fat centralized target for those wanting to shut down any payments to the recipient. This is bad, because the likely users of stealth addresses (The Edward Snowdens, Wikileaks, etcs. of the world.) would attract enough attention to make it difficult to keep those 3rd party services active.
To be clear, I don't think payment URLs are in and of themselves bad things (lots of people are OK with relying on 3rd parties for their email, I'm sure many would be OK with similar services for receiving payment). However, the likely users of stealth addresses will face severe opposition, and therefore need if anything *more* guarantees of reliability, not *less*. 
**tldr;** If blockchain bloat is a problem, then solve that problem with financial incentives, don't whine about people using the blockchain 'incorrectly'. Payment URLs are OK for Amazon, but not good for Wikileaks, because Wikileaks will have a much harder time finding reliable 3rd parties.
@_date: 2014-02-11 13:59:21


Per the article:
"the moment bitcoin 0.8+ gained majority deployment on the network, such invalid transactions started getting rejected"
In short, the miners vote by choosing to implement new versions of the software/protocol.
Miners have a strong financial incentive to adopt changes they believe others will adopt (otherwise they risk having their mined blocks be rejected by the rest of the network).
To the degree that Gavin/The Bitcoin Foundation is seen as doing a good job, the changes to his codebase are the ones everyone will look to and try to stay in sync with.
It is possible that in the future TBF/Gavin may lose the privilege of this position (which is the major reason changes to the codebase happen in a conservative fashion).
Because it is in *everyones* interest however to stay in sync, even if TBF/Gavin suddenly disappeared, a new group of caretakers would quickly be identified.
@_date: 2014-01-04 08:46:08
Netflix is $8/mo
Assuming one watches 1 movie per night that would be around $0.25/movie.
The sucky part about netflix is of course one is tied into them long-term to get this price (nobody is going to just by 1 month of service).
So 10 cents would probably be way too low a price for a true a la carte pricing.
My guess is that if it were easy (like you had a bitcoin wallet integrated into your browser 1-click easy) most people would be happy to spend $1 if the selection was decent.
@_date: 2014-08-21 18:07:15
Probably a valid question but I wince a bit at your phrasing.
With Bitcoin, anytime you are not the owner of the private keys, you are not the owner of the bitcoins.
Those bitcoins are Circle's.
Still valid to be concerned about their security, since if they go bankrupt they will be unable to repay their creditors.
But the moment one sends USD or BTC to them that person becomes a creditor, not an owner, which is a significantly different thing.
@_date: 2014-08-07 19:59:24
"Critics can also be heard worrying that there is nothing to stop the mass issuance of Bitcoin and the subsequent devaluing of the currency. That is true (*in theory*), of course, but once again it just confirms the status of Bitcoin as a currency. History is full of examples of governments and central banks doing just that."
I'm going to quibble and say that his clarification doesn't erase the fallacy in his words.
Being able to inflate doesn't in any way shape or form *confirm* that a good/commodity is useful as a currency.
Inflation isn't a *feature* it is a *bug*. 
The fact that Bitcoin addresses this bug at its heart (by making it conceptually impossible (I literally cannot imagine a realistic scenario where the 21 million limit is breached)) is in many ways for many Bitcoin holders it's raison d'etre.
I'm happy that Nasdaq is spending resources to educate people on Bitcoin.  This article is in itself a prime example of the confusion many people have when thinking about Bitcoin, and more importantly, shines a light on the confusion almost everyone has when thinking about what money/currency actually is.
@_date: 2014-05-20 20:03:58
Curious he chose to align himself with the Ruby Ridge/Timothy McVeigh folks (wants to use the money to plant trees in their honor, calls them 'greatest patriots', etc). That will almost certainly work to his disadvantage if he was attempting to gain popular support for his plight.
But then again perhaps his intent is simply to gain as much attention as possible. Since he self-describes as a 'troll' this seems the likeliest reasoning.
I haven't been following his case. Can't speak to the validity of the charges/claimed innocence. In general however, I'm skeptical of most government prosecutions for 'cybercrimes'.  So my sympathies for the moment are with Auernheimer and I hope he remains free.
It will be interesting to see if 'suing the government for Bitcoins' becomes a popular way of protesting the actions of the government.
I'm sure, due to legal-tender laws, the US government would ultimately be required to pay in dollars. However, if a person won a settlement with the initial claim being denominated in bitcoins, I'm equally sure that the press would ignore this detail. If the judge picked a favorable exchange rate (the higher of the rate at filing of the lawsuit and time of settlement), it could even be advantageous to the person suing (or equally a disadvantage depending on the judge). 
**tl;dr** Hacker sympathizes with famous US domestic terrorists (likely just to gain attention). Suing for BTC as means of protest to become a meme?
@_date: 2014-05-12 19:24:54
I agree, since most of 'us' are consumers not business folks. The Bitcoin Foundation is a trade organization. There is nothing wrong with such organizations, but they are not organized to support user communities. They are about businesses, and solving the problems businesses have (which are not the same problems as consumers have, though there can be overlap).
Personally I've been impressed with Canadian Bitcoin Alliance, and I think a group of such regional entities focused on supporting local awareness and user support are the better avenue for consumer organization.
Bitcoin is a **decentralized** currency, having a decentralized set of support organizations seems appropriate. 
We are conditioned  to point to one entity and try to focus power and attention towards it, because historically that has been an avenue for success. Bitcoin proves that removing the center of power can be a successful approach as well.
Regarding Brock Pierce: It's hard to take an anonymous article seriously because there are no repercussions (other than loss of reputation for an anonymous identity) if the article author turns out to be twisting the truth. Maybe he is a bad guy, maybe he isn't. 
From reading the article, it is easier for me to think of Brock as a victim of this 'Marc Collins-Rector' character than an aggressor (He was 17 at the time of the alleged sex-scandal and all the Allegations focus on Collins-Rector). Most of the article goes into great detail of the evil exploits of Collins-Rector and attempts to lead the reader into assuming Pierce to be guilty by association.
Now maybe he is. I don't know, I wasn't there. However I do note that no criminal charges were mentioned, only civil suits for money.
I think at worst, this *proves* only that at the age of 17 Pierce had poor judgment in who he chose to become associated with.
Now maybe that poor judgement in early life is itself enough to condemn him. After all, it is hard to imagine that Pierce didn't know something fishy was going on, and character judgement is a critical skill needed for leadership. But it is also hard for me to accept that 17 year olds don't do stupid things that their adult selves deeply regret.
As for the businesses mentioned. 
Pierce was a 1% owner of DEN and paid a salary. He wasn't in control of it, so the fate of DEN (a 2000 early internet media company that failed? I'm shocked) seems hardly to be any of his doing or worth noting.
Internet Gaming Entertainment seems to have been a virtual-gold for cash company. Personally I don't see anything wrong with this type of business. Digital goods have worth, people like to trade things that have value. This is the age we live in.
Titan Gaming from the article appears to simply be a legal and mundane Bitcoin gambling website. 
The fact that Pierce is on the boards of a lot of Bitcoin companies seems to imply that he has gained the trust and respect of a lot of people. Now maybe those people have been fooled, or maybe those companies are themselves shady. I don't know. None of the company names rang any strong alarm bells.
At the end of the article I'm left feeling that it's author is trying hard to discredit Pierce, often using shady 'journalistic' tactics himself.
I'd like to see Pierce respond in depth to these allegations. I'd also like for the author to step forward.  While we are at it, I'd also like an end to poverty and world peace. :)
**tl;dr:** Bitcoin Foundation is for businesses not consumers, most of us are consumers, Canadian Bitcoin Alliance looks like a good way to go. Pierce might be a bad guy, but then again he might not be. Anonymous articles with too many off-target accusations make me question the credibility of the article writer.
@_date: 2014-05-22 19:56:48
Why isn't a Bitcoin wallet already included in firefox? (not an add-on from some 3rd party that I don't trust).
I tried searching for a Include Bitcoin in Firefox feature request ticket and couldn't find one (anyone have a link?).
I use chrome daily because I feel it is faster/better designed/etc.
However, I doubt that google would ever allow a Bitcoin wallet to be integrated into the browser at a deep level.
If Firefox embraced Bitcoin in a big way (deep integration into the browser, not just bitcoin: URL recognition) I'd be encouraged to use that browser, even if I felt it was a bit of a resource hog.
This should be a major focus IMHO. Like coordinating a campaign sort of thing. 
Or maybe it is time for a new open source browser to emerge? 
A webkit based browser with strong user-empowerment focus would be nice:
* A tor on/off button
* Easy 'route my web traffic through service X' button
* Builtin namecoin use
* Easily choose your DNS provider
* Strong bittorrent support
* Strong Bitcoin support
* Strong philosophical commitment to a p2p web in general
I think the time might be right for a new browser to come onto the scene.
@_date: 2014-01-02 15:35:56
Conspiracy theories can be fun to think about, but for them to stick at their root they need to describe how the evil entity would profit (other than from the pure joy of being evil). 
This just doesn't work for something like Bitcoin which is so damn open.
Even if the evil NSA created Bitcoin, if they did anything evil two things would happen:
1. We would know after the attack how they did it (because math doesn't lie).
2. Another crytpo-currency without the weakness would pop up within days if not hours.
How exactly would the NSA/US government/Dr. No benefit from this?
By all means have fun trying to put together a story, but you need to include the key element "cui bono" to have anything worth the effort.
@_date: 2014-06-24 14:05:30
What a chaotic article.
Difficult to read because it doesn't focus on a central theme. Rather it hits the reader with a smorgasbord of points and arguments from a wide variety of sources. I swear this was written either by a bot, or a twelve year old with access to the internet.
The general direction of the article *seems* to be that the cost of processing transactions in the Bitcoin network is many times the cost of the value transferred on the network. And because of this Bitcoin is either doomed or must find away around this substantial problem.
Here is why I think this argument is incorrect:
1. The cost of **users** (both merchants and customers) to **use** the network is more or less zero compared to the number of bitcoins they can transfer per transaction. That is all that matters for long term survival compared to other transaction systems (VISA, etc).
2. Mining difficulty can adjust, so it doesn't matter if foolish people are spending too much money now vs the mining rewards they receive now.
3. The cost of transferring bitcoins to various other currencies is only a factor while the internal bitcoin economy is small enough that people desire to exchange one currency for another. Every sign currently is that the bitcoin economy is growing, and at a certain point this 'problem' goes away organically.
I have confidence that there are a lot of people doing economically stupid things with their money (such as rebuying bitcoins as they spend them) when viewed simplistically.
Here I think it is important to note that Bitcoin is a *political statement* just as much as it is a currency.
The people who are genuinely excited about Bitcoin really don't give a fuck if merchants can save 2% on part of their operating expenses.
Bitcoin for a large number of people is fundamentally about taking *power* away from groups that are seen as harmful to society (Banks, Governments, etc).
Seen from this political activist point of view rebuying bitcoins is no more illogical than a person making a contribution to a political campaign (and could be argued to be a superior and more immediate form of political protest).
This article is just a mess, and not really worth criticizing any further. I get the feeling the author is either stretching his analytic abilities further than his literary abilities can carry him (or vice versa), or he is an elaborate troll wishing only to gain attention to himself, and doesn't really care about communicating an idea.
**tl;dr** Ugly disorganized, amateurish article. Maybe worth reading for the links to its sources. The conclusions (if there are any) don't seem to hold up.
@_date: 2014-01-10 07:09:40
For me the next thing I'm looking for is when retailers start paying their suppliers in bitcoin.
After that, when a significant number of employers start paying their employees in bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-02 17:58:48
True enough that the blockchain is visible.
However, this seems to be a weak substitute for the level of detail made possible with today's bank/credit card network which Bitcoin directly threatens.
@_date: 2014-05-22 19:28:00
I think he is correct that the ability to track is/will eventually be a talking-point for a lot of libertarian type folks.
I also agree he is over-blowing it, as technology built on top of Bitcoin will solve that problem (Darkwallet, etc).
But I also think he is speaking more broadly about how lots of new innovations are inherently loved by libertarians because they empower individuals, but then come to be distrusted by libertarians because the 'powers that be' discover a way to incorporate the the new technology into the existing power structure.
It's an eternal high-stakes game between the collectivists and the individualists, that humanity has played for a long time.
Seen from this long-view perspective I think Bitcoin will be seen as both a threat and and opportunity for Libertarians, just like the internet is viewed today. He is simply saying we are at point X in the evolution/adoption of this new thing. He isn't making a moral point he is making a temporal one.
@_date: 2014-01-09 00:55:33
1. Money doesn't generate wealth by itself. Capital investment and entrepreneurship creates wealth. Wether a currency is slightly deflationary or inflationary doesn't really matter that much in the larger scheme of things. Money is the oil that greases the gears, it isn't the entire engine.
2. Yes. I believe if Bitcoin were to become either the dominant currency or at least a strong competitor it would change human behavior. It is likely that it would encourage and enable the poor to save rather than spend, by giving them easy access to a vehicle to channel their excess income (their bitcoin holdings).
This slight modification to behavior isn't a panacea. Ill-advised consumption is still possible, but the default would likely switch from buy more now vs hold on for a bit and spend later. The culture of saving and investing for the future could replace the culture of consumption, which would benefit the poor more than any other group.
Since Bitcoin is capped, its value over time should grow in proportion to world GDP growth (Assuming a better Bitcoin doesn't come along to replace it, and we avoid WWIII). In effect those who choose to hold their bitcoins, rather than consume goods and services, are giving a short term loan to the rest of the world, and are rewarded with the productivity gains their savings allowed.
Today only the 'rich' have easy access to investing their excess income, and the poor are stuck with holding an inflationary currency that encourages them to spend as much as possible today to get the best value they can for their money (because prices go up over time). Bitcoin changes the options the poor have, which is likely to change behavior.
Side note: I have a feeling reading your post that what concerns you most is fairness and equality. I would argue that attempting to 'take from the rich' to make this happen is a losing proposition. Instead I encourage you to look at ways of empowering the poor. IMHO Bitcoin does this by giving access and opportunity to the poor, and making sure that the rules of the game can't be modified to benefit the already powerful. If the rich get richer so be it, as long as the poor have the same opportunity to get richer as well, then why not call that a win?
@_date: 2014-08-04 15:23:28
I'm actually a huge supporter of Austrian economics. But Keynes is more quotable than Mises, which probably helps explain his popularity among the masses (although providing justification for unlimited state spending probably doesn't hurt either). :)
@_date: 2014-01-13 17:42:53
I think there are a few things going on:
1. This subreddit has close to 100k subs, so the quality of discussion is likely to suffer, with short snarky responses gaining more upvotes than they deserve.
2. There are now a set of bitcoin-related and crytpo-currency related subreddits that siphon off more narrowly focused/in depth discussions that might at one time have occurred here.
3. In general, there really has been a lot positive news vs negative news related to Bitcoin as of late.
I'm beginning to think of as a sort of USA Today of Bitcoin: A slightly dumbed down version of the general news, where sensationalist stories will tend to drown out the 'real' news events, which one needs to seek out elsewhere. And that is probably an OK thing.
edit: typo
@_date: 2014-02-17 13:02:17
I can understand Mt.Gox not wanting to give up market share to rivals. 
But if a person has money on an exchange for the purpose of trading it doesn't really matter where the trading is done because of arbitrage.
Unless the holders of those coins suddenly become bearish (decide to exchange their BTC for dollars/yen/yuan at a lower price) there should be no effect on the price if traders use exchange Y vs exchange Z.
A legit fear I can see is that now that the price has corrected on Mt.Gox the BTC that was trapped there (because traders didn't want to take the paper loss on the artificially higher Mt.Gox price) will cause those traders to turn bearish (because it is obvious that they will never realize the old artificial Mt.Gox USD price premium).
Thieves who steal BTC act much differently than legitimate traders who already hold BTC. The two cannot be compared in terms of how they effect the market.
@_date: 2014-02-12 23:26:13
The strength of a decentralized system comes from its diversity.
The current tx malleability crisis is an excellent example of the strength of diversity. 
A bad thing happened. But because there is diversity only some of the exchanges were effected. This allowed us to:
1. See the nature/size/scope of the exploit in the wild to be studied.
2. Still function (there are lots of unaffected exchanges).
3. Identify which exchanges *should* be avoided in future due to proven technical incompetence.
It is a painful process, but it is organic and *robust*.
This same principle works for all aspects of Bitcoin including interpretation of 'what it is' both from a personal and legal perspective. Those interpretations that prove themselves useless will die naturally and strengthen the legitimacy of interpretations that are left standing. 
@_date: 2014-04-26 14:34:13
FYI, I don't own any doge. 
Doge proved the point that the amount of attention a crytpo-currency can generate about itself is related to it's overall value. But now that point has been proven, it doesn't offer any real advantage in it's mechanics, and I don't find it that interesting.
Bitcoin has an overwhelming amount of mindshare and doesn't face any serious threats in regard to being more publicly known vs other crypto-currencies.
edit: I just noticed an interesting thing.  Both this comment and my original comment got an downvote as soon as I hit the submit button (like within a second).
@_date: 2014-05-14 18:31:30
Interesting all the people who spent the effort to write 'No' tweets.
How would GMG accepting Bitcoin negatively effect them in any way? Are they afraid they might 'catch' Bitcoin if more people use it?
@_date: 2014-02-24 12:18:47
My guess:
* Initially a significant drop (20-30% or more).
* 50% recovery within 12 hrs.
* Trend down for 1-2 weeks approaching the bottom of the big drop.
* Flat for a few weeks, then gradual upward trend.
I also wouldn't find it unreasonable for at least 1-2 other exchanges to close shop as people start withdrawing their BTC off of exchanges in general. An official Mt.Gox failure would put a lot of pressure on exchanges to prove solvency, and some might not be able to pass such a test, especially in a climate of large sudden withdrawals.
If multiple exchanges fail, then I think a full 'crash' down to $50-$100 is likely, as people panic and remove all remaining liquidity from exchanges.
Exchanges are definitely the weak link in the Bitcoin ecosystem at the moment. It's the wild west and there is going to be some blood in the streets.
My biggest hope is that once Mt.Gox has been resolved it will make room for other players to enter the exchange space. However, my hope for such an outcome is rather thin.
@_date: 2014-03-11 17:06:29
Interesting that the two new members come one each from the 'right' and the 'left' of the US political system.
Could just be a coincidence, since Bitcoin appeals to both economic and individual liberty freedom-loving types.
To me though it seems that this sort of balance is meant to either send a message (Bitcoin has universal appeal), or allow the foundation to work both sides of the aisle. My bet would be on the latter.
Like it or hate it, it looks to me like 'The Bitcoin Foundation' is going to have some teeth and staying power. Hopefully it will be just effective enough to stop negative government interference, while remaining weak enough that it won't pose a threat to Bitcoin in and of itself.
@_date: 2014-01-08 22:01:03
Longish interview (about an hour).
Mostly just a Q&amp;A about what Bitcoin is and its recent history. Intelligent discussion. Good production values.
Recommended for anyone trying to grasp what Bitcoin is and what some of its potential uses are.
@_date: 2014-03-28 00:44:04
The show was positive, but was lacking substance.
It's mostly a 2014 'what is Bitcoin' information piece.
There were two main guests Marc Andreessen (who has this week become an excellent high-profile advocate/speaker for Bitcoin, go Mark)....and Susan Athey from Ripple of all places?
Full points to Ripple's PR team getting their person on the show, but that isn't the right person to bring into a discussion about Bitcoin. It's like if someone did a show about this neat new TCP/IP thing which is going to create the 'internet' and they brought in a Novel Netware sales rep to help explain what TCP/IP is. 
The start of the show was a mini-rant about how the vast majority doesn't care about Bitcoin, but there is a small vocal minority who won't shut up about it, and I think sets the tone for the show.
This was a minimum effort podcast, which explains  how Susan Athey got on.
I'm sure lots of people will feel good about how positive the Bitcoin message was overall, and how it will help bring more attention to the masses. My personal opinion is that there is nothing really to be too excited about here.
@_date: 2014-01-13 06:20:44
Article summary: Chinese investors are desperate to invest in any asset with their 22% rate of inflation. Because of this, there are many bubbles in China ranging from housing to their own stock market. As long as the bubbles benefit the government, then they are allowed. Since Bitcoin doesn't benefit the government, and many Chinese citizens will be hurt if it crashes, the Chinese government is likely to take steps to shut Bitcoin down.
The tone of the article is Chinese-centric (without Chinese investor support, Bitcoin is doomed).  In this manor I'm reminded of some of the recent Indian articles, that likewise assume that India is the center of the Bitcoin universe. Probably the same with the US/Western articles, but as an American those biases no doubt float under my radar. :)
Maybe it is a covertly government-sponsored article (Bio of the author refers to him as an 'independent economist'), maybe it isn't. IMHO, it doesn't really matter, as there is no end to private Bitcoin haters elsewhere in the world, why would China be different?
Worth reading the article to get a Chinese flavor of a negative Bitcoin story.  All-in-all I have to say that this is a refreshingly new point of view with vs the endless Krugman, or gold-bug anti-Bitcoin articles. 
There is a lot of vitriolic hate in this article (Bitcoin = ponzi scheme), but it places a uniquely Chinese spin on the negative Bitcoin story. Who knows, maybe the author has a point or two? A sudden 10x increase in price, mostly it seems coming from Chinese demand, does point to a bit of a speculative mania.
It will be interesting (and no doubt entertaining) to see what form negative news coming out of China takes as the country struggles with this new technology.
Any country ambitious enough to attempt to selectively block the entire internet, is no doubt going to come up with something likewise gargantuan to deal with the economic-freedom threat that Bitcoin poses.
Or at least I hope they do. Bitcoin needs to be solidly tested in a hostile environment for it to both prove and improve itself. I think the Chinese government would be the perfect adversary.
@_date: 2014-03-03 16:51:27
"Ver and Powell were set to work through the weekend, but when they arrived at the companys tiny office that Saturday, there was a surprise. Mark Karpeles had decided to take the weekend off."
I've worked as a software developer for many years with many companies both large and small.
The thought of taking the weekend off (hell, even taking the night off during a crises where the site is down) just doesn't compute.
Then coming in on monday and stuffing envelopes?
It would be one thing if Karpeles was just a manager type, but from the story it is clear he was playing the role of the master architect/coder of the site.
This just blows my mind. I try to place myself in Karpeles shoes to try to figure out his mindset and I just can't do it.
@_date: 2014-01-02 15:00:20
Downvote because not Bitcoin specific.
Almost certainly you are feeling the effects of recent US Tax avoidance legislation.
@_date: 2014-03-30 12:00:28
Surprised nobody has said this yet: Satoshi Nakamoto 
Not much talk lately, but there is no doubt that attention is/would be paid to any utterance, and in general most think highly of him/her/it/they.
@_date: 2014-04-05 11:48:55
The article is overall pretty positive regarding Bitcoin.  Not sure why you highlighted that one sentence to make it appear otherwise.
IMHO this is a light-hearted friendly explanatory article. In fact, one of the better ones I've read.
@_date: 2014-01-02 19:40:47
Huh? How did I put words in this dudes mouth?
peaceisreason as I read him makes the following points:
1. Government is an evil prison/slave controlling entity.
2. Bitcoin is designed to appeal to libertarians (usually seen as the exact opposite of the evil control-freak government types).
3. IMF/WB (Usually synonymous with evil government) desire something with many/all of the features that Bitcoin has (which seems a bit odd, but OK).
It isn't my fault if what peaceisreason is saying doesn't make logical sense.  
Please, I am honestly confused here. Break it down for me. What am I missing?
My guess is that there is some jargon term(s) used by those that enjoy conspiracies masking as ordinary language that I'm unaware of.
@_date: 2014-05-12 15:50:16
The attack is to make URL providers wary of providing services to unidentified parties. Either accuse them of aiding and abetting and/or being part of a criminal conspiracy.
This would make it difficult for targeted individuals needing URL provider services to make use of large, well-run services.
The attack isn't cryptographic in nature, it is legal.
@_date: 2014-01-06 13:05:58
@_date: 2014-01-04 05:19:54
It is relatively simple to create an alternative coin and so there are lots of people doing it.
"Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity."
@_date: 2014-07-30 11:15:50
I wonder how much Ripple pays for these articles.
In general I don't mind alt-coins, even the scam ones are usually entertaining at least.
However, the Ripple team goes out of its way to consistently advertise itself in the scummiest way possible.
There is selling a dream that will likely never materialize (most alt-coins), and then there is the bait and switch (which is Ripples main selling tactic, of which this article is a perfect example).
Both are questionable ways to sell, but if bait and switch is all you have, then it is obvious you are selling a bad product which you yourself know is bad.
@_date: 2014-07-22 02:00:23
Well thought out, well written article.
I think gateways are a decent temporary hack, however I don't think the 'gateway' solution will be viable over the long term.
I good analogy is telephone and VOIP from the perspective of the '90s.
The gateway approach is similar to saying that users would continue to use their local telephone service they are familiar with (including telephone numbers), and behind the scenes the regional telephone service providers would use the internet to connect calls.
The use telephone  over VOIP solution was tried (businesses existed that sold this service and still do), but in the end users found it cheaper/more convenient to simply use VOIP directly (especially for international calls).
Today you have Skype id and you have your cell phone number (yes it is possible to pay Skype extra money to connect the two systems, but it isn't particularly popular to do so and is mostly a legacy thing like having a fax machine in the office).
The important thing to realize is that services like Skype are eating services like telephone service. When I was growing up I had all my friends telephone  memorized. Now I have none of them memorized, and I can barely recall my own 
Instead I communicate directly with people depending on what services we both use and is most convenient at the moment (Skype, Facebook, Google+, etc).
I can easily imagine a future where I no longer have a telephone # (or I'll have one only when needed, it will be something like a google voice  or fax-&gt;email services).
As more and more people use Bitcoin (and other crypto currencies) the utility of having a separate 'local' currency fades as more and more people join the Bitcoin (and perhaps other) cyrpto-currency  networks. Instead, the idea of a 'local' currency dies and is replaced with the concept of what currency networks I share with others.
Sure people think in terms of Dollars/Yen *today* but that is a temporary thing due to how large the Dollar/Yen networks are today compared to the other networks.
I also want to say that I think the whole 'users *need* the ability to challenge payment' is overblown. 99.9% of amount of money I spend per month goes to vendors I trust (because vendors spend a LOT of effort to gain my trust).
People don't typically use CC chargebacks if they don't like a product.  They return the product, and the vendor *willingly* refunds to protect their reputation with the customer and the wider public.
In fact,  if the vendor seems shady I would much rather send them bitcoins vs giving them my CC address/telephone # which is what is required today.
I wish Stripe well. I think they can make a lot of money during the transitional phase, and if they play their cards right can continue to be a big name in offering value-added payment services as the Dollar/Yen network is replaced by Bitcoin/cryptocurrencies.
**tl;dr** Fiat-&gt;Bitcoin gateways are like telephone gateways (perhaps temporarily useful, but ultimately redundant). It's good that Stripe has smart people looking at how they can provide services during the transition.
@_date: 2014-08-23 20:18:42
I like Mises, but he got it wrong here. I also think that the article's interpretation is justified.
The only use of Bitcoin for 99.9% of people at this point in time is as a form of money. Blockchain tech is useful for other things, but for *Bitcoin* in particular it is used as a mechanism to promote its use as money.
Here is a definition of a commodity:
I think the "economic good" use is the proper meaning in this context.
Mises is clearly saying that only something that people think has value *exclusive* of its value as money can be money.
"...it must have had value independent of its use as a medium of exchange, or in other words, be a commodity."
Paying miner fees or needing some to 'make transactions' isn't an 'economic good' unless bitcoins were *already* money. Those goods aren't *independant* from the money-use value. You could say the same things about any fiat currency, and I don't think anyone would suggest that fiat currencies are a commodity.
Mises wasn't a god, he was a smart man who was kind enough to share his intellect with the world. I think he got a lot of things right and was a genius in many ways, but alas he was human and made some mistakes. If Austrian economics is stay relevant it needs to continually re-evaluate and reject bad theories and replace them with better ones. Otherwise it's a religion and deserves to be relegated to history.
@_date: 2014-04-17 07:07:20
On the one hand: yea a comic devoted to Bitcoin...on the other hand: rarely funny.
I applaud the effort, but I cringe way more than I laugh.
I'm not going to say stop, but please get better (find a comedy partner maybe?). I want to laugh, I truly do. :)
@_date: 2014-04-06 04:08:10
I think if you are going to be a serious advocate, enthusiast, or investor in Bitcoin it is responsible (and fun) to look at alternatives and try to peek around the corner.
The article doesn't mention it, but there is a major difference between Bitcoin and Ethereum: the scripting language in ethereum is turing complete. If you are a software developer you now have a hard-on (and that fact should interest you, even if you don't know who Alan Turing is, because so go the software geeks, goes the software).
I've been following Bitcoin for years. Aside from Namecoin, this is the first alt-coin that has captured my imagination and I've started to pay attention to.
The important thing to realize at this point is that Ethereum is still vapor-ware. It hasn't launched, and the software is still in the pre-alpha proof-of-concept phase. It could turn out to be technically unworkable, socially/financially unworkable, or the some/all of the people running the project could turn out to be incompetent or evil.
It is also quite possible for Bitcoin and Ethereum to live happily together, and in fact strengthen one another. To make a hardware analogy: 
* Bitcoin would be like a GPU (very fast and efficient, but focused on only one task (currency)).
* Ethereum would be like a CPU (orders of magnitude slower, but capable of performing any task imaginable).
GPUs extend the reach of what is possible for CPUs, but CPUs open up entire new worlds of possibilities. Together the they make a whole worth much more than the sum of the parts.
I encourage anyone who has a genuine interest in Bitcoin, beyond a simple get-rich-quick mentality, to look into Ethereum and try to understand what implications it might have for Bitcoin and the idea of crypto-currencies in general.
@_date: 2014-02-24 13:21:06
Because there is no guarantee that they haven't been 'borrowing' the coins. Good or bad the fact of the matter is that there is no 3rd party oversight for most of these exchanges.
Every business has to pay bills, and sometimes the bills 'temporarily' outweigh the amount coming in. If one is surrounded by money, and no one is watching, it is tempting to dip in to customer funds as a free loan.
@_date: 2014-03-29 05:57:55
It was unfortunate in that it was used only in examples of how it could be used to limit people's abilities rather than expanding them.
It also assumes that all the merchants of the world would obey the colorers wishes (when they almost certainly would not), so it was just a plain old wrong way of explaining (like explaining email as a mechanism by which the USPS could quickly scan all letters, filter out bad-people letters, and thus make sure no evil-doers could communicate).
A positive example of colored coins would be to tie a title for a physical object (say a house) to a particular coin. To prove title all you have to do is prove you own the private key that owns the coin (by signing a message with that key). To transfer title all you have to do is send that coin to the new owner.
You can also implement fractional ownership for things like corporations. The company sells the colored coins to raise capital for the venture, then the share-holders can vote by signing their ballots via their private keys in proportion the the number of coins they own.
@_date: 2014-01-23 20:47:53
My 2c and reading of the tea leaves:
The price went up 10x relatively quickly on almost no 'real' news or major change in the fundamentals (BTC China allowed money to flow in from Chinese speculators, the US government held a hearing where it was concluded that Bitcoin wasn't illegal (pretty much as expected), popular media reporting 'ooh look the price of this magic-internet-money is has gone up!').
The fact that the price hasn't crashed back down to October levels is the odd thing, and is likely the result of the good news that has since changed some of the real fundamentals (porn industry starting to embrace, various clarifications of tax rules internationally, etc).
In short, the price moved ahead of the real news because it turns out the speculators who took a risk and bought in November were right after all.
Further relatively minor but expected good news events are likely to simply keep Bitcoin at the current level until the sudden 10x jump has been seen to be 'justified'. It might even go down over time if the 'real' bitcoin market price was overshot by the speculators attempting to guess the future.
@_date: 2014-08-12 16:51:59
I think there is a difference in being honestly mistaken, and being a willing participant in a movement to hide and refute the truth.
Reputation is meaningful when deciding if it is worth the time and effort to pay attention to someone.
When a science denier makes statements regarding technology (or pretty much anything related to the corporeal world) I agree that it is safe (and probably wise) to disregard their opinion. Yes, a broken clock is on occasion correct, but that doesn't mean it is a useful device for telling time.
Newton's interest in alchemy was, as far as I know not being a Newton scholar, an *honest* attempt to understand the world given the limited tools and knowledge of his time. Anyone associated with 'intelligent design' is not being honest, or is so fantastically misinformed and uncritical, that their opinion carries the weight of a child.
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:00:37
Good questions. 
* what are you invested in bitcoin for?
I see it as the most *realistic* means by which ordinary people can fight back against being exploited by organizations much larger than themselves (governmental, corporate, etc).
* Do you want it to be a substitute for current hard currencies?
Yes, though 'alternative' is the phrase I would use. Bitcoin has the potential to keep other fiat currencies 'honest', while still allowing for their continued existence.
* Are you invested to make money off speculation?
No. The price is of little interest to me. I would much rather a billion people had a Bitcoin wallet than a bitcoin be worth a billion dollars. Success for me is measured in number of active users, not in the bitcoin/USD ratio.
* What is your long term view of bitcoin?
I think blockchain based technologies will change humanity in a very similar way to how the internet changed us. It will make it easier for people everywhere on the planet to commerce like the internet made it easier to communicate. And not just by a little. By whole orders of magnitude.
It is likely that Bitcoin will remain dominant, but the technology is still very young, and I would expect other exciting offshoots to form a sort of blockchain-based technology ecosystem. 
In the distant future I can foresee blockchain-systems replacing many of the bedrock institutions society relies on: contracts, corporations, representative voting, arbitration/judicial systems, etc. Essentially any entity that employs or relies on humans to act in an honest/trustworthy/incorruptible way.
edit: formatting
@_date: 2014-05-14 23:39:28
Fake bitcoins? Interesting logic. :)
@_date: 2014-01-07 10:12:51
Why bother responding at all? 
Sometimes it is just better to ignore the old guard when they make pronouncements on why a new technology will never work. If they can make a clear case as to why they are correct, then that is one thing. But his argument doesn't fall into that category, and what he is saying is mostly just rehashing things he has read from his peers.
That being said, it is entertaining to tear a bad argument apart. So here goes...
"Bitcoin doesnt measure up to these three standards because its not a stable store of value...they are never likely to be used seriously as a unit of account."
It's a circular argument: bitcoins are currently more volatile than other currencies, therefore no-one will use it as money, therefore it will remain unstable, and no-one will use it as money.
If you lack the *capability* to understand why bitcoins might *gain* in marketshare (because maybe they have new uses and features that the other currencies don't?) then you will never accept that the volatility will reduce as the currency gains acceptance. It will always be perceived like a bubble pushed by hype.
"In my view, bitcoins arent  a serious threat to any major convertible currencies because these currencies can each be used for all types of payments at home within their country of origin"
In other words because the USD exists and people currently accept the USD for payments, Bitcoin can never replace the USD in the US. That is about the laziest, least thoughtful argument I've ever read. I feel certain that Mr. Greenwood would have said something similar about the horse replacing the steam engine, or the cellphone replacing the landline.
He isn't raising any new points of interest and his argument is essentially: I don't understand Bitcoin, therefore most likely it's a fad and will go away. Plus we already have a currency, so why would anyone want another one?
This article is the epitome of closed-minded defensive rhetoric. I have no idea who John Greenwood's is, but almost certainly it is time for him to make way for the next generation.
@_date: 2014-01-04 02:19:29
It's easy to say 'nowhere' because of its decentralized nature, but the humans related to bitcoin balances still have a physical location.
Using this map:
The US and Western Europe currently dominate. Probably not enough concentration at this point to call any city a 'center'.
As for the future my best guess would be Singapore. It's already a center for international trade and finance, and at least for now appears to be a very Bitcoin friendly legal environment.
@_date: 2014-07-16 00:51:35
Looked at the history of this user:
Interesting to me that there are only 2 posts and the first one is six hours before this one.
The text of the first post looks very much like a hype building post. 
Hinting at a "BIG BIG BIG" scandal including the words "I think more corruption stuff is going to come out soon." (yet no mention of actually possessing the emails).
Now it could just be that the person using this account is quite excited about his information and is trying to promote it's release. 
But obviously if the information is that good one would have to ask why it needs the promotion?
Also, if one was scared of legal action of posting why would they post in the very forum they are scared about? The internet and reddit itself has lots of places one could ask about how to release sensitive information safely without mentioning how or what it is related to or about.
There is a lot of distrust about the Bitcoin Foundation and the people moderating Bitcoin forums (some of which is justified IMHO) so I don't want to defend those groups. 
However, at the end of the day it is hard for me to buy that this is a legitimate call for help.
If the user is a real person really looking for help on how to release information safely I'd strongly encourage them to search for forums directly related sharing sensitive information safely and only using the directly affected forums when ready to release the information.
Good luck if you do indeed 'have the goods'.
@_date: 2014-04-05 12:47:47
I've reposted the article here:
@_date: 2014-01-02 14:53:48
The more I hear about India relating in relation to Bitcoin the more confused I become.
I can understand being wary or even hostile to Bitcoin, but to be so clueless at this stage begs belief.
I suppose it's a reminder that Bitcoin is still a early in its  global adoption.  One gets used to regular news pieces on CNBC and such. It is easy to be fooled that the rest of the world runs at the same pace.
I have to admit it is also a bit comical reading the adventures what appear to be a group of keystone cops trying to organize a protection racket targeting the magic internet money via type-written letters.
I wish Unocoin all the best, but I also hope to read more entertaining details of their struggle with the Indian tax authority.
@_date: 2014-06-12 04:21:29
"With great power comes great responsibility" -Voltaire
I think eventually most people will pay to store any significant amount of bitcoin savings with a trusted/insured 3rd party for a small fee. Similar to paying for a safety deposit box from the bank.
The nice thing about Bitcoin is that one doesn't need to trust just a single institution (MofN keys), and for services like Blockchain.com you don't even need to trust them with the 'money' itself, just the protection of their website. There is a lot of room for innovation and I expect to see several novel Bitcoin safe-deposit services spring up over time.
Another nice potential side effect is that it may cause normal computer users to actually become concerned about computer security, which could lead to security becoming more of a focus which protects us all.
@_date: 2014-03-30 12:10:25
Just reviewed your recent post history.
IMHO I don't see any sign of you being downvoted inappropriately. Examples?
@_date: 2014-03-24 02:30:32
The world GDP grows by approximately 2% per year.
Therefore, it is reasonable to assume then that once the Bitcoin 'takeover' happens that the rate of deflation will be 2% (also assuming that all/most Bitcoins have been mined).
This means that loans for business activities which are less than 2%/year profitable won't happen (and really shouldn't happen as they are economically inefficient).
Consumer loans are a bit different (because it is desire for the product, not profitability that needs to be examined). 
If the asset depreciates in value (like a car), then the rate of depreciation has to be tied into the loan (so that the bank is covered in case of default) and the value of the car at the end of the loan is still worth more than the remaining loan amount.
Imagine a car that is worth 10 BTC now and will be worth 5 BTC 5 years from now.
The bank will happily loan at least 50% (5 BTC) of the new car's value today for the promise of payments worth at least 5.52 BTC over 5 years assuming they are happy with a 4% real rate of return (which seems reasonable for both consumer and lender).
So car loans are still possible as long as the real rate of return for the bank is above the 2% threshold and the consumer is happy to pay at least 2%/year BTC 'extra' for the car now vs 5 years from now (which I think most would be).
If the asset appreciates or stays steady (like a house) then the same applies because the bank is even more protected and so is the consumer (assuming no crash in housing market).
The question to ask is if it is worth it for the *consumer* to take a loan of if the currency is depreciating.
The consumer will have to pay a rate of interest at *least* equal to the 'risk free rate' of 2% (just holding on to money).
For a house, over the course of 30 years the bank needs to make a profit above the 2% it gets 'risk free' by just holding onto the money. A mortgage where the consumer pays 1%/year will be an 'effective profit' of 3%/year for the lender and the bank will happily do this (current US/USD rates are about 4% with inflation eating around 1% so a 'real profit' of 3% is reasonable).
Assuming that the housing market keeps pace with global GDP then then consumer should be able to sell his house after 30 years for the *same* amount of BTC that was originally asked (a 1,000 BTC house in 2014 will still sell for 1,000 BTC in 2044 but 1,000 BTC in 2044 will be worth considerably more than 1,000 BTC in 2014). The consumer will of course have payed more than 1,000 BTC to the bank, but would have gotten to live in the house for 30 years which is presumably worth the extra amount paid to the bank.
The key takeaway is that instead of the FED setting the 'risk free' rate (essentially what a US Bond sells for), global GDP will set the 'risk free' rate for lenders.
This is a good thing for the economy because it means that both consumers and businesses will use the *real* global risk-free rate of interest to determine if taking the loan is 'worth it' to them or not, and it will adjust automatically depending on the real productive output of the global economy.
@_date: 2014-01-08 11:14:08
"Bitcoin is unquestionably too pricey to be considered as a legitimate alternative to the dollar. The average American quite simply cant afford to own Bitcoins, and few are technologically savvy enough to mine them. This is one major obstacle standing in the way of Bitcoins widespread acceptance."
One honestly has to wonder why someone so math challenged (fractions have existed for thousands of years, this isn't a difficult concept to grasp) would attempt to make a career of examining financial markets.
The rest of the article is mostly just chart analysis, from which one could derive just about any story one wanted to make. And it isn't even particularly clear what the story the author is attempting to be put forward is.
@_date: 2014-05-03 16:05:11
"I remain curious however what are your thoughts on if any regarding cryptcurrencies and Bitcoins in general. More specifically their effect on the global economy."
"I have no opinion about it. I suspect that it is a fad that will lead to some crises and collapse, but uh....(shrugs shoulders)".
@_date: 2014-01-04 05:08:20
URL to press release?
Your reddit user account is 4 hrs old with zero history so some proof would be nice. :)
edit: several redditors appear to confirm that the checkout process includes payment via bitcoin. yea :)
@_date: 2014-05-31 23:19:22
2^256 is such a huge number already that it would take astronomical amounts of power to get anywhere close to this being a problem.
The current difficulty is 10455720138
2^256 is:
If collisions were to become an issue, it would be trivial to change from a hash length of 256 bits to something larger like 512, 1k, ect. All it would take is for there to be a general consensus that 256 bits is no longer secure.
@_date: 2014-01-04 01:57:09
Per the community rules section:
"News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news."
edit: mis-click typo
@_date: 2014-06-02 00:08:26
I like innovation and this is an innovative idea.
But I'd personally never use a *any* wallet that charged me per transaction. Especially not a Bitcoin wallet where the price is so volatile.
I also hope it is made **VERY** clear to the user that this fee is being charged. Otherwise, I can foresee lots of pissed off users and hurt feelings.
Still, I wish them the best of luck and will remain curious if this catches on.
@_date: 2014-02-14 04:49:51
I think it is reasonable to assume that the price on Mt. Gox is specific to Mt. Gox, and no longer tied to the rest of the Bitcoin economy.
However, that doesn't mean that having one of the largest exchanges suddenly go 'poof' wouldn't effect the *real* price of Bitcoin elsewhere.
There were a lot of coins/liquidity on Mt. Gox so if it fails, it will hurt the overall Bitcoin economy, at least temporarily.
The lower the price goes on Mt. Gox ,the more it indicates that people believe that particular exchange has failed. It is that potential failure that is driving the 'real' BTC price elsewhere.
Since Mt. Gox the company is a black hole with no information forthcoming, the only way people have to judge if Mt. Gox is likely to fail is the Mt. Gox price itself (since presumably those trading on the exchange have the best insight about the exchange).
The fact that Mt. Gox hasn't halted trading IMHO is the interesting bit of the story. I remember the last time their internal technical glitch caused a major disruption in the price that they had no qualms about stopping trading 'to let the market cool down'.
The fact that they haven't stopped trading this time (when it would be the ethical thing to do since they are no longer a functioning exchange) is odd. It is hard to make a case that they have their customers best interest at heart, when it is obvious that their customers are purely betting on the solvency of the exchange (an exchange that isn't able to send out fiat or BTC isn't a legit place to exchange one form or currency for another).
By continuing to clear trades internally and *accept* new money from outside, I think Mt. Gox is potentially crossing the line from 'incompetent' to potentially 'criminal'. And *that* is the real bombshell waiting to explode: if authorities have to step in to close the exchange.
@_date: 2014-07-01 15:52:59
Agreed for now, but I think it would be relatively easy for an oil producing country to bankroll a highly liquid/trustworthy bitcoin/fiat options/futures business.
Then oil priced in BTC could be cleared via the derivative contract (European oil buyer sends Euros to buy a BTC/Euro contract, transfers the contract to the seller to purchase the oil, who can then buys/sells the contract currency pair they eventually want to 'cash out' in so Euros become Yen, Dollars (or maybe even BTC))
BTC becomes a sort of neutral intermediary currency between buyers and sellers. It sets the price and acts as a hedge against fiat currency risk. The actual amount of BTC flowing into/out of the market might be very small compared to the trading volume, so a small BTC 'market cap' wouldn't be a problem.
So it is possible for a determined oil producer to do this relatively quickly if they decide to. A headache to be sure, but possible, and the benefits of selling your international good in a neutral currency might be worth the pain.
@_date: 2014-02-20 13:46:10
It is hard to fathom how a business owner who wanted to protect their *business* (which is based on trust, people are trusting you with their most precious possession, their *money*) would react to 3 protestors by suddenly changing locations.
Closing shop at the first 'hint' of disgruntled customers showing up outside your door, is not the proper way to instill confidence that your business is trustworthy (blaming them for your technical incompetence is just plain cringeworthy).
I was originally thinking that Mt.Gox would most likely limp along for at least another few months (perhaps even be bought out by someone).
Now I'm leaning more to a notice of suspension of business activities within the next few weeks.
They have *burned* their reputation (by being about as cold and callous to their customers as it is possible to be, never-mind being outed as complete idiots from a technical standpoint). It is going to be very difficult for them to attract new customers going forward, and hard to imagine a current customer not jumping ship if ever given the opportunity.
Sad times all around. Hopefully this will put more pressure on the other exchanges to *prove* their solvency and be more open and accountable in general.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger. This is going to be a major bummer for a lot of people near the roots of the Bitcoin community (since Mt.Gox was among the first exchanges). However, I fully expect those hardy souls to pick themselves up after the dust clears and work towards making sure it is much less likely to happen again.
My heart goes out to anyone with a Mt.Gox account balance. 
@_date: 2014-07-30 12:31:49
I think this chart shows better the overall rate of change of transactions:
It excludes 'popular addresses' to get a truer feel for real transaction volume.
It seems we've hit a steady-state of about 50-60k transactions/day. 
Here is the exchange trade volume:
Again, it does seem as though trade volume is decreasing a bit, but this doesn't appear to be anything new or dramatic.
In fact, now that there are mechanisms for shorting/leveraging it is probably odd that these figures haven't fallen further as the speculators move to those types of instruments rather than buying and selling 'raw'.
It is hard to measure user growth, but almost certainly it is related to google searches:
It is dropping/leveling off, which is concerning, but still looks to be growing excluding the spikes.


None of these figures point to any sort of impending crises. Bitcoin experienced huge investor growth when China came online, and experienced huge user growth when when its price subsequently went parabolic.  It isn't surprising that since that time the growth in user interest has waned a bit, and big money moves like China don't happen every month.
However, The fundamentals of Bitcoin are still sound, and are getting stronger over time. Bitcoin is getting a steady stream of high-profile companies adopting. Bitcoin is no longer banned on iPhones, and China investors don't look like to be going away anytime soon.
Overall nothing spells doom. If anything, the lack of major price volatility combined with vindication that Bitcoin is good for retailers cements its currency use value.
At this point, excluding another price spike, I would expect user adoption to be rather slow and steady for the next few years until it reaches a critical number of users. 
A boring Bitcoin is a Bitcoin that wins the race, because at the end of the day it *really is* a better form of money.
@_date: 2014-05-10 18:03:22
Concerning your point  I agree that payment URLs, and services that associate names with payment information are a good and useful thing for most people. It's just that such services are inherently weak against attack, which again is fine for most people, because most people don't require 'hardcore privacy'. 
However, for those that do require 'hardcore privacy' using an easily attacked service is inappropriate. I think that stealth addresses are useful for those with 'hardcore privacy' needs, not the general public.  Therefore, I think it is best that stealth addresses not rely on weak infrastructure if possible.
Concerning your point  Redundancy does increase reliability, but at the cost of increased complexity. I'm also skeptical that this helps the hardcore user at all. The attacker can play 'whack a mole' with the payment url providers. This eventually devolves into there only being a few services catering to the needs of the 'hardcore privacy' set.  I think a good analogy is anonymous email. 
It seems to me that your solutions come at great cost to solve a problem that still remains even if the solutions are adopted: 'blockchain bloat' would still be possible because the blockchain is an attractive place to store information for a wide variety of services.
I think if **blockchain bloat** is the problem that needs resolution, then only a *general solution* to the blockchain bloat problem will work. Piecemeal solutions that attempt to address every edge case where someone wants to add extra data to their transaction is going to be a never-ending battle that creates lots of anguish with no reward.
I stand by my original statement that modification of the bitcoin protocol is the only way to solve the 'bloat problem'.
@_date: 2014-01-04 06:20:31
It seems to me that localbitcoins.com + Bitcoin network = Hawala already.
No need for any additional infrastructure/service. 
Also, nothing stopping existing Hawala brokers from using bitcoin to settle transactions between themselves already. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 12:43:43
1. Yes, if a majority of the miners colluded to change the rules and give themselves extra rewards then it would happen. However, if they did that, then the purchasing power of bitcoin would plummet (probably to zero) as everyone lost faith in the currency. Because miners realize this, there is no financial gain to be had by such collusion.
@_date: 2014-06-11 02:57:40
I highly recommend watching the video referenced in the article:
It's true that mobsters can (and do) use money gained via extortion and scamming (taxes and inflation) to fuel the growth and expansion of their empires.
The important thing to realize however is that **if** the victims have an an option of *leaving* the area (moving to another city not controlled by that mob) that this reduces the power of the mobster.
As people leave, this reduces the food for the predator, and eventually it weakens and starves.
More importantly, if the predator sees that its food source (people) are leaving because it is too aggressive, it motivates the predator to change its ways, and try its best to accommodate the defectors. 
Either way (reducing the power of the predator by denying it food, or modifying its behavior (if it is intelligent enough to recognize the threat of it's food source picking up and leaving) exiting the area (even to a small extent, temporarily, or imperfectly) is a viable option that empowers the victims while simultaneously harming the aggressor.
The perfect is the enemy of the good. 51% of the population doesn't have to adopt Bitcoin for Bitcoin to have a large effect on how the world works.
I think your argument that fiat currency finances war is both historically accurate, but no longer relevant in the modern era.
What are the odds that Canada and the US go to war?  Or the US and Germany? Or the US and China?
Almost zero I would argue, because in the modern era we trade *extensively* and are much more dependant on one another for survival.
Today, a country's economic strength is much more important than its military strength.
I would argue that a country that adopted free markets and Bitcoin would have an economic advantage over any country that tried to control its economy via central banks and fiat currency.
And a rich country can better afford to pay for its protection than a poor country can afford to steal to aggress against its neighbors.
So at the end of the day fiat might be used to *fight* a war, but use of Bitcoin can *prevent* wars before they start.
@_date: 2014-01-20 21:57:18
We have been using it for several months now to pay some of our suppliers in places like Mexico and Nicaragua because it is simply a far more efficient method of payment,
Better title: "Cigar Maker Pays Suppliers in Bitcoin", that is the interesting part of the story.
@_date: 2015-08-26 15:41:03
I think we are just going to have to agree to disagree here.
You're definition of a 'fork without altering the bitcoin protocol' isn't a fork. What you are describing is just a different client UI (what people typically describe as different wallet software). 
An alt-coin is a different blockchain, not a fork in this sense. The way you can tell the difference is that one can't spend their Litecoin balance using the Bitcoin blockchain. However,  one can spend their bitcoins on either of the Bitcoin forks.
Bitcoin has actually had hard forks before. The only difference this time is the fact that the development team itself is divided, and so this time the fork is more controversial. Compounding this is the fact that the usual discussion forums are being actively censored, which of course just like Streisand discovered only ends up creating more attention and controversy.
edit: typo
@_date: 2015-08-26 13:28:27
Since this is one of the bullet points of the post I'm assuming it is on topic.
The addition of 'Promotion of a client software....', and similar 'anti specific bitcoin client' censorship on major discussion forums, harms the debate about these clients and ultimately harms 'Bitcoin' in its attempt to compete with other block chain technologies.
The reason it is harmful is because 'forking', especially 'hostile forking' is a legitimate, helpful, mechanism for improving open source software by introducing competition.
If a particular blockchain attempts to quash competitive-client forks it is harming itself in the long term by not giving itself access to potentially helpful 'software genes' for the sake of 'remaining pure'.
If Bitcoin is to remain viable in the long term then it MUST evolve over time. That means welcoming competition and having the attitude of 'may the best fork survive'.
Otherwise Bitcoin will be eclipsed by other blockchains with a healthier, less fearful attitude towards change.
@_date: 2012-08-08 03:01:56
Interesting.  Thanks for the response.  So I guess this lends Matonis at least a little 'Forbes credibility' since they are paying directly for the article and hosting it under their domain, but obviously not as much as if he were in the print/main edition.
@_date: 2012-12-20 20:08:56


The target PC is running and...
...the attacker/investigator is able to obtain a memory dump.
Nothing interesting to see here. Memory dumps always contain the key.
@_date: 2012-12-21 18:42:17
What you are describing is a protection racket.
Eventually one of two things will happen:
1. The government will figure out a way to deal with the racketeers.
2. The racketeers will become the new government.
Taxes will be collected by *someone* who promises to protect you. The only question is which group to pay off.
Take the assassination-contract scenario which seems the scariest.  If the government isn't able to provide credible protection, then the assassins would do best financially to offer a deal whereby they *don't* kill you, in exchange for a steady chunk of your yearly income (but not too much because then it is best for you to go into hiding). Now the tables are turned, and the assassins will attempt to see to it that you aren't killed by other assassin-groups (because steady-income is much preferable to hit-or-miss income). 
Also, the anonymous crypto-currency-funded hit-squads work two ways.  
If a group gains too much notoriety then it becomes attractive to setup a fund (assassination market) to kill off the group/individual making the threats. "You caught me with my pants down so I'll pay off the $100 for protection this time. However, I'm going to invest in beefier security to make the physical attack harder, while simultaneously anonymously funding a group to go after those involved in the blackmail (and maybe also a separate fund to go after their friends and families too if I'm in a particularly evil mood (Kaczynski was turned in by his own brother even without this additional incentive))".
I do expect to see novel things like organized assassination-markets, but such organization sows the seeds of its own destruction.
@_date: 2012-11-01 19:52:07
It doesn't mention Bitcion specifically but I think Bitcoin definitely falls into the realm of an 'Alternative economic culture'.




I think the recognition that the new economics will be more network-based than hierarchical is important, and I feel that Bitcoin is going to be uniquely responsible for making this possible.  
Also, the fact that this new 'network economy' will effect the political reality can't be ignored. Bitcoin as the basis of an economy makes a new kind of political structure possible.
@_date: 2012-10-25 19:42:25
Fair enough, but there wouldn't be anything that prevents a government from creating such an exchange rate for Bitcoins and there are many examples of current government setting artificial exchange rates to manipulate their currency.
@_date: 2012-12-22 22:18:55
Cool.  My first bitcointip!  Thanks! :)
@_date: 2012-08-23 16:33:11
A different perspective:
Interesting how close the above tracks the bitcoin price:
@_date: 2012-07-18 05:43:21
Hang in there buddy.  Life sucks for all of us from time to time.  I hope the drugs are just a temporary relief, and that whatever is ailing you soon resolves itself.
@_date: 2012-07-17 02:27:57
If you're buying Bitcoin as a long-term investment I wouldn't be too concerned.  This is still extremely early days (most people are still unaware of what it is, few merchants able to transact with it yet).
The total BTC market is something like $100m which is so small as to be a rounding error compared to the global economy.
Assuming things go moderately well it isn't unthinkable that Bitcoin could trade at $100/BTC which will still mean an fantastical ROI.
Of course a home-run could mean $10000/BTC. 
And then of course it could also drop to zero.
Either way, getting in at $6 or $12 carries about the same risk/reward profile.
@_date: 2012-08-08 22:28:01
"Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. The third time its enemy action."
Hard to deduce a trend from two data points.
@_date: 2012-12-06 18:12:49
To me this really shows the power of Bitcoin's ability to persevere/thrive in multiple cultures/environments.
I personally wouldn't recommend or use a service so regulated, but I'm a small minority who knows what Bitcoin is, how it works, etc.  To me as an individual the privacy concern is too great.
However, I recognize that for established businesses, and the 'masses' the regulation will make adopting Bitcoin easier. In particular, anything that makes it easier for businesses to adopt Bitcoin I'm all for.
This also really shows off the power of a decentralized system like Bitcoin.  Bitcoin-Central is free to try to 'dance with the devil' and if it works out Bitcoin becomes stronger, and if it doesn't, the harm is contained, and Bitcoin becomes stronger because of the knowledge gained.
@_date: 2012-12-20 19:48:58
It would depend on the circumstances.
If it happened today and it realistically looked like it would be years/decades before communications was restored then Bitcoin would most likely become worthless to most people here and now. But as communications become restored, assuming Bitcoin isn't replaced outright with its successor, there is no reason whey one's wallet wouldn't regain it's value once society gets back on its feet.  The biggest risk would be Bitcoin 1.0 being replaced with Bitcoin 2.0 and/or human society never regaining the wealth and glory of its past (total nuclear war would be a long-term bummer).
If it happens 20 years in the future where Bitcoin has spread to become the dominant currency and the bad-thing isn't too bad then Bitcoin may never loose its value.  Even if the blockchains become temporarily fragmented this doesn't necessarily negate transactions, it just means there is a *possibility* of a double-spend (similar to the possibility of a fake $1 bill or fake gold coin).
Hypothetically lets assume that some big-bad-thing happens (smallish nuclear war/asteroid/etc), but some cities survive more-or-less intact but communication between cities is difficult.  Each city each has its own blockchain. If city-to-city communications are difficult for legitimate people, one can also assume it will be difficult for attackers which will hamper their ability to double-spend. So while some fraud might be possible its scope could be limited to an acceptable risk.
The larger cities will likely have the greatest computer power and so their block-chains will most likely 'win out' once re-integration happens. So it will be the people in smaller-cities that are most at risk, but they would also be the hardest for an attacker to reach, and the less goods/services there would be to steal making it less worth-while.
I can also well-imagine that 'double-spenders' would face quick and rough justice should their dirty-deeds come to light. The public transaction history would make most 'double-spenders' think twice I would think.
TL;DR: Assuming society has the ability to get back on its feet Bitcoins remain valuable post-apocalypse.
@_date: 2012-11-30 21:46:11
Because what neuters Iran today neuters the US Gov tomorrow.
@_date: 2012-08-08 22:44:36
Impossible to say.  
Bitcoin is in desperate need of a mechanism to profit from downside action (RIP Bitcoincica) to keep the price stable.  Until the next Bitcoinica arrives we are likely going to see a much more volatile  price in Bitcoins for the foreseeable future (meaning it is just as likely to go to 15 as 5 in the near term).
@_date: 2012-10-13 17:40:16
I'm torn.  This person seemed to come to what I consider the right conclusion (Bitcoin is money) for the wrong reason (thinking that Bitcoin is 'backed by electricity').  It seems that the concept of a completely non-physical currency is simply beyond his capacity to accept.
I suppose it goes to show how fundamentally reasoning isn't as powerful as action.  He will use and enjoy the benefits of Bitcoin even though he still remains slightly ignorant of how it 'really' works.
As he uses it and becomes more comfortable with it, he will gain trust in it and continue to use it, and the fact that he has a mistaken belief will almost certainly never be important.
The article is a bit old so I hope his understanding has evolved.  I also think it is important to point out the error in his reasoning.
@_date: 2012-07-17 02:07:10
I'm happy bitcoin is getting some love, but I'd love to know what is driving the price.  So much bad news recently (LIBOR/GOLD manipulation, Euro) and so many positives (Mastercard/Visa surcharges, new exchanges, ASICS online).
I'd feel a lot less jittery/more hopeful knowing what is really driving this.
@_date: 2012-07-19 16:40:16
Good article that explains some of the 'mechanical mysteries' of how Bitcoin works without being too technical.
@_date: 2012-09-11 15:31:07
If this article is to be believed, I think Bitcoin is now officially over the "but what can you spend it on?" hurdle, and will soon pass the mainstream acceptance hurdle.
It is a bit sad in a sentimental sort of way.  The end of the child-like 'anything is possible' geek era, and the beginning of the more grown-up business-driven 'bitcoin is a tool' era.  A bit like the pre-commercial/post-commercial internet.
I searched but was unable to find the URL to 'The Bitcoin Store'.  Anyone able to find it? 
@_date: 2012-07-25 21:53:42
Is the word 'cash' becoming a source of confusion?
 
I would consider Bitcoin a form of 'cash', but others seem to think of it as part of the trend towards a 'cashless society'.
It seems to me that 'cash' is more strongly related to 'anonymous money' than 'physical currency', and that people just can't quite get their heads around something digital being anonymous.
@_date: 2012-10-25 16:39:31
Thanks to [Gresham's Law]( and the power of the State to demand taxes in whatever form they want, government controlled fiat currency is likely be with us for a long time.
Bitcoin, I think, will continue to gain market share, but the ability to gain income through inflation will remain overwhelmingly attractive, providing the deep desire to keep government-controlled currencies alive.
While Bitcoin is a superior currency, that superiority doesn't mean absolute domination.
@_date: 2012-07-20 00:05:41
Congrats on owning a part of history.
Not a numismatists myself, but I would think that to truly get into the numismatic spirit with Bitcoins it would be best to look at the public/private addresses not owning something physical.  
For instance wouldn't it be interesting to own an address that was just one or two degrees of separation in terms of transaction history from an interesting transaction (a big theft, coins owned/minded by Satoshi, The first Alpaca sock purchase, etc..)?
@_date: 2012-12-22 22:41:04
Governments are well positioned and still have lots of free goodwill they can use to their benefit.  For instance, I'm sure all major carriers have willingly opened up their networks to the US Government, but relatively few have/will ever let private defense have similar access.
It's the government's game to loose at this point (and they do seem to be doing everything possible to guarantee failure :) ).
One thing to note is that such parallel defenses already exist (especially for the current problems one faces in society). There are no end of virus-protection companies, home-security services, etc.  
Virus protection in particular is the current market to watch IMHO, and lends credibility to the idea that large governments are simply unable to deal with such a wide range of fast-moving threats.
@_date: 2012-10-09 21:37:24
If ever there was a country in desperate need of Bitcoin it is Iran.
Iran is also a good proxy-battleground for the current state-of-the-art for Bitcoin, so I think this article is well-timed.  Any tools/techniques developed to make Bitcoin accessible to the Iranians would strengthen it for the coming battles down the line.
One solution I can think of not mentioned in the article is to have a diverse ecosystem of Bitcoin trusted clients (which already exists to some degree but could be better).
What are some ways to make the Bitcoin client more accessible for those in situations similar to Iran, Cuba, North Korea, etc... ?
@_date: 2012-08-08 06:19:25
I think the analogy with linux is apt.  Open source software generally isn't very user-friendly.  However what it lacks in beauty is usually made up for in robustness. Polish comes after (if at all).
It was impossible to guess how fast/slow Bitcoin would be adopted.  It is one of those 'this changes all the rules' technologies.  So I'm going to cut Satoshi some slack on what the rate of mining should be.  
Ultimately though it doesn't really make that much difference.  If you are currently holding millions in Bitcoin but have only a few thousand $ in the bank you are playing a very risky game with regards to your assets, and not that many people are that risk seeking.  There is some price at which one is compelled to sell.
It doesn't really matter if all the Gold/Bitcoin on earth came from one place or lots of places.  What matters is how much is above ground/already mined, and how much is being currently being mined.  It matters not to me if there is a vault in london with 100 tonnes of gold with one lucky owner, his owning 100 tonnes doesn't effect the value of my 1oz coin (unless he decides in a fit of furry to destroy it :))
The nice thing about Bitcoin is that we all know the numbers precisely (what has been mined, will be mined by when) 
What one wants in a currency is stability, not equality.
@_date: 2012-09-12 21:43:28
Bitcoin has only been around for 2-3 years, and is a radically new idea.  
To my mind this currently puts it in the high risk/high reward category, and should be treated accordingly for investment purposes.
What will determine its longterm value vs other currencies are peoples willingness to hold bitcoins instead of for example US dollars.
Right now I hold most of my cash in USD because most of the things I want to buy are priced in USD (Amazon purchases, gas, mortgage payment, etc...).  As more places start accepting bitcoin more people will want to hold bitcoin.  The more people want bitcoin vs dollars, the higher the bitcoin/USD ratio will go.
Currently there are 2.651 Trillion dollars (M0 money supply).  There are currently 9.925 Million bitcoins.   That is a ratio of 267,103 to 1. 
If _only_ USD holders are willing to hold just 1% of their current cash holdings in bitcoins that would value bitcoins at something like $1,262 per bitcoin.
So there is plenty of 'growth potential'.  Of course it could also fall to zero, so there is plenty of 'decline potential' as well. :)
@_date: 2012-08-08 04:10:39
There is no fundamental difference between a mined bitcoin, and one purchased via Mt.Gox.  
If you can buy more coins now then you could mine over time with the same amount of money (cost of machine + cost of electricity), then it makes more sense to just buy them outright.
Plus it is important to keep in mind that while Bitcoin is truly awesome...it is only 3 years old. :)  It is barely on anyone's radar and hasn't faced a real challenge from a powerful enemy willing to put time and money into destroying it.  The US spends BILLONS on illegal drug eradication, how much do you think it would spend to keep the US dollar preeminent?
@_date: 2012-07-11 21:12:58
Perhaps I'm not understanding something, but I would think a brain-wallet would be just as good if not better at defeating rubber-hose cryptanalysis.  Better because there is no physical evidence at all tying the owner to the wallet, unlike a randomized file that needs explaining if discovered.
@_date: 2012-10-09 19:43:24
Anyone else find it ironic that the guy's name on the registration is 'Thaler'?
@_date: 2012-07-17 23:16:05
I would have to imagine this is positive for Bitcoin's price, but maybe a bit negative for Bitcoin's reputation.
The general story of Bitcoin is quite positive from a social perspective, but anything also useful to 'bad' people can itself become entangled in the 'badness' of their actions.  
Almost certainly 'fighting money laundering' will be near the top of the Government's moral justification for whatever actions they decide to take to fight Bitcoin.  It therefore becomes incumbent upon those of us who are pro-Bitcoin to answer those charges head-on.
What are the best arguments currently to fight the accusation that Bitcoin should be banned because it facilitates money laundering?
@_date: 2012-07-21 00:47:26
The best way is to offer an incentive for the employer to do so.  
1.  Offer a discount in your wage (compensated by reduction in payroll taxes?).
2.  Explain the benefits of accepting Bitcoins to your employeer.
 is the best option as it allows your employeer's business to grow and everybody wins.
 probably carries a risk of tax evasion penalties, but possibly not if it is handled correctly (I am not a tax lawyer :) )
@_date: 2012-08-08 01:43:28
I wonder what the requirements are to be a 'Forbes blogger' ?   Probably less than the requirements for a 'reporter' I would think, but probably more than 'some random blogger'.  Anyone know?
@_date: 2012-08-19 22:05:47
They couldn't kill it, but they could hurt it short-term by making the price unstable (buying/selling large amounts of coins at random times).
However, long term this would help Bitcoin's stability as it would mean more Bitcoinica's (Bitcoin speculation markets) would be created, to make Bitcoin more resilient to such manipulations.
The Bitcoin that emerged after the attacks would be a stronger currency.
This is a general rule for any attack I'm aware of:  It will hurt for a short while, but eventually the attack makes the system more robust. Bitcoin has a very evolutionary nature. The more you fight it, the stronger it becomes.
Personally I think the best thing that could happen to Bitcoin's long term viability would be for a major government to start attacking it openly.
@_date: 2012-08-23 22:04:31
Visually a very nice looking poster and I like the message.
friendly criticism:
1. who are the quotes from?
2. why is hashing harder than counting? (not doubting, but better explanation needed).
@_date: 2012-07-14 20:49:08
Part of the Bitcion protocol is that hashrate adjusts over time.  So more average hashpower only results in more difficulty in mining, not more coins being generated.
@_date: 2015-04-22 09:42:12
Why wouldn't the thief use some sort of mixing service like bitmixer.io or a coin converter like shapeshift.io?
Most likely they would use several services waiting an arbitrary amount of time between conversions.
Theft is despicable.
However, attempting to trace coins is more likely to cause problems for some innocent person who unknowingly received 'tainted' coins than to result in catching the theif.
Amature sluething is fun, but I don't think is the proper forum for this.
@_date: 2015-04-22 10:43:21
I beg to differ.


This is just a bold faced lie. You can't prove a negative. It is relatively easy to create a mixing service, and most services explicitly state that they don't share information with 3rd parties. There is no way you can make that statement with any confidence.


The whole point of using a mixing service is that the thief who stole the funds isn't the one who will be depositing the coins into the exchange. If the exchange holds a users funds because person X makes the claim they were stolen, all that does is open them up to lawsuits. Congrats, now some poor bastard who got some of the tainted coins has to go through the time and expense to prove how he received his coins to prove they weren't stolen (or if they can't, then they have the real possibility of having *their* coins stolen because they didn't have the foresight to create an audit trail they didn't know they were going to need). 
Either what you are attempting to do is pointless because exchanges understand this and won't hold a users funds, or harmful to the innocent person who had nothing to do with the theft.
@_date: 2015-04-22 11:56:09
Looking at the first transaction.
The original amount of 293 BTC is now in two wallets of 53 and 240 BTC.
All that can be said definitively is that the person who owned the 293 BTC address no longer has 293 BTC. 
Both the 53 BTC and the 240 BTC addresses could be owned by a centralized mixing service similar bitmixer.io.
Can you prove that those addresses aren't owned by bitmixer.io or similar? (BTW I'm just using them as an example  since they showed up high on a quick qoogle search).
@_date: 2015-04-11 02:05:13
If a customer could invalidate a check he wrote by simply agreeing to pay the bank a slightly higher fee, then no the store shouldn't accept those sorts of checks.
@_date: 2015-04-22 12:18:16
I suppose it is semantics, but as long as you agree that the funds are possibly already in a mixer then we are in agreement.
This means that you retract your statement: "Mixing services have not been used yet" correct?
Do you also agree that attempts to track the funds are more likely to lead to either a waste of time or innocent person(s) being wrongfully accused than to catch the theif?
@_date: 2015-04-30 16:30:18
I watched to this so you don't have to. :)
At its core this is essentially two WSJ journalists talking about their perspective on Bitcoin in an attempt to sell their book. Not a great talk. There is a lot of filler and not much meat (but they are journalists not academics/practitioners, so this should be expected to some degree) .
They are attempting to make two points with their talk (and I assume their book).
1. The 2008 financial crash was the catalyst for Bitcoin.
2. Decentralization of Bitcoin is important and needs to be discussed as Bitcoin becomes more involved with 'the suits'.
Personally I'm sure 2008 caused some people to become more aware of Bitcoin, but honestly I don't think they made their case that those numbers were either significant or had much impact. The Libertarian/tech crowed were hungry for this regardless, and those were the 'hard core' that drove it, and would have driven it regardless as to the 2008 crash.
I'm totally onboard for the argument that decentralization is a critical core component of Bitcoin or similar blockchain like technology. I appreciate the attempt to make the case that the suits don't see the world in this fashion and may attempt to de-decentralize Bitcoin. However, they don't make much of a case as to how the suits are going to go about this.
There were also a couple of casual gaffs during the Q&amp;A that made me wonder as to how much the journalists actually understood what they were talking about.  In particular there was one part around the 1hr mark where one of the authors makes the case that Bitcoin at $30 would be more useful than bitcoin at $1000 because a person wouldn't buy a $1000 bitcoin but they might buy a $30 bitcoin. That sort of 1st-grader economics misunderstanding of currency usefulness speaks for itself, and undermines a lot of credibility one might give to someone working for the WSJ.
*tl;dr* Not really worth the time. If you are going to watch suggest boosting the speed to at least 1.25 if not 1.5, you won't miss anything.
@_date: 2015-03-16 22:45:22


This is exactly why it is inevitable that this will happen. 
Note that preferring high trans fee transactions on 0-conf doesn't effect 1+conf transactions.  Thus the value of Bitcoin won't become worthless due to 0-conf transactions being unreliable. There are many use cases where waiting 10 minutes is acceptable (paying for access to an online service, paying for a car, etc). So a miner who changes to replace-by-fee will be rewarded more than they will lose by making Bitcoin on the whole slightly less fit for some purposes. And since they know that if they don't do it someone else will, there is no point to defend the undefendable. It is just a matter of who will create the first bitcoind clone that implements this behavior.
To reiterate, pay-by-fee doesn't make bitcoins worth significantly less, it just means that the Bitcoin payment network **mandates** that 1 confirmation must exist as the minimum payment time before any payment can be said to have taken place.  This means that Bitcoin is no longer useful for paying for 'quick and cheap' things like cups of coffee, gas at a filling station, or restaurant meals (basically anything where you wouldn't wait 10 minutes for your CC to be authorized). 
It's a bit sad, as we used to think that Bitcoin would be useful in this market segment (fast cheap goods) but now we know better. It is still good for lots of others, and that is now where we should focus our efforts.
The faster the new replace-by-fee bitcoind miners become ubiquitous the better as that will shorten the time period people can be scammed. I hope to see replace-by-fee in the next official version, because if it isn't in there, then very soon no one will run the official version (but then again maybe that would be a good thing too, to get rid of the monoculture).
@_date: 2015-03-16 23:32:42
In my opinion all it takes is for a single relatively small mining pool to say they are switching and start advertising a competing chain. 
Because that pool will be able to generate slightly higher fees it will be in the miners interest to switch over to that pool. It is true that the larger pools might reject the block because they are 'blind' to the double spent transaction, but then they also become blind to a chain with a higher POW, which is in reality a more dangerous thing, because they won't know if their blindness is leading them to mine a worthless chain.
I think encouraging such a showdown is ultimately much more dangerous for Bitcoin than admitting defeat.
The responsible thing for Gavin to do is to include replace-by-fee as soon as possible into the main bitcoind to stop the miners from defecting in a disorderly manor that has the very real possibility of being much worse for Bitcoin's reputation than the relatively mild "don't use 0-conf transactions, they are now provably unsafe".
@_date: 2015-03-16 22:14:24
At this very moment miners are doing a *poor* job of deciding which transactions to pass along.
The rules the miners are using for passing transactions along are effectively arbitrary. There is nothing that punishes miners who exploit this attack. 
No one has made this attack widely known before, is the best explanation as to why it is at this moment a bit harder to pull off than it should be. Similar to the transaction malleability bug, now that it is out one should expect it to be exploited.
It is insanity to assume that miners will continue to work against their own best interests forever.  At some point a variant of the miner software that prefers higher fees to lower fees will make its way into the mining pool and this adaptation will spread until 100% of the miners are using this new feature. They are literally losing money by doing otherwise.
@_date: 2015-03-12 16:39:34
Life is about risk, and I personally would rather risk 'hackers' than attempting to get gold or any form of physical wealth out of a war torn area.
Good discussion about the security of brain wallets here:
Discovered that the technology for creating brainwallets has been much improved since last I looked at it. Recommend checking this out:
There is a 20 Bitcoin challenge up for grabs to anyone who wishes to attack a known wallet with a simple 8 character password. Since that reward has remained unclaimed since November of 2013 it would appear that a well done brainwallet is pretty darn secure.
@_date: 2015-03-14 20:33:23
Fairness isn't the problem with a lottery. Trustworthiness is the problem.
I love Bitcoin, but the scripting language isn't powerful enough for the lottery owner to prove that they won't run away with the funds.
A 'provably fair' lottery is trivial to create. Just have people guess the first X digits of the nonce value for a specified block number, and put it in the message of their transaction when purchasing a 'lottery ticket'.
Because it is so trivial to create a 'fair lottery', one has to ask why there aren't any around. I hope you are smart enough to understand why this is for yourself.
That being said, I'm sure that if you could somehow prove your trustworthiness there would be some number of numerically-challenged people willing to give you money.
My advice is that if you are serious about wanting to do this, to wait until something like Etherium comes online. Then the trust issue goes away, and you only have to focus on advertising.
@_date: 2015-03-18 21:18:51
I did my best to be as clear as possible. Where do you see the contradictions?
@_date: 2015-03-18 19:40:18
The power of monetary value is that it is relatively the same for all people. A dollar in one set of hands has the same purchasing power as a dollar in another set of hands.
This is not true for other kinds of value, because value of all forms is inherently subjective. The brilliance of money is that it creates a psuedo-objective form of value.
It isn't that monetary value is inherently better or worse than other forms of value, but monetary value has the special ability to be objectively measured, which can't be said of other forms of value. It is in fact this special ability which gives it value (or increases the value of the thing being used as money in the instance of consumable-good money like lolipops, cigarettes, etc).
I like Amy as a friend but it is impossible to measure that value I have for that friendship on a scale that is meaningful to other people. I can say I like Amy more than I like Todd, but less than I like Jeremy and objectively rank my preferences. But there is no 'measuring stick' where I can say I like Amy 42 units, Todd 27 units, and Jeremy 113 units, and have those units be meaningful in an objective way.
I think Andreas is making a genius level point, that once cryptocurrency become ubiquitous it makes it easier to objectively measure some of these values that are currently opaque. How much celebrity does Lady Gaga have compared with Adam Sandler? In a world where everyone has access to create a currency this can be answered by simply looking at the exchange ratio of Gaga Dollars and Sandler Bucks.
@_date: 2015-03-16 22:04:02
**If you can stop shipment then you aren't accepting a 0-conf payment!**
A 0-conf payment *means* that the buyer already has the goods *before* the 1st confirmation.
I'm not saying that 1+ confirmation payment (which is what you are describing) is effected in any way.
@_date: 2015-03-16 23:07:09
Note that this isn't a 51% attack type exploit.  Anyone with any amount of mining power would benefit from switching to replace-by-fee. 
If the major pools said they wouldn't switch, all it would take is one minor pool to switch. In fact, my guess is that there is at this moment a race to be the first pool to switch to replace-by-fee.
Who would mine on a pool that is guaranteed to give you less fees? The pools that don't switch to replace-by-fee will quickly lose all of their hashing power.
Remember that replace-by-fee does nothing to 1+confirmation transactions. So the value of bitcoins will not be hugely affected by the switch. And your competitor will be doing it soon anyway if they aren't already, so there is no reason not to switch as fast as possible.
@_date: 2015-03-17 00:09:29
0-conf is a nice thing to have and definitely does improve the usefulness of bitcoin.
The problem is that 0-conf relies on the fallacy that miners will continue forever to be blind to a set of valid but higher-fee transactions.
Today it is definitely the case that such a double spend has a hard time propagating, which makes it difficult for blocks that include them to be recognized as valid and why today 0-conf transactions are seen 'relatively safe'. 
However, think about what that means. 
It means that there are valid blocks that some miners can't recognize because they are willfully ignorant of certain transactions.
Depending on willful ignorance is not a strong position to be in, and it seems to me that if it is in the miners best interest to not be ignorant, that they will eventually discover a way to become aware of both low and high fee transactions and prefer the later.
All being willfully ignorant does is increase the risk that you are mining on a chain that may not have the highest proof of work (what if it was discovered a transaction containing 8 zeros in a row wouldn't be propagated by some bitcoinds and Gavin refused to implement the fix so that these transactions could be propagated? How long would it be before a new bitcoind without this limitation would be coded and a coordination of the top mining pools made the other pools accept the improved bitcoind or lose their share of the mining rewards? Now imagine that these 8 zero transactions carried twice the fees, and it is almost laughable to assume that the miners won't find a way to propagate these transactions). 
The fact that higher-fee transactions don't propagate is a bug, attempting to make it a feature is IMHO a dangerous game to play. It is a matter of when not if.
@_date: 2015-03-08 17:45:33
The 'there is a reason qualified investors exist' excuse irks me. It is an elitist, paternalistic world view that deserves scorn, ridicule and disgust.
I can understand a complaint about a poorly run exchange. If the exchange is unable to cover the bets, then offering 20x is more akin to simple theft once the exchange goes bust. But that is different than saying "We don't think people should be allowed to voluntarily use a certain power of leverage".
The speaker seems to not understand that leverage is perhaps the ultimate tool to decrease one's risk.  Without leverage, a person would have to send $1000 of real cold hard cash to an exchange if one wanted to trade $1000 worth of Bitcoin. With 20x leverage one need only risk $50. If the bet is placed on a legitimate exchange then the better has limited their potential downside (they can only lose $50).
Leverage is a tool. 
Just like any tool, a person who doesn't know how to use it can get hurt. But the advantage a tool bestows on its user can empower them to do things the tool-less can only dream of.
If BitMEX is a better exchange, then it is a better exchange and should be used by anyone, not just 'institutional investors'. The focus should be on exposing scam exchanges, and encouraging the well run exchanges to offer their services to as many people as possible.
@_date: 2015-03-16 19:58:09
They soon will.
The fact that you can believe that "It's not hard to imagine how you can use 0-conf perfectly safe" and give an example where you explicitly don't use 0-conf, without appearently understanding the contradictory nature of your statement is the problem.
The 0-conf attack is real, and should make you scream 0-conf is 100% risky, not 'kinda safe'.
There are, as of this moment, no more 0-conf transactions small enough to be worth the risk of accepting. 
Any 'cup of coffee' level risk arguments are now dead.
@_date: 2015-03-11 16:52:40
I think the most interesting thing here is that one can use relative bitcoin value to measure the true value change in the two currencies:
(if anyone has a chart that combines both into one please let me know!)
One might even be able to argue that Bitcoin is now superior to gold in determining true relative consumer value, since it is more widely accepted as a form of payment for ordinary goods and services. 
@_date: 2015-02-23 01:36:32
One the one hand, if they are legitimate victims of a theft, I can sympathize that they are motivated to catch the thieves.
On the other hand, they are attempting to crowdsource the breaking of an anonymity tool.
So while I feel bad for the company, and in no way think it was good that they had their property stolen, I also don't think two wrongs make a right.
The historical record is of course 'public', so the good guys should be able to use it to their advantage if possible. However, if they enjoy success in catching the thieves this way, to my mind it will mean that Bitcoin's ecosystem has come under attack, and that a response to create a suitable defense is all the more urgent.
@_date: 2015-03-11 19:18:19
I think the FX market is good if one wants to get a sense of the international trading power of two currencies. For instance how much oil a currency can buy, or grain sold on the international market. 
This is an important but different sense of value because ordinary people don't buy tanker fulls of oil, they buy gas by the gallon/liter. 
Thus a big change in USD/EUR on the FX market can mean a lot for companies trading internationally but relatively little to most consumers buying locally. Eventually a big swing in USD/EUR on the FX will filter into local purchasing power (the cost of bread in the local supermarket will rise/fall depending on how much wheat is bought/sold internationally within that country) but it will take time. 
The nice thing about a truly international currency like Bitcoin is that one can get a more 'consumer centric' sense of the value of a dollar or euro at the moment.
@_date: 2015-03-16 19:30:50
This is the first attack I've heard of that seems inevitable to become a reality, and only dumb luck protects lots of people from being a victim today.
Right now it appears that only the laziness of the miners is what 'protects' zero-conf transactions. That is a terrifying thing to rely on.
The standard line of 'zero conf isn't meant to be reliable' is a bit of a cop out, since I've heard many times that 'a cup of coffee' amounts of bitcoin should generally rely on zero-conf as an acceptable risk.
Once miners wake up (and they will because it is in their own financial interest to do so) zero-conf transactions go from being 'eh sorta risky, on par with a dine-and-dash happening', to 100% going to happen you are a fool for accepting anything less than 1 confirmation.
**This isn't earth-shattering death-of-bitcoin bad. But unless a solution is discovered it means that bitcoin will lose all 'real world point of sale' transaction business of which there is a lot.**
My guess is that this is where alternative blockchains with smaller block creation times will sustain a real advantage. Bitcoin may just flatout loose *all* transaction business that needs to happen faster than ~10 minutes, because it isn't just risky but _impossible_ to accept transactions of less than 1 confirmation.
@_date: 2015-02-15 08:27:59
Here is the reference:


I think it's not impossible that such a voluntary 'sales tax' could work, people voluntarily tip around 10% to service staff in a lot of situations, and voluntarily give to charities.
The problem with using a Blockchain for this sort of thing is the inherent anonymity of the recipients. There would need to be some sort of massive drive to link an verifiable ID to a blockchain payment address.
This isn't impossible, but would take a fair amount of effort to keep such a system maintained (lost stolen/IDs, scammers, etc...).
If such a system could be maintained for a relatively low cost, then such a blockchain that guaranteed payments to the recipients would have a fair amount of worth. There could be a good amount of purchasing power widely dispersed, which would attract businesses. The high percentage of funds going directly to the recipients would attract charitable givers. One could even imagine things like verifiable donations being setup in such a system (i.e. 10% of purchase goes towards UBI) which would attract businesses wanting to use that as a promotional tool.
Such a system isn't impossible to imagine, and has a lot of advantages over the current charity/welfare state systems to deal with poverty.
@_date: 2013-04-02 22:51:25
It's possible, but what would the political ramifications be?
This sort of attack would be difficult to hide. That means the governments involved would almost certainly eventually have to 'take credit' for attempting to shut down Bitcoin. 
I think the response would be political in nature, not technical. It would motivate some sort of coordinated political movement in response.
Bitcoin at this point isn't just a technical novelty. I think it is now wedded itself firmly in the minds of many with the idea of economic freedom, similar to how the internet and intellectual freedom go hand in hand.
Just to be clear I don't think there would be revolutions or blood in the streets, but I do think it would be a top story on par with gay marriage and gun rights. It would be something people would focus on and politicians/parties would have to have a public position on.
Personally I think the political powers that be will choose to leave Bitcoin alone once they perform the political calculation.
@_date: 2013-04-09 21:04:23
If there are more sellers of BTC than buyers of BTC then the prices in USD fall. 
The role of speculators is to create liquidity. The more speculators, the more liquid the market because there are more people willing to buy/sell.
If 50% of those holding bitcoins are speculators that simply means that I can place a huge $100 million order for bitcoins and be confident that somebody would be willing to buy/sell.


They are going to into a bank account owned by MtGox/Bitstampt/etc. I would assume that MtGox/etc have a pool of Bitcoins that they replenish from time to time via market buy orders on their own exchanges.
@_date: 2013-04-09 00:51:57
Good question.
My 2c:
Gold has a 4k year track history, Bitcoin 4 years.
At the moment the wild price surge harms any thoughts of using Bitcoin as a long term store of value. So for the moment Gold is safe. :)
However, 5-10 years down the road assuming Bitcoin matures/stabilizes I could definitely see Bitcoin starting to erode the value of Gold in a big way. 
A lot of Gold's value is tied up in investment capital as a hedge against inflation:
(something like $70+ Billion dollars of gold used strictly for investments, probably more if you include gold-miners)
According to this article there is something like $950 Billion in gold above ground.
It's hard to see how Bitcoin wouldn't start to become the next generations preferred safe-haven investment, much like government treasuries and gold are currently. 
I think those holding Gold are correct to see Bitcoin as a competitor long term. I know personally if I had a choice between Gold coins, a Gold ETF, and bitcoins with a multi-year stable track history which I would choose to include in my investment portfolio.
@_date: 2013-03-08 19:33:45
~~Curent M0 money supply is 2,915,957 Million Dollars (2.9T)~~
~~Current Bitcoin market cap is $477,723,211 (with 10,867,475 BTC currently in existence)~~
~~If tomorrow Bitcoin replaced the Dollar each Bitcoin would be worth $6,103~~
~~So I'm not sure where they are getting their figures from ($6k isn't even close to $250k).~~
edit: Messed up my math. See comments below. Their value of $250k is inline with Bitcoin replacing USD M0.
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:40:32
Ignoring the 'Bitcoin vs. Money' section the rest of the article is an OK attempt at how one might go about valuing bitcoins vs USD.
@_date: 2013-02-27 02:43:02
Wow, I really like this idea.
Are there any iPhone/android apps that could scan a QR code to import the private key?
@_date: 2013-11-28 15:58:15
I can't read the article (paywall).
However, conceptually I don't understand how any currency backed by any commodity would be different than the old-style banks of yesteryear.
I would have to trust that this *one* person/entity would be willing/able to fulfill their promise to trade the token for the commodity.
Given the history of E-gold I would have to assume this person is going to have quite the uphill battle.
I rival to USD perhaps, a rival to BTC not so much.
@_date: 2013-04-02 23:50:00
The only one I personally keep my eye on is namecoin although it seems like it has stalled out a bit (haven't heard many new stories about it recently).
I like the idea of competing crypto currencies creating a vibrant ecosystem. In particular I'd like to see more innovation on the technical side so that no 'single death' can kill all of the currencies.
@_date: 2013-02-01 06:33:18
Division to 8 decimal places is supported. As I understand it this is not a hard limit but a convenience to current software, and could be expanded indefinitely if needed.
@_date: 2013-12-02 10:55:26
My 2c:


In times of conflict people look to liquidate risky/illiquid assets and convert them into safer/more liquid assets.
Gold has historically been the go to asset people covet in such dire circumstances, but the problem with gold is its physical nature and ease of confiscation.
I think Bitcoin would see a massive rise in value (and also a massive rise in volatility). 
I know that if I saw war on the horizon, and thought I might have to leave the country quickly, I'd personally prefer to have a good chunk of my wealth safely locked up in a brain wallet.


Inside of the conflict countries mining would likely slow down, and outside of the conflict zones mining would likely pick up, especially once the difficulty reset.


Online wallet services inside the conflict zone would likely be confiscated (either via theft by the owners of the services during the confusion, or by the governments looking for hard assets to fund their war machine).
All-in-all I think the greater ramification of such a conflict would be the destruction of real economic wealth (global GDP) which would effect the purchasing power of all currencies.
Assuming that Bitcoin survived the 'test' of such a conflict, I would expect its adoption to be wider afterwards, as it would gain the trust of more people.
All in all war would suck for humanity, but bitcoin would hopefully make it suck just a bit less as it eased the trade of goods and services in an uncertain world.
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:15:47
Hmm...if one adds up all the numbers there is $93,913,669,080,000 ($93 trillion) worth of broad money in total world circulation with the USD only accounting for $12,990,000,000,000 of that total.
(there might be some double counting in there though since it looks like both the Euro and all of the European states are listed)
I see lots of comparisons of Bitcoins and USD but really I think this larger total world amount is probably the better comparison.
Five years is a long time in terms of Bitcoin's history (over double current lifetime).
However, putting it in this 'global' context it doesn't seem at all unreasonable to me that Bitcoin could legitimately be valued at something like $1 trillion dollars in five years given that that would only be about 1% of total global money supply.
That would value bitcoins at around $100,000/BTC to put it in context.
@_date: 2013-12-28 11:44:17
"paperless currency"
I'm sure it is just an Indian colloquialism but it made me smile. Sort of like calling a car a horseless carriage. 
It strikes me a bit odd that all the Indian articles I've read in regard to Bitcoin seem to be aggressively internally focused.  Like if Bitcoin can't work in India then obviously it is going to fail. I can understand writing for an Indian audience, but it seems a bit extreme and makes me wonder if Indians really do consider themselves to be such large players on the world stage.
I get the feeling that the Indian government regulators aren't all that competent. Anyone from India care to shed some light? Even if the government/banking institutions are anit-Bitcoin do they have the ability to actually harm adoption inside of India to any significant degree? It seems to me that the informal economy would be fairly strong in India compared to the regulated parts.
@_date: 2013-03-29 23:15:03
I've tried several times to wrap my head around how the *implementation* of Ripple works/will work.
As far as I can tell there is no real technical documentation anywhere to be found (like the nitty-gritty how the protocols work documentation).
I agree that it is an awesome idea but until I see code or documentation I can't understand it, and if I can't understand it I can't trust it.
If you have access to actual code/technical documentation please post. :)
@_date: 2013-11-26 13:58:19
In a nutshell it is a decentralized DNS service.
You would spend them to register a domain name.
I understand that there was a major security issue recently with the protocol but I think that was fixed (but I'm not sure, anyone care to elaborate?).
@_date: 2013-12-10 18:48:19
Curious as to why this is such a controversial link. Anyone care to share?
Doesn't appear to be a repost. 
Is there a point the video makes that people are in disagreement with?
@_date: 2013-12-03 13:47:35
Disclaimer: I don't follow the mining scene in any sort of detail, and I'm just more or less an ordinary Bitcoin enthusiast.
However, It seems wrong to bash on BFL for continuing to produce mining hardware in a competitive market. Maybe even a bit evil.
The free market isn't about protecting the profits of owners/investors. If anything it is about the exact opposite: squeezing as much value out of the hands of owners/investors as possible for the benefit of the consumer.
What you are suggesting is that BFL (and perhaps other mining hardware producers?) should collude to artificially lower the hashing difficulty. 
This is no different than de beers cornering the diamond market, or OPEC setting the price of oil.
In the end such activities would harm the security of Bitcoin for everyone, so that a few privileged early miners could make a few more coins.
I appreciate the analysis of hashrate by type of mining hardware, but I think you might need to re-evaluate your thoughts on how a free market works.
@_date: 2013-11-18 09:29:26
Your company might not, but they will be competing with companies that will, and those companies will have an advantage. Employees might be tempted away by 30-50% better pay from the competition, and/or your company's products will be more expensive and they simply loose market share and fold.
I'm not saying that all companies will, or even a majority. However, the point is that *more* will, and this will effect all companies regardless of their particular practices.
In more concrete terms say I came at you with the following proposal:
1. I will pay you $10k/mo as a normal W-2 employee
2. I will pay you $13k/mo as a 1099 contractor
3. I will pay you $17k/mo equivalent to a private bitcoin address of your choosing?
Today only options 1 or 2 are on the table. However if bitcoin becomes widely adopted (I can pay my rent and groceries via bitcoin) then I don't think too many people would say no to option 3.
@_date: 2013-11-27 19:50:19
Downvote not because of the content but the quality of the article.
I honestly think a 14 year old wrote this.  
@_date: 2013-04-10 05:46:02
Health/Educational services aren't magical services that only a government can provide. Governments are inefficient managers, so as they leave the scene I feel confident that costs will go down/quality up.
This means that there will be more/better healthcare/education overall, but I get your point that these services are going to be distributed in a different way.
I think the key here is that in the future poverty won't just be something 'the government' takes care of and individuals no longer have to concern themselves with. 
Personally I feel one of the most corrosive things government does is to make people callous towards the poor. If you know that X% of your income is being taken against your will, and the entity taking states that as part of the 'bargin' they will provide social services, it is easy to ignore and perhaps even feel a bit of hatred towards the poor.
However, if that entity is taken out of the picture, then individuals have more income AND more motivation to pity those less fortunate and try to do something about it. At the end of the day humans are social creatures and we *all* find it painful to see another suffer. I would expect to see a huge rise in private charities devoted to solving social problems. 
Honestly, I see this as individuals reclaiming a bit of their humanity that has been stripped of them. I don't 'feel good' when I right a check to the IRS, but when I willingly donate to a cause I feel strongly about there is a meaning and connection there that goes beyond words.
@_date: 2013-09-25 12:10:21
"But where a currency exists, capitalism will inevitably find it"
Best quote from the article.
Cody Wilson is a person worth following IMHO. I'll be interested to watch impact he has on Bitcoin.
Here is a longish interview where he explains his reasonings in regards to 3d gun printing:
Well worth watching.
I think Wilson's involvement will be positive for Bitcoin, regardless of if 'Dark Wallet' ever sees the light of day.
edit: typo
@_date: 2013-10-03 21:29:13
Nothing to do with Bitcoin but an interesting article none-the-less.
Downvote but still recommend reading.
@_date: 2013-02-01 08:43:53
Wow, even excluding the run up over the last month that is a 6x increase from year to year (roughly $25 million to $150 million).
If this growth rate keeps going at that pace that means that in 5 years the market cap would be over a trillion dollars, and would start to rival the value of the US M0 money supply (around $2.6 trillion currently).
Personally I've always tended to focus on just the raw USD/Bitcoin ratio without thinking about the number of Bitcoins in circulation. This has really hidden from me the absolutely insane growth of the value of BTC over the last year. So this is a bit of a wakeup, which is embarrassing because I *thought* I was paying attention. :)
Is it really conceivable that Bitcoin would start to rival USD in such a short amount of time? It seems to me that thanks to the network effect future growth should if anything be even faster. Yet my gut says there is no way BTC can overtake USD so quickly.
But then again maybe this is just exactly what a totally disruptive technology looks like. Horses for 1,000's of years then -BOOM- cars.
This is a bit scary. I was thinking that Bitcoin might start to have a real social/economic impact in 20 years or so. But the real possibility of 3-5 years is a new beast entirely.
I honestly don't know if this gives me more or less faith in Bitcoin. 
Either the entirety of last year was a massive bubble -or- our entire banking/finance system is going to be turned on its head in the blink of an eye. I don't see how Bitcoin would naturally slow down unless it crashed, and unless it slows down, it takes over very quickly.
@_date: 2013-11-12 22:26:17
130k Bitcoins @ $330/BTC = $42,900,000 in daily transaction volume across all exchanges.
No idea what the fees would be. I'm sure it would be a negotiated rate sort of thing.
So IMHO it is possible but not trivial to buy/sell $11 Million in one day of trading on a single exchange, but would almost certainly be a bad idea (much better to stagger purchases over time).
edit: clarification/spelling.
@_date: 2013-11-17 23:44:55
Two companies.
A pays their employees in USD via direct deposit.
B pays their employees in BTC via direct wallet to wallet transfer.
It is easy for the government to track the payments company A makes to their employees (bank is a 3rd party).
It is hard for the government to track the payments company B makes to their employees (no 3rd party).
As both the employees and company have an incentive to avoid taxes they will, and the cost of the government to discover such avoidance goes up. 
Also, it becomes much easier to become an international self-employeed person. If I can sit at home in Utah and type on a computer and make income from a product/service/company in Russia (and vice-versa) it becomes effectively impossible to tax my income.
Certain forms of taxation are still possible like property tax, and my guess is that these forms of taxation will be the basis of government funding in a Bitcoin world. However, the amount of taxation a government can leech out of property is much more limited.
@_date: 2013-04-10 07:48:01
Take a moment, step back and realize that win or lose this is the sort of decision that is going to define who you are as a person for the rest of your life.
If you lose, then it is likely that the regret you feel is going to weigh heavily on your soul.
If you win, then the euphoria that you feel is likewise going to forever be in the back of your mind in any future decisions concerning money.  
Be honest with yourself and understand you can't know if you are going to win or lose. The only thing you can know is if you want to be the sort of person that would gamble with their mother's life savings, act in accordance with that.
 
@_date: 2013-04-24 22:32:54
It is volatile down, just like it is volatile up.  There have been huge swings both ways recently, and in the past. 
A month from now I'd put equal odds on BTC/USD being 500 or 50, and I don't think I'm alone.
Bitcoin is awesome, and I think it will take over the world. But the fact that Bitcoin's value *diminishes* with volatility is what makes it 'fragile' rather than 'antifragile' by definition. 
It is probably also important to note that Taleb just wrote a book where he states he is a strong advocate of Antifragile investment. Bitcoin simply doesn't meet that selective criteria, so it is no wonder that he isn't actively endorsing Bitcoin as an *investment* which appears to be the context in which he is responding to the tweet.
I think this is quite different from making the more general statement that he doesn't 'like' Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-04-08 06:05:18
Is there a lower limit on MtGox transactions? Why not buy BTC and add it to your wallet?
@_date: 2013-04-24 21:34:52
My 2s:
I don't know the details of multibit so rather than guessing I'll let others answer.
However, I do think that it would be a good strategy in general to create a separate wallet (perhaps even on a separate machine altogether) with a small amount of Bitcoin that you can test with. 
Your main problem appears to be stress of making a mistake, and the only way to overcome that stress is experience. Test the boundaries and play with your 'play wallet', and that will give you confidence and reduce your stress level.
Never underestimate the value of playtime. :)
@_date: 2013-02-23 23:36:12
It would raise the price of Bitcoin.
Current Market cap of bitcoin is somewhere between 150-350 million USD (depending on if you want to count the most recent spike). So I billionaire could realistically move the price fairly significantly.
The problem with just *buying* Bitcoins is that at some point the USD the billionaire has will run out. After that point the price would start to fall, and people would wonder why. This could shake confidence and end up being destructive to both Bitcoin and the Billionaire.
A Billionaire would be much better advised to invest in *businesses* that would benefit from Bitcoin. In particular I would look at existing businesses that don't support Bitcoin, buy them, add Bitcoin support, and wait for the Bitcoins to come rolling in. :)
edit: left sentence out "... could realistically move..."
@_date: 2013-02-21 00:20:51


There is a famous saying in the open source community: "Given enough eyeballs all bugs are shallow". The source code for any open source project is combed over by many hundreds/thousands of developers. The larger the project the more people are looking at it. Bitcoin clients, precisely because they deal with money, are looked at all the closer. 
It's still not impossible that an extremely clever coder could 'sneak' something in but it would be extremely risky/difficult. Also, unlike say legal documents being crafted in congress, it is impossible to stay anonymous when sneaking in a line or two of code. Each modification is tracked and tied to the developer who introduced the code. 


A protocol is description of the interactions between programs, typically written in an mix of human language (like English) and a programming language (like C).
Here is some documentation on what the Bitcoin protocol looks like:
And of course the original whitepaper describes the protocol at a 'conceptual level' of detail:
If a protocol is complex enough, source code that can be compiled into a working program is used as the 'canonical' representation of the protocol to settle disputes.  A version of the source code is then referenced (no more changes are allowed unless the protocol itself is changed). For Bitcoin this is the original client written by Satoshi.


Protocols can be changed. But the key is all the developers (or at least a good majority) that are developing software for Bitcoin (all the various clients) have to agree to the change (otherwise the new clients using the new protocol won't work). So the process for change is super-slow, deliberative, and contentious. Again, because money is involved, LOTS of eyes are on the process.


Bitcoin while new isn't *that* new (it's been around since 2009). It's captured thousands of developers time/attention by this point, and there are hundreds of thousands of client-users (maybe millions?). For instance there are 16k people subscribed to this subreddit alone. Also, unlike Windows, Bitcoin is entirely open source. So the bigger it gets the safer it gets (because more eyeballs will see more bugs and potential weaknesses will be pointed out faster).
It is definitely possible that Bitcoin will have some 'fatal flaw' that, no one can see at the moment, down the road. However, with each passing day such a flaw becomes all the less likely (because more, and more, and more people are looking at it (both white-hats and black-hats)).
edit: formating
@_date: 2013-04-10 05:19:26
It's possible to impose a national property tax, but it isn't going to be as efficient at extracting revenue. High earners can simply choose to live in smaller homes and put more of their wealth in non-taxable investments also made possible by Bitcoin (think derivatives market combined with tor).
Sales taxes are heavily regressive, so it is likewise difficult to raise them very high.
The ultimate killer for the nation-state however, is the inability to use unlimited borrowing as a funding source. Greece is the perfect example here. Because they don't have the ability to use inflation as a source of hidden taxation the government loses a huge funding source and has no option but to shrink.
@_date: 2013-02-02 23:54:28
It's possible, but the larger Bitcoin becomes the more unlikely it becomes. Not because they would lack the technical capability, but because they would lack the will.
If a Government were ever going to attempt to use a 51% attack to destroy Bitcoin, now would be the time while it is relatively small. It's both technically easier and the political downside would also be small (90% of voters have probably never heard of Bitcoin, and if they have they probably associate it more with Silk Road than anything else).
However, as Bitcoin grows more and more people who view it as a legitimate benefit to their business and personal lives would be effected. It's possible that Bitcoin is already large enough that no western democracy could sustain such an attack without major publicity and political risk.
Then there is China. If they did it today I think they could get away with it (maybe). However today they don't really have a motivation/imagination to do so. Once Bitcoin takes off and becomes large then it's too late. It would be seen as an act of economic warfare with lots of negative consequences.
It's similar to the evolution of the internet. A government/corporation with deep enough pockets today might be able to severely impair the internet for a long period of time.  However, in doing so they would be painting a large target on their chest. It's likely to be more trouble than any benefit they could ever hope to gain.
@_date: 2013-04-07 23:35:13
I think this is nothing but good news. It means people with access to large amounts of capital are taking close look at Bitcoin.
More important than the monetary speculation is the fact that these people are on the boards of large corporations, or are very close friends with them.
Talk breeds interest. If after doing their due diligence they come to the conclusion that Bitcoin adoption will give their businesses an edge, then very quickly large businesses could start to accept and do business in Bitcoin.
IMHO Bitcoin right now is at the early 1990s phase of internet-commerce. There are a few people here and there offering their services, but it is mostly mom-and-pop size businesses. Big money means big business that drives improvements in infrastructure and general acceptance.
Everyone can kind of see that Bitcoin has the potential to be a disruptive technology, but nobody is quite sure how to capitalize on it.
The fundamental problem is that If I had $100m I'm honestly not sure what would be the smartest way to invest (although dumping $100m into MtGox is about the stupidest thing I can imagine). The problem isn't because there are so few opportunities, but because there are so many and so few reliable crystal balls.
That being said, here are my unsolicited top investment opportunities for anyone looking to invest $100m into Bitcoin:
1. Exchanges. This is currently, and will continue to be a huge demand for quickly and easily exchanging USD/EUR/etc into/out of BTC.
2. Business services to make it easy to accept BTC from the public (shopping carts, accounting software, etc).
3. Trustworthy wallet services. Current and continuing demand both to make it easier and safer for the technologically unsophisticated (99%) to exchange with bitcoins.
4. Asset markets (stocks/bonds/commodities/etc). Imagine a small country that setup a stock market for its local businesses denominated in BTC. Any smallish country looking for capital investment should look closely at this.
5. Retail markets.  Try to become the Amazon/Ebay of the BTC world.
I'm sure there are lots of other opportunities but those are my top 5, anyone else have any better ones? 
@_date: 2013-02-20 01:02:16
It's the same question in terms of choosing to use an open source web browser.
Reputation is the name of the game for open source. 
It is in the developers best interest to insure that any binary they release for the client doesn't become compromised. If it does, there are *many* eyeballs looking at it and it will be caught quickly, and the developers reputation will be damaged. 
One of the keys to open source is that *any* set of developers can produce their own client at any time. Competition from potential rivals is what keeps everyone on their toes.
It is technically possible for any client to become compromised like any other software product, but there are an overwhelming number of incentives by the developers and larger Bitcoin community to insure that such compromise are limited in scope/prevented, and widely publicized in the event that they do happen. 
In fact, there have been many such compromises in Bitcoin's history. Almost all of the compromises have involved web-frontend services, but the fact remains that 'clients' (things used to control a typical user's wallet) have been compromised in the past, and probably others will be compromised in the future. It's important to be discriminating on who to trust, but this is part of the game of life in general. Which Bitcoin client to use is up to the user and part of the process of choosing should be "Are the people offering this service/ providing this client worthy of my trust?"
As far as the Bitcoin network itself being compromised, this is not going to happen even if any client becomes compromised. Bitcoin at it's heart is a protocol not a program. There are many variants of the source code in several programming languages. The integrity of the Bitcoin system is guaranteed by the mathematics behind the protocol itself.
edit: grammar
@_date: 2013-11-17 12:54:57
I can imagine a charity setup such that it receives funds and distributes them to individuals equally.  Something like the old Bitcoin faucet. A person registers with the charity and from then on receives X Btc per day.
Perhaps for very close-knit communities, such a setup would be viable. The challenge I think would be to scale such a setup beyond a few hundred people.
Also, there is the fact that wealth follows a power-law distribution. Without a coercive mechanism it seems to me that those at the top would be greatly tempted to simply keep their wealth vs giving it away indiscriminately. 
@_date: 2013-04-14 18:33:05
I think this is a good point.
Bitcoin, because it benefits from the network-effect of more users, stands to gain more long-term from a speculative bubble than it loses short-term by having an unstable price.
Time will tell of course if the new users actually find Bitcoin useful. If they do then great, if not then at least they are now familiar with the concept of a crypto-currency and whatever Bitcoin 2.0 is will have a faster adoption rate.
@_date: 2013-03-21 23:46:42
I think you have a point here, but it isn't just about the quantity of resources like gold but also their hold on the human imagination.
In a not-to-distant future, it is quite possible that the physical world itself will continue to loose a lot of it's intrinsic hold on people.
As people spend more time interacting within 'virtual' worlds the physical world becomes less important. So it isn't unreasonable that physical assets (especially those without industrial use) will lose value over time. One's diamond and gold ring collection becomes less important if one never leaves the house, and if one can dress one's avatar in digital gold without using 'the real thing'.
In other words for gold to continue to have value, people have to want to posses it. The more people live in the world of bits and bytes the less 'real' the world of atoms becomes. Just as a lot of people today see owning 'digital assets' as foolish/childish, it isn't unreasonable that people of the future will view owning 'physical assets' with similar incomprehension.
Bitcoin, precisely because it isn't grounded in the world of atoms, has a much greater shot of retaining value far into humanity's future.
If you put me in suspended animation for an indeterminate amount of time, I would much rather have a memorized brainwallet with 1000 BTC in it than a briefcase full of gold bars.
@_date: 2013-03-30 00:25:31
URL? I've seen a few videos, not sure who 'they' is. :)
@_date: 2013-02-24 00:17:05
This is the first time I've run across the concept of 'colored coins'.  Fascinating idea!
Googling around I ran across this brief paper explaining the concept:
Would love to know more if anyone has any links to share.
@_date: 2013-11-08 17:34:54
Link to the actual paper:
The paper itself is decent explanation of Bitcoin targeted towards banker types and worth reading. The linked article...not so much.
There is a hint of distrust of Bitcoin and some inaccuracies in the paper, but considering the source I'm fairly impressed.
Choice quotes:
"Although some of the enthusiasm for bitcoin is driven by a distrust of state-issued currency, it is hard to imagine a world where the main currency is based on an extremely complex code understood by only a few and controlled by even fewer, without accountability, arbitration, or recourse."
This made me chuckle a bit. The FED and other central banks of course being the paragons of accountability and not at all controlled by just a few powerful individuals with little oversight. I guess it is a matter of perspective. 
Final sentence of the paper:
"That said, it represents a remarkable conceptual and technical achievement, which may well be used by existing financial institutions (which could issue their own bitcoins) or even by governments themselves"
This is confusing. I think the author is using  the term 'bitcoins' where the proper term would probably be crypto-currency, since he mentions 'issuing their own'. So I'm not sure if the author is talking about the idea behind Bitcoin or the existing Bitcoin protocol itself. Either way it is an endorsement of the technology, but I'd be interested in knowing what the author really meant by those words.
edit: typo
@_date: 2013-03-21 02:57:24
The addresses die, but the purchasing power those coins represent is redistributed to all other bitcoin holders.
You've essentially decided to give up your claim on whatever goods/services those coins could have bought. And because there is now a little less competition for those goods/services, the price in BTC of those goods/services will be slightly less.
@_date: 2013-11-11 20:29:52
It will cause a few news agencies to do a 2-3 min spot on it (if that). 
Other than that, I don't expect anything much to come of it immediately, especially in terms of government action.
The interesting bit will be what the reactions are after the hearing.
@_date: 2013-04-24 21:08:14
The headline is overblown.
|...nothing volatile DOWN can be Antifragile...
He is just stating that bitcoin doesn't have the properties of being Antifragile (benefiting positively from volatility). He isn't saying he is pro/con Bitcoin, just pointing out that it has downside risk.
@_date: 2013-04-04 18:36:14
This is a decently well researched article with a definitive point of view, and deserves to be discussed, not trivialized just because the author is being a bit of a troll.
Put simply the author feels that taxes and state power are a superior foundation for a currency vs more naturalistic purely market driven currencies.
Note "Money" can mean either 'store of value' or 'unit of account'. The author limits his focus to the 'unit of account' aspect of money.
I think he makes a good point that it was the power of governments to standardize units and mint coins that aided commerce, and that gold-coins are much more useful as currency than a random lump of gold of indeterminate purity. So from a 'unit of account' aspect I think one has to give credit to the inovation of mints/coins and the threat of force states represent (laws on the books against counterfeiting, specifying units of tax collection).
Personally I see minted coins as a part of the natural evolution of market currencies.
I think this is also where the author loses the thread of his argument. By seeing two 'competing' theories for how money is created rather than a natural evolutionary progression, he isn't able to quite grasp that just as state-sponsored mint-money was a successful evolutionary innovation, Bitcoin is also perhaps an evolutionary innovation.
I think the biggest takeaway is to recognize the power of State governments to either aid or hinder commerce. By creating/fostering/sponsoring mints they helped both themselves (seigniorage/debasement) and the wider economy as a whole (less friction for transactions). The benefits outweighed the costs because the economy as a whole grew faster than governments could debase.
We are now at a point where a new technological innovation has created an even more efficient form of currency. For the first time in human history there is now a currency that has all the power of a minted coin without the 'tax' of government debasement.
It is of course a bit of an open question as to whether a 'well managed' currency can promote more economic activity vs an 'unmanaged' currency. Here, either you see that free markets are inherently more efficient and produce better outcomes, or you are captivated with the idea that the knowledge problem is soluble and communism will eventually win out.
Personally I'm convinced that the free market approach is best, I haven't read anything that leads me to believe the calculation problem has been solved, or can even in theory be solved. So I am a bit skeptical of anyone who claims a central bank can intelligently manage something as complex as the supply of money.
This of course doesn't prove that *Bitcoin* is the future, but I would argue that history shows it has a decent shot.
@_date: 2013-11-25 02:32:40
Sales Tax: Require businesses to register all of their receiving addresses.
Property Tax: Estimate values of property in BTC.
Income Tax: RIP IRS.
VAT: Not sure (No VAT where I live), but I don't believe this is viable either unless the goal is to drive away non-service businesses.
Import/Export Taxes: Estimate values of goods in BTC.
'Borrowing' endless amounts from future generations: Spending using your kids credit card is over.
Devaluing currency: impossible by definition.
In general I believe Bitcoin makes it slightly easier to collect sales taxes, and near impossible to collect income tax. It is neutral in regards to most other forms of taxation and makes theft via inflation impossible.
For this reason I would expect local government to remain largely unaffected, and national governments to diminish in size. 
Most welfare state activities are national (income tax/inflation funded) not city-government (sales tax) funded.
Your fear that Bitcoin destroys the welfare state is valid.
The welfare state is about to face its Perestroika moment in history. TINSSAAFL.
Personally, I think your belief that the welfare state is a good thing for society doesn't fully take into account the wealth destroying aspects of such policies. 
Suggest reading 
@_date: 2013-02-14 21:14:07
From the article 2015-16 will be the tipping point.
I have to wonder where Bitcoin will be in 2016. 
Today, Bitcoin isn't even on the radar as an alternative to gold for international trade, will the same be true 3 years from now?
@_date: 2013-04-13 19:47:37
Because the traders are willing to put up with it, and the owners of Mt. Gox don't have the technical skills to properly run a high volume exchange.
There are other exchanges: 
Use one of them or better yet: try to find partners/funding and start your exchange because there is **OBVIOUSLY A NEED** for one.
@_date: 2013-12-28 12:57:08
Nice Post!
Here are some additional cons to consider:
* 5 Potential for disrupting the current financial system. Any major disruption to the current system has the potential to cause hardship and chaos for lots of ordinary people. If for instance Bitcoin started to threaten the USD, then this could have effects on the ability of institutions like commercial banks to create credit. Imagine the 2008 credit crises, only worse as everyone tried to simultaneously fight for the old fiat system, and the new Bitcoin dominated system. Instead of just a shipwreck, one might find oneself in a shipwreck in the middle of a storm.
* 6 Older people will have a hard time understanding/accepting Bitcoin and may find themselves economically disadvantaged. Those who are unwilling to accept Bitcoin could find themselves trapped inside of of an increasingly less valuable and gradually shrinking economy. Think of it like those who would today wish to only send/receive letters via the post office vs those sending email or chatting on facebook. The richness and value of much of modern society could be denied to them.
* 7 A majority of the funding of modern governments is tied directly to their control of the monetary system. Bitcoin threatens both the ability of governments to collect taxes, and to borrow money. There are a *lot* of people with a pro-government stance who will see this 'feature' of Bitcoin as a strong negative.
* 8 Any technological advance always creates a host of unintended negative consequences (Thanks Pandora!).  One could make the argument that Bitcoin is such a revolutionary step forward, that the large and unknown problems it will inevitably create makes it too risky to allow it to continue.
Bit of a nitpick on your list:
* 2 "Slow Transaction time..." The transactions are nearly instant, what takes time is confirmations. For low value transactions (buying a cup of coffee) it is entirely reasonable to go with zero confirmations. One way of thinking about this is that Bitcoin natively allows for the user to pick their own tradeoff between security and speed.
* 3 "...Or worse, they could "double spend" if they own a good portion of the blockchain..."  : No.  This is not how this works. One would need a majority of the mining capacity not a majority of the blockchain ownership to successfully attempt a double-spend.
edit: markdown auto-formating of numbers....grrr....
@_date: 2013-11-27 13:46:09
I like the idea but let me play devil's advocate :)
Corporations exist primarily as a means of limiting legal/financial liability.
Since you are far from anonymous, what is to prevent me from suing you J.B Allen personally and going after your personal assets? (Maybe I think you've infringed on my trademark by using that particular shade of white on your companies background for instance).
It is nice that you have this piece of digital paper that you've personally signed but how does that protect you or indeed any shareholders when the company runs into difficulties?
BTW I'm quite interested in this idea and hope you will continue to pursue this idea and report back on how it goes.
@_date: 2013-12-29 02:23:36
It is literally a joke currency. It can serve the same useful purpose as satire does of any dominant entity. So I think it does serve a useful purpose.
With that being said, I personally dislike it because those promoting it are encouraging less sophisticated people into currency speculation. Similar to most other alt-currencies this has a very 'scammy' feel to it. 
It also creates confusion because of its popularity, which again is most likely to prey upon the less well informed. I recently ran across a post in where an older person was asking questions about Bitcoin and as an aside wondered why it used the picture of a dog as its symbol. To those just starting to try to understand Bitcoin/crytpocurrencies this muddies the waters and can make it difficult for them to use this new technology effectively (think about your grandma with 10 billion IE toolbars hampering her use of the internet).
From a fundamentals perspective it doesn't appear to offer anything particularly innovative. Jokes can and do go out of fashion. So one could reasonably expect that the value of a currency based on a joke to also decline as it wears out its welcome. As it does it will inevitably punish a lot of people who confused temporary internet celebrity attention capture with long lasting value. Just as one has a hard time imagining Justine Bieber continuing to have a carrier 5 years from now, one has a hard time imagining Dogecoin continuing to exist as a viable crytpocurrency once reddits attention becomes focused on the next new hot meme.
Other fun cryptocurrencies I would predict in a similar vain:
OverlyAttchedGirlfriendCoin -- the only coin you will ever need....forever... (seeks out and destroys other competing wallet.dat files on your system).
GoodGuyGregCoin -- Uses blockchain to automatically encrypt your porn stash if it detects your girlfriend is using your computer (may not be compatible with OAGC).
ConfessionBearCoin -- Anonymously publicize your minor evils in a way that will be stored securely forever on a globally distributed p2p network. Blockchain is secured based on 'proof of  evil'.
@_date: 2013-04-08 16:13:25
My guess is that it wasn't 21 million that was chosen but 50/block as the original block mining reward.
So then the question becomes why was 210,000 intervals of 10 minutes chosen as the halving time?
Doing a bit of elementary math 210000 / 6 = 35000.  So the block reward halves every 35000 hours (3.9954 years).
So then the magic numbers are to start out at 50 blocks and halve every 4 years which are much more 'round' numbers and I think explain more or less why 21 million was 'chosen'.
@_date: 2013-12-31 03:22:57
Credit is still viable with an economy based on Bitcoin.
There is nothing that would prevent a group of people from investing their BTC into a commercial bank and that bank making loans of BTC to businesses (or the investors could loan directly by buying corporate bonds, etc..).
One might be able to argue that the total amount of credit in the system might go down (Because banks would no longer have the safety of a lender of last resort). But there are also a lot of unproductive 'zombie' banks eating up existing credit and creating uncertainty in the market that would be forced to close.
In short, by bringing in a solid basis of trust into the system, a financial industry based on BTC, for which there was no central bank, could end up creating even more credit than is possible in a world where nobody quite knows what the governments/central banks of the world will do next.
The key to remember is that credit is based on trust and stability. To the degree BTC can increase stability and trust between financial partners, it has the possibility of expanding the credit market.
@_date: 2013-11-29 23:42:00
If Bitcoin were large enough there would be a great incentive to do so especially for smaller countries.
The biggest advantage would be for trade. 
The network effect of this could be huge. Meaning that as more countries adopted Bitcoin it would be easier for such countries to trade with similar Bitcoin adopters. Which would in turn make it more attractive for others to adopt, etc....
Imagine an ever widening 'Bitcoin-zone' similar to the 'Eurozone'.
@_date: 2013-11-17 12:24:37
I'm personally a fan of UBI vs more restrictive 'strings attached' forms of government wealth redistribution.
However, as Bitcoin gains more ground, government's ability to tax (directly via income tax, or indirectly via printing press) becomes more difficult.
I think it is important to remember that governments don't actually produce anything (or if they do, they aren't very good at it). They take from one group of people to give to another group of people.
Bitcoin makes it harder for governments to take (which for many is a core feature of the technology).
So if Bitcoin truly becomes a dominant global currency, government wealfare of all sorts will likely shrink.
I see this as one of the biggest hurdles Bitcoin will have to face down the road. Hell hath no fury like that of a senior citizen threatened with losing their medicare benefits.
@_date: 2013-04-10 01:51:40
Being able to tax efficiently at the large scale will become problematic. While it is in theory possible to trace Bitcoin transactions it is very much a cat and mouse game with the heavy advantage going to the mouse.
Income taxes could become too expensive to collect.
Some forms of taxation are still possible however.  For instance use taxes and property taxes (usually the taxes that pay for roads and schools and general city upkeep). So I think city-government will do fine but nationals governments will suffer.
I think it could well mean the end of the large well-fare state, and the rise of something closer to the city-state.
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:35:51
It is a funny way of thinking about it, but the US dollar is a much less liquid asset online than bitcoins....which is kinda why bitcoins are seen as valuable in the first place.
If you already have bitcoins you can trade them on exchanges more or less instantly.  If you have USD then you have to pay a high markup, or be prepared to wait.
@_date: 2013-03-08 20:25:55
Darn I hate it when I'm proved wrong :)
You're totally correct. Now I see how they got that number.
@_date: 2013-03-24 00:45:48
Not if they will make even more money with Bitcoin.
There are two types of banking: checking account/facilitate payment banking, and loans/investment banking.
Bitcoin is mostly a threat to the payment facilitation type of banking (Visa/MC/Moneygram) than the more lucrative investment banking. 
An investment bank that can attract investors (sell stock/bonds) can operate just as well under Bitcoin as Dollar/Yen.
In fact well-run investment banks can make even *more* money under a 'hard currency' regime (which Bitcoin might lead to) because their profits can't be inflated away by the whims of even more powerful actors. If I loan to you at 5% but inflation is 6% (because Bernanke had a dream about a crow eating a snake) then I've lost money. If I loan to you at 5% but inflation is a stable -1% (because higher productivity and math) then I've made money (lots of money and I don't have to devote my life to interpreting FED chairman's facial expressions to try to figure out if the snake ate the crow or it was the other way around).
You're right bankers aren't nice people, and if they sense that Bitcoin can be used to their advantage (by spending more time looking for good investments than psycho-analyzing government officials) they will happily be the first in line to burn the Dollar/Yen/Euro to the ground.
The better question is "Can't Big (International) Banks Destroy the Dollar?"
**tl;dr** Banks make money today by cleverly playing the government-controlled money game, but they could potentially make even more money by playing the market-controlled money game.
edit: formatting
@_date: 2013-12-09 22:21:53
Bitcoin doesn't harm the idea of fractional reserve banking directly.
Assume that Bitcoins replace the national currency.
There is nothing stopping a bank from loaning out more Bitcoins than it has on deposit. It's dangerous and there could be a run on the bank, but it is still possible for such a Bitcoin fractional reserve bank to exist.
One could even argue that this is a good thing, as long as the banks offer a competitive interest rate to depositors and warn them of the risks.
My guess is that they would have to offer fairly good rates/services to attract depositors but I would expect to see such institutions in the future.
@_date: 2013-04-08 06:01:09
A lot of merchants have gift cards. 
Why not offer the merchant local currency (USD, etc) for a largish purchase of gift cards at a discount?  Most merchants (especially smaller ones) would be only too happy to have the cash today and offer fairly reasonable discounts for large purchases (the groupon model).
Then setup a website/stand on the corner and exchange gift cards for BTC. 
The merchant wins because they have the safety of a large purchase, and access to a new sales channel. You win because you can offer gift cards (possibly at a discount) to a select market and still make money vs face value. The customer wins because they can use bitcoins at a discount to the local currency.
In effect what you are doing is capturing some of the money the merchants are leaving on the table by not offering to accept bitcoins. 
@_date: 2013-04-04 21:45:36
I'm simply defining terms. Some people use the word 'money' to mean a store of value(grain that can be eaten later), and some use it in an accounting sense (pencil marks in a ledger).
A currency that is constantly being inflated at a steady rate isn't a good store of value, but can still be a good unit of account (The US dollar).
A currency that has a questionable future but a well-known present quantity would also be a bad store of value but could still function as a good unit of account (poker chips).
I would agree that it is preferable for currencies to have both qualities (gold and hopefully Bitcoin :) ) but it isn't required. The author makes the distinction in the article, which is why I mention it.


I'm not convinced of this.  All the early coins I'm aware of make clear use of state authority. 
I have to admit though that I'm not a coin expert. I'd be interested if there were examples of early coins that weren't sanctioned by the state (maybe a powerful merchant that created his own mint?).
@_date: 2013-02-19 03:46:15
Bitcoin - Spend Freely
@_date: 2013-02-24 01:36:58
Good luck with the blog.
Main criticism is with the first post:


To me this reflects poorly on your neutrality and credibility.
The other article I think sets a better tone. I'd like to see more tie-ins with other p2p systems like bit-torrent, and the difference between the various types of clients (miners, web-front-ends, phones, etc...) and how that impacts network topology. I think your direction is good, but it needs more meat.