@_author: mattie1972
@_date: 2017-12-14 15:53:25
Another completely disabled ME-CFS patient here.
This illness RUINS lives. 
It is the most torturous disease I know about.
Please donate to OMF - 
In 1994, one of the world’s most renowned ME/CFS clinicians, Dr Daniel L Peterson from the US, powerfully expressed the severity of ME: “In my experience, it is one of the most disabling diseases that I care for, far exceeding HIV disease except for the terminal stages” (Introduction to Research and Clinical Conference, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, October 1994; published in JCFS 1995:1:3-4:123-125).
In 1995, Professor Mark Loveless, Head of the AIDS and ME/CFS Clinic at Oregon Health Sciences University said in his Congressional Briefing that an ME/CFS patient:
“feels effectively the same every day as an AIDS patient feels two weeks before death; the only difference is that the symptoms can go on for never-ending decades”.
In 2004, Dr William Reeves, Chief of the ME/CFS research programme at the US Centres for Disease Control, (CDC) reported that ME/CFS patients “are more sick and have greater disability than patients with chronic obstructive lung or cardiac disease, and that psychological factors played no role” (Press Release, AACFS, 7th October 2004).
Also in 2004, a randomised clinical trial found “In comparison with other chronic illnesses such as multiple sclerosis, end-stage renal disease and heart disease, patients with (ME)CFS show markedly higher levels of disability” (Am J Occup Ther 2004:58:35-43).
In 2005, Nancy Klimas, Professor of Medicine, Division of Immunology, University of Miami; Co-Director, E.M. Papper Laboratory of Clinical Immunology; Professor of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Miami, and Director of AIDS Research and Co-Director of the AIDS Clinical Research Unit, Miami VA Medical Centre, said in her American Association for CFS In-coming Presidential Address: “Our patients are terribly ill, misunderstood, and suffer at the hands of a poorly informed medical establishment and society”.
In a Keynote Lecture on 27th May 2007 at the ME Research UK International Conference held at the University of Edinburgh, Nancy Klimas listed the three main categories of diagnostic symptoms as being autonomic, inflammatory and endocrine, all of which indicate serious underlying pathology. Klimas, a world expert in ME/CFS, was one of the authors of “Myalgic Encephalomyelitis / Chronic Fatigue Syndrome: Clinical Working Case Definition, Diagnostic and Treatment Protocols” (JCFS 2003:11(1):7-115), which is usually known as “the Canadian Definition”. An Overview of that document (“ME/CFS: A Clinical Case Definition and Guidelines for Medical Practitioners”) states:
“ME/CFS is an acquired organic, pathophysiological, multisystemic illness that occurs in both sporadic and epidemic forms. Myalgic Encephalomyelitis (ICD 10 G93.3), which includes CFS, is classified as a neurological disease in the World Health Organization’s International Classification of Diseases (ICD). Chronic fatigue must not be confused with ME/CFS because the “fatigue” of ME/CFS represents pathophysiological exhaustion and is only one of many symptoms. Compelling research evidence of physiological and biochemical abnormalities identifies ME/CFS as a distinct, biological, clinical disorder”
