@_author: mattgrimes
@_date: 2014-03-01 00:35:20
Of course they didnt actually 'lose' the money but I dont understand why its relevant. The point, at least as i interpreted it,  is that regulation doesnt save you but in fact tends to exponentially increase the severity  of effects while just distributing those effects across everyone instead of only a handful of people. Or at *best* is at least equally as bad of the losses in a less regulated environment. 
@_date: 2014-04-26 00:50:53
FWIW, he does have two three-hour call in shows a week–which anyone who has a problem with him gets to the front of the line on–and is almost perpetually available on skype. From the little i know of the guy, I'm sure he would be happy to hear your criticisms. i think the email is operations if you would be interested in presenting your view. I personally would love to hear how he would handle your criticisms. If he truly is a fraud (maybe he is, i dont know) i'm sure you'd get able to get him pretty good on air in front of hundreds of thousands of listeners. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 04:10:54
For reasons I am not entirely sure of, I feel compelled to respond to this--maybe it's just a naive 'i want to change his mind' or 'win the argument' or maybe i just hope someone will see this and it will cause them to reconsider their position. Regardless, I will do my best to respond. 
To squelch any fears of intellectual dishonesty, I will first respond to your previous post. 


Where did I say I 'would' have done it the 'right' way? Where did I say I knew what the 'right' way was? Pointing out that negative consequences accrued to the way something occurred does not mean that I know the right way. It's not until you point out that something isn't working that you can then have the conversation about how to do it better. I can, for whatever it's worth, say that starting an illegal war killing a million innocent people and putting every working American into hundreds of millions of dollars in debt would assuredly not be something I would do.


'bad guys', 'good guys'? what does that even mean? One minute we are creating Al Qaeda, next minue Al Qaeda is our enemy, the next minute they are freedom fighters; One minute Saddam is our buddy, the next minute we need to invade his country. Are we at war with Eurasia or East Asia? Who knows; whatever the party says. 
There are no bad guys or good guys; there are only guys who can assist the US in furthering it's hegemony and those who are in the way.
Also, Do you think the 'bad guys' just came out of nowhere? Why doesn't Al Qaeda attack Norway or Australia or even freaking Canada? We are half way across the word, with oceans to our east and west, and allies to our north and south. We are easily one of the hardest targets on the planet to attack; yet they attacked us. Why? Because we have been destabilizing the middle east for profit, taking the lives of millions of innocent people, for decades. I don't dispute that people like Osama Bin Laden are evil, but the guy killed like 3000 people... Should we not have the same outrage for, say, the sociopath who started a war on  pretenses he knew were entirely falsifie  that killed over a million people and put the American people in far more danger than they were in before? Or what about the guy before him whose sanctions on Iraq killed 500,000 children? Osama Bin Laden got a bullet in the back of the head and dropped in the Ocean for killing 3000 people; The Nazi's were sentenced to death for same crime under the geneva convention that the US perpetrated with Iraq;  Bush and Clinton got libraries named after them and a pension. Is this not at all concerning to you?


Why is it a job? Who decided it is the job? How did it become a super power? Do we *need* a super power? 


I'm not sure by what standard tens of millions of dead foreign civilians and a domestic population so burdened with debt that economic collapse is a mathematically inevitability and in more danger than has ever been the case is a 'reasonably decent job'. 


Handing over the reigns? So you're saying that if you criticize US foreign policy then that means you are automatically advocating that Russia or China become the new genocidal super power? How about we consider that maybe we don't need a genocidal super power? Maybe there is another option? Maybe there isn't, but I think it might be worth more than 10 seconds thought to consider alternatives. Of course you are totally content and you think that millions of people dying, whether at the hands of the US or any other government, is 'reasonably decent', then that's fine, but I'm not sure there is much worth debating. I am not content with that. 
Okay now on to your most recent post:


I'm not sure what you're getting at? Are you saying that reason and emotion can not coexist? Or that have anger about something terrible makes it irrational? Are you saying that pointing out the gruesome horror of the Iraq conflict makes my facts less relevant? 


Their innocence is not particularly of relevance, however I can guarantee 99% of the people who died posed no threat to the United States. This is not an opinion, this is just common sense. 


What is this I don't even; The only thing I'm going to do is take this same logic and apply it to something else:
"Oh you're sister got raped? Hey you should look on the bright side, much worse things could have happened!"  
"Oh Hitler killed millions of jews? Hey at least it wasn't as bad as the Spanish Inquisition, am i right!"


Sure. It just so happens (not exactly a coincidence) that the few who don't have all the guns and the tanks.


Well first I think it'd be nice to get some empirical data of these so called countries who 'are so much better off thanks to the US', but let's even concede that this is actually factual:
I will respond to this using a similar analogy I used above: If you have a plague that killed tens of millions of people, it's wouldn't be the best argument to say "hey well in this small pocket of south africa it actually cured the leprosy there". 
you can't just say "Well it was only 90% bad, therefore it's fine". Well you can do whatever you want, but it's not a very good argument. 


You can't just make up an alternate reality of 'what if'. First you would even have to prove that the US did *any* of these things for a morally good reason, as opposed to using morally good reasons to justify their crimes in the minds of the people. And second I can just respond with "Well how do you know if the US didn't do anything we wouldn't have a world of wonders and love and puppies and happiness". That 'argumen't supports my case  just as much as it is yours. 






Oh and how do you know this? Are you a politician? Cause that would be an interesting debate. 


To be honest, now I'm just annoyed. You keep saying things like they are just unquestioned facts. Is invading a country for nothing the 'lesser of two evils'? This whole idea that any of these wars for 'for our protection' is so divorced from reality that I don't even know where to start. 


Oh okay. As long as you think we're improving, what's a couple million lives and a world economy. Carry on.
@_date: 2014-02-26 03:36:02
I would like to point out the degree of epicness of this fail—not gox themselves, but how much it affected the bitcoin and the community—is a result of government, not freedom. it's near impossible to set up an exchange due to cluster-fuck-level of financial regulation; everyone is scared that the government is going to come after them for setting up an exchange/using bitcoin (as the financial laws are so immense, convoluted, and contradictory that they basically mean whatever the feds want them to mean in any given situation); along with assuredly many more things such a the poor technological education we get in public schools, the fact that the game is rigged in favor of fiat and large financial institutions, etc. Without all these things, Gox would have never gotten the traction it did. If there was simply just marginally less financial regulations, without even addressing the dozens of other factors, we would have 20 US based exchanges right now and no one would even know what Gox is. Bitcoin's slow infrastructure development and thus instability is not a market problem, it is a government problem. In a free market, people have incentive to provide what other people want. Your exchange sucks? 10 new ones pop up. Too hard to get some bitcoins? purchasing gets streamlined; paper and hardware wallets are available (and don't get shut down by the feds). When people want something but can't get it, it's because the market is restricted—because laissez-faire isn't occurring— not because laissez-faire is incompetent. 
edit: seems I was unclear originally; added a little to clarify my position. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:11:56
Are we just going to ignore that if it werent for financial regulations we would have 20 or 50 exchanges instead of 5 and the incompetence of Gox would have been weeded out years ago? Mt Gox, and this whose debacle, was entirely the *result* of regulation, not because of a lack of it. You cannot solve problems with the same thing that caused them in the first place. 
Wall street is the most regulated sector in the world many times over, and yet it is the most corrupt. And it keeps getting more powerful and more corrupt as regulations are piled on. This occurs in every sector of every country. When things get regulated they get more corrupt and do the exact opposite of what is claimed was their intention. Regulations dont stop the big guys who they are allegedly supposed to. They stop the little guy while the big guy buys off the regulators and lobbies for more regulation and taxes to reduce competition, because they are above the law. The only thing regulation even kind of solves in the problems that previous regulations caused in the first place. For example, the EPA wouldn't have been necessary if all land was privately owned, and even post-EPA BP, the military, the government, Monsanto, etc can do whatever they want to the environment. The laws only apply to us peasants. And you bet your ass there will be proposals (and I'm sure have been in the past) to regulate the regulations in an attempt to 'fix' the problems the EPA presents. Its why every government in history grows until it collapses under its own weight. 
This—the irrefutable, in-your-face-twenty-four-hours-a-day-seven-days-a-week fact, that as regulations piles on things just get worse—is something those of the left need to address to be taken seriously. I used to be a total leftie, but as soon as this was pointed out to me i realized there was a fundamental flaw in my understanding of how things work. After that, the rabbit hole began but thats besides the point. The degree to which people hate capitalism (or think they hate capitalism) is directly proportional to the degree that we do not have capitalism. As regulation grows, caused by problems created by government in the first place, we get mad at problems caused by that regulation and  blame it on capitalism, and then ask for more regulation (reducing capitalism), it gets worse, we hate capitalism even more, and ask for more regulation, on and on forever until things collapse. Anyone who is going to argue that in the last 30 years, as America has gotten increasingly less and less capitalist, inequality has soared more than ever before is not basing their view on the data (myself included until recently). The degree of regulation, empirically, is directly proportional to the degree with which things get worse. What you do with this fact is totally up to you—dismiss it or acknolwedge that it is somewhat peculiar and worth further investigation—but I figured i'd at least point it. Libertarians are flawed in many ways (though I believe there are some pockets who are really pushing the bounds of near-perfect objectivity), but when it comes to economics, it seems abhorrently apparent (to me anyway) we have mountains of evidence on our side, while the left just has faith and catch phrases (again, i say this from a position of experience). 
Sorry for the tirade: back to your point, no you dont have to be an expert in anything, or at least, if you were required to do so regulation would hardly help. The computer industry is fairly unregulated (at least compared to other industries) and you dont have to be scared of swindles and scams. Same for say restaurants or whatever. Sure theres the health and safety board but theres no reason that couldnt be a private institution and word of mouth and reputation are pretty significant factors in a market. Bitcoin is not having issues because it's unregulated, it's having issues because it's NEW and because it's almost impossible to set up an exchange due to extensive regulation, everyone is scared of the government coming after them because the laws basically mean whatever the feds want them to mean in any given situation, etc. But i digress. I understand you have this view of the market—I did too—having spent 14 years in government schools it'd be weird if we didn't. but i can tell you from my experience and the experience of many others: what we are told is true is not. Of course, dont believe me just cause i say it. Pick up some libertarian literature and check it out. If for nothing more than to prove us flawed idealists wrong. :)
Heres a good starting point: 
edit: sp and shit.
@_date: 2014-08-12 06:32:41
Wow my first tip! Thanks man :D
@_date: 2014-06-05 00:26:39
anyone got part 1? 
@_date: 2014-01-20 22:55:15
Historically, yes, the freest the market, and the smallest the government that have ever been created have also created most prosperous society in history (until, of course, the government bloated to the degree it is today with no sign of slowing), but i have a few questions if you dont mind: 
1. If the previous statement is true, which i think we both agree it is, why not take it the its final conclusion and have no state?
2. In a minarchist society, what incentive is there for people whose incomes are provided through force (taxation) to provide actual justice to criminals? If the free market *could* solve the problem of criminal justice as adequately as the state (which to be honest, seems pretty easy when compared to the current anti-justice system), would you concede to the idea of a society without an institution whose central tenet is based on the use of violence (government)?
@_date: 2014-05-08 00:02:57
how is the fact that the FBI/US 'defense' sector supports and funds terrorism more than bitcoin does (and probably ever will) not relevant to the investigation? 
@_date: 2014-01-20 03:10:11
I know witcoins is just being his usual lovely troll self but the upvotes are telling: Per usual, we blame the free market for a problem created by government. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 20:56:00
So if i dont want to have my money stolen from me at the point of a gun i have to go live in the woods? And pointing out that i prefer to not be threatened with violence makes me a scum sucking leech and an idiot? That is your vision of 'morally good'? You believe that the use of violence against me is a good and moral thing to do... and then youre calling me the asshole? Im not saying youre an asshole–maybe you are, i dont know you–but i think it wouldnt be unreasonable to say that someone who wishes harm on another person for having a different opinion is more of an asshole than someone who doesnt. 
You can do whatever you want, if you want to voluntarily pay for any of the services you listed–*all* of which were either made by private companies, just hired by the government, or could very easily be voluntarily funded—go right ahead. I believe that these services are poorly maintained by the government,
and even if they werent there is kind of the fact that they are paid through extorted money which i did not consent to–just because rape can feel good does not make it love making–and even more so that this stolen money is used to kill millions of innocent people; trap people in poverty (welfare); bail out their big bank buddies or any of mercantilist institutions whom are exempt from the taxes and regulations we peons have to abide by; maintain the rape rooms (prison) that i will thrown into if i decide not to submit to this or if i decide i was to smoke some vegetitation (i dont smoke, but i dont think i should spend a decade in a cage being raped if i wanted to); or really whatever the hell the politicians and lobbyists and unions want. But again, if you want to pay for this, and deride and criticize and slander anyone who doesnt, thats all well and good. If you want violence used against me for not wanting to pay for things which i consider destructive and morally abhorrent, well i dont appreciate it but there is not much i can do other than have enough respect for my own life to not continue conversing with you. If you are open to reconsidering your desire for my harm, then that's different, but if you stand by this position then i cannot, while maintaing my integrity, continue to converse with you. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 15:02:08
If this is actually true, then good riddance. If the government can destroy bitcoin, if we have to pander and petition and beg for them not to, then bitcoin is not what a huge–probably 50%–of the early adopters adopted for. And even if we can magically get the government to go against their best interest and not destroy bitcoin, only regulate it for 'the good of the people', that will destroy it anyway, just like it has everything else. The financial sector today is the *epitome* of government regulation. Hundreds of thousand of laws and regulations, more than any other sector (with health care in second place i believe) yet we have the 2008 collapse, occupy wall street, increasing wealth disparity, etc.  This isnt because there "arent enough laws" this isnt because "the regulations need to be reformed" this is because this is what government regulation does. Everyone always says "government regulation is good, it was just implemented poorly in this case" for literally everything. "Welfare is good, it's just implemented poorly" "public school is good, it's just implemented poorly". No one stops and says "huh... we've been saying this stuff for 100 years about every single government program but there has yet to be a regulation that wasnt 'implemented poorly'". No one stops to realize that if it wasnt implemented 'poorly'  aka benefit the few at the expense of the many, it wouldnt have been implemented in the first place. Regulation is how big businesses keep out the little guys and how the shit businesses keep out the good businesses. The government is for sale just like anyone else, except they dont have to appease the ones paying their bills because if *you* as the tax payer refuse to pay, they can simply come to your house and take you away to prison, and if you resist, they can kill you and everyone around you will cheer that it was moral and noble. It's never occurred to people that 'regulation helps make the market better for the consumer' is a myth to keep people from seeing that the government is a monopoly on violence, and that violence can do harm to the world, despite the facts that the evidence is overwhelming if we will only let the emotional barriers down to let the facts in.  Either bitcoin can supersede regulation, or it is dead. Period. Doesnt matter if the politicians want it to succeed or not, if they *can* regulate it, then it's fucked. I have hope bitcoin is anti-fragile. If it's isnt then i will await it's succesor because bitcoin's death is only a matter of time. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:42:09
This is the best novelty account ever. 
@_date: 2014-06-25 21:23:58
:'( okay
@_date: 2014-05-08 02:00:10
What exactly do you mean by 'counter terrorism' and by what criteria are you determining it's effectiveness to such an excessive degree that my lack of knowledge/understanding/agreement with it shuns me to the category of 'naive'? 
And again, as i said in the post, let's say 'counter terrorism' has stopped more than zero terrorist attacks from occurring. Am i wrong in claiming that focusing on the little speckle of not-totally-sadistic-sociopathic-destruction that allegedly exists in a small section of US defense called 'counter terrorism programs' whilst ignoring the tens of millions of tattered corpses buried in unmarked graves around the world, all of which are the very reason we need these 'counter terrorist programs' in the first place, is not exactly looking at the situation very objectively? If the world was ridden with a plague which was killing tens of millions of people would it be reasonable to provide a counter argument of "well yes, but there have been 3  instances in which a mutation of that plague which have cured cancer. To claim that this plague is not effective at curing cancer is naive." Again, i'm totally fine to concede that the plague cured cancer a few times, but, IMO, the bodies piling up around us might be a little more important to address. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 15:26:05
i did not expect it to be on wikipedia. While your implication that i'm retarded for not knowing this is not exactly welcomed it's good to know more about the topic i suppose, so i guess i will say: thanks for the information. 
@_date: 2014-06-29 11:05:47
OMG THE HORROR THINK ABOUT THE CHILDREN!!!1!!
@_date: 2014-07-28 14:39:50
How well did that work out? I heard no one does drugs anymore now that the government made it illegal. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 18:43:25
Anarchism =/= no rules; all anarchism is is the acceptance of the non-aggression principle as a universal moral statute. "Anarchy" is simply voluntarism, which most everyone associates with freedom. When you are free to do something, as long as it does not initiate violence upon others, you have freedom; this is exactly the same definition of anarchism. Any area in which government, a monopoly on the use of the initiation of violence, has no say--which friends you have, which job you have, how you resolve disputes at your job, who you marry, etc--is essentially anarchic. In fact, 99% of most people's lives *are* in fact anarchic. When was the last time you threatened someone with violence--The only thing which isn't anarchic? Not too often, I'd hope.
I don't know enough about the history of the term to know which came first--the idea that 'anarchy' is a bunch of psycho mohawked motorcycle riders raping and pillaging innocent women and children or simply the acceptance of the non aggression principle--however the way in which most people refer to anarchy, the former definition, is slowly losing pace for the latter definition. 
For anyone interested, [here]( is a really short book (should only take about an hour to read) on how everyday we live anarchic principles. For those interested further, [here is a much more in-depth explanation of the principles of anarchy]( and how they could be used to structure society much more effectively, efficiently, and peacefully than currently occurs. 
@_date: 2014-04-25 10:30:47
he has two three-hour call in shows a week–which anyone who has a problem with him is *always* given priority over other callers–and is almost perpetually available on skype. Give him a call. Im sure he'd be happy to hear your criticisms. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:07:49
Forbes mobile is literally the biggest piece of shit. I've swiped off the article 3 times now. Of course they wont let you use the full desktop version. 
Edit: 4th time
@_date: 2014-04-30 21:06:52
Do you realize that just about every 'criticism' you've made of Molyneux's character up to this point could be said about the way you are reacting? Or that you have still yet to make any kind of logical argument or disproof of any single claim Molyneux has made? 
All you've done is assert your opinion and subsequent anger based around pretty much zero facts. If you want to debate philosophy, awesome, let's do it, i am totally open to the possibility that everything he says is incorrect, but I cant refute or concede an argument if you refuse to make one. 
You can call a biologist "arrogant" for acknowledging the validity of evolution but that is not the same thing as presenting an argument. Either attempt to actually disprove it or stop pretending that a debate is being had. 
@_date: 2014-06-26 09:27:34
I totally see where youre coming from and fully agree–However i would contend that lack-of-goverment-intervention (read: government help)  in everyday life =/= lack of government in general. Third world countries have large and powerful governments which are very violent and most of them are funded by foreign "aid" from western countries resulting in there being no need to have happy or productive people in the third world for these governments to stay funded. If a government can sustain itself without the people believing it is providing value, it will always strive to do that; and if it doesnt need the taxes of the people to sustain itself, it has zero incentive to provide any value at all (Just look at the US now that they can just print or borrow money instead of raise taxes for an example of how this plays out). Coupled with the dumping of agricultural goods at deflated prices due to subsidies which destroy third-world agrarian economies (most of whom missed out on the Enlightenment and Industrial Revolution), the selling of arms to third world warlords, and the bombing and political destabilization of the regions for of the profits of American corporations/American political interests makes for a very unnatural situation. if it were not for the "help" of large western economies, these small third world countries would be absolutely nothing like they are today. But i digress. 
In regards to your specific concerns: Practical Anarchy answered these questions to my satisfaction, and if your friends have not provided any compelling arguments to you on these topics as of yet, its likely you will have better arguments for anarchy after reading it than than they themselves do haha. 
Note: seeing as you seem more curious and interested in the potential validity of anarchism, id like to correct my former comment a little and strongly suggest that you check out Everyday Anarchy before Practical Anarchy. It's really short and I think would cause the latter to make much more sense. 
lastly i just want to say i really appreciate the convo. its not that often I find a non anarchist–or an anarchist, as many have their own hostilities and biogtries on other areas– with whom i can have a polite conversation for our mutual benefit. cheers :)
@_date: 2014-03-16 00:47:45
I have been saying this for a long time and everyone hated me for it (maybe they still do). Buying things just because they are sold in bitcoins or spamming places to accept bitcoin is, IMO, not going to gives merchants and accurate view of bitcoin usage. How many times has a place started accepting bitcoin only to have no one buy things with it? Ive seen at least a few. Trying to push for mass adoption and have this train reach the station before its good and ready is only going to cause problems. 
For example, Mt Gox IMO was as big of a disaster as it was because of the artificial hype surrounding bitcoin (caused at least in part by us pumping it because we saw dollar signs–note i am including myself in this to some degree), and thus there was an excess of people holding coins who didnt actually know what they were doing nor paid attention enough to understand the risks. ANYONE who came to this sub even once a week in the last year (if not much longer) should have known Mt Gox was a disaster waiting to happen and got their coins out immediately; i came around in January 2013 and INSTANTLY knew not to get involved with Gox. Clearly most of those with significant money in mt gox didnt really care about the security of their money, or at least didnt care enough to understand whether it was secure or not. Bitcoin is not yet ready for these kinds of people, not that they are bad people or anything they just dont have the time/energy/wits/or whatever it may be to safely use bitcoin in its current state. I dont mean to offend and say some of us are better in any way, i dont know what the reason is that some people put more effort in to keeping their coins secure and others didnt but the reason isnt that important–the matter of fact is that some people wont and bitcoin is not yet ready for them. The tasks of securing coins is too complex and time consuming in its current state for most people. In my opinion the the majority of the kind of people who bitcoin is not ready for who currently hold coins (or held via gox) is at least in part due to *our* artificial pumping of the value of bitcoin to people who did not understand it. 
Maybe thats a bullshit theory, but i already typed it so i might as well submit it. I think my main point still stands though: bitcoin will succeed (or fail) without our help. Bitcoin is not backed by our opinions of it, it is backed by its objective utility. Ultimately, the market will decide whether our perception of that utility is as objective as we think it is. Us artificially plugging our opinions and putting dollar signs into people's eyes will only artificially raise the price and cause more problems and slow adoption in the long run (i think the tech is too powerful for it to completely turn people off but it will definitely at least slow it down). If buying something in bitcoin is actually useful to you (you like the anonymity or saving on tx fees or its just easier or you just like being part of the revolution) , then go ahead and do it. But if you are only buying this thing or another because you think it will cause the price of bitcoin to grow just be aware that this kind of thing will likely only slow the adoption of bitcoin and your potential future millionairism (if thats what youre interested in) in the future.
@_date: 2014-04-26 21:19:06
Is it recorded? i'd be interested in hearing it. 
@_date: 2014-06-24 09:20:38
Im not saying that its going to be some kind of explosion of doom and depression. i mean maybe but I dont think that is particularly likely; I have some ideas how it might unfold but i dont think those are particularly relevant either as I am not anything more than an amateur on these topics. I would say however that it is hard to argue, when presented with the facts, that some *serious* financial shift is not on the horizon. 
Also, for whatever it is worth, I am not "taking this guy's word"; these are things I've been looking into for a few years now and these videos specifically were the easiest to dig up. And are you suggesting that i should take the advice of you, a random guy on the internet, to not take the advice of random people on the internet? 
Not that it particularly implies credibility, but Stefan is one of the bigger names in the bitcoin community and has been suggesting its utility as far back as 2011. I am surprised you as a bitcoiner do not know of him. As a random guy on the internet in a conversation about advice from random people on the internet, where you propose to me that i be careful to believe things, i shall propose to you to be careful to dismiss things based on only a 12 minutes (assuming you watched the video) of a pretty "fear mongery" topic–even if it is  100% empirical it still will come off to most as "fear mongery" just due to the absolute lack of mainstream discussion–before denouncing such as a 'right wing conspiracy nut job'. I'd suggest [his videos on bitcoin]( they some of the best out there IMO. 
@_date: 2014-03-29 23:56:50
Your argument rests on the assumption that politicians listen to 'old people'. Can you help me understand why you believe this is the case? Am i missing something where once you complain enough your taxes then become voluntary; where you can opt out of paying for the slaughter of over a million of little brown kids in Iraq and not get thrown in jail; where politicans, policemen, judges, soldiers, pundits, don't get paid unless they actually provide satisfaction to the people? Cause last time i checked Obama, Bush, and Clinton (and i'd be amazed if it wasnt the same case for everyone before them) did the exact opposite of everything that got them elected; just the term politican was ubiquitously associated with with descriptor of 'lying' 'thieving' and 'greed'; more people were fond of cockroaches than they were of congress; and no war in US history has ever been even budged by hundreds of thousands  of protestors. For hundreds of years people in this country have voted, and for hundreds of years the only things that passed were those that benefitted politicians. And here I, and many others, are, saying "hey weve been trying this for over 200 years and it has never worked. Maybe we should try something new" yet we are the ones who need a reality check? Im sorry but i really am struggling to understand on what empirical basis you have to claim that i am entitled and lazy for  my acknowledging that voting, and begging for your freedom from sociopaths who can shoot you if you dont pay them,  has never worked. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 22:01:52
No. The crisis was not averted. The consequences were just postponed  and socialized. Every year our money loses 3% of its value to quantitative easing. We are 16 trillion dollars in debt and the *rate* at which that is growing is ever increasing. What do you think is going to happen when we confront that century old can? Do you think any politician is going to tackle it? Of course not. Even if they *would* its not possible that they *could*. It will grow and grow until it collapses under its own weight. Whether thats this decade or the next is unknown but barring something major (like bitcoin possibly–maybe adding another half century) this can will be confronted in the next decade.  All that these bail outs do is pump some blood into a dying, cancer ridden patient. It Doesnt fix anything, it just postpones death. All the while 50% of your money is taken from you to pay the transnational corporations, congress man, regulators, banks, and everyone else fucking you. Last year 26 of the tippidy top corporations didnt pay a cent in income tax. you really think these regulations are there to stop and control them? They *wrote* them. You really think us peons can get congress to screw themselves and their, essentially, employers? For what? They already have your money and if you decide you dont want to pay it they will *shoot* you. There is absolutely zero incentive for any politician to do anything other than play the money game–its why things get worse and why this was inevitable since july 4, 1776. 
Why is it that the more the government regulates and taxes and gets their hands in peoples lives the worse things get? Im sure you've seen the '9 out of 10 americans dont know this unbelievable fact' thing about wealth desparity. What they fail to point out of course, being on the left, is that this is entirely coincident with massive expansions of the government; the century of american socialism/corporatism is the century of decreasing prosperity.  When capitalism is at an all time low, wealth disparity is at all time high; when capitalism what at its all time high; wealth disparity was at an all time low... *kind* of important. Socialism isnt going to fix this, socialism *caused* it. America was its most prosperous and productive when only the rich were paying like 3% income tax. Now the rich pay like 70% and you and i pay 40-50% and look at how things are going? Even back in the 50s 1 man could easily support a family, now with taxes and inflation and regulations and everything that is nothing more than a dream. With hundreds of billions more in revenue, has the government gotten better? Is it providing better services? Of course not. The DMV is still a joke, and soon we will be getting our healthcare from it; the court system is inaccessible to most anyone without serious money; most of our money goes to killing brown people in other countries, paying off just the *interest* on an unpayable national debt and the last bit into the pockets of congressman who have a lower approval rating than cockroaches; our school system hasnt changed in 250 years (are you really gonna tell me you couldnt have learned in 2 years what took 14 years under the brain mincing public school system?) other than maybe just getting worse (a higher percentage of americans were literate *before* the implementation of public school than we have today); coincident with the great society legislation of the 70's was the complete *stagnation* of the 1% per year decline in poverty (prior to welfare poverty rates were decreasing at 1% per year), and a subsequent rise; social security will be bone dry by the time you or i need it; the list goes on. As things become more socialized things get worse. Yet everytime we see a consequence of government intervention we blame it on free trade and ask for more regulation and control. Then it continues to get worse and worse to the point where we hardly have any remnants on capitalism–just this mercantilist state-sucking plutocracy–and of course everyone blames the problems on capitalism– something that hardly exists anymore, something which no one without significant time in the realm of economics even knows the definition of–and asks for more government intervention.
 Things will get worse, i can guarantee that. And at some point the liberals (dont get me wrong, the republicans are full of diddly as well)  and Keynesians are going to need to grapple with the fact that shit just keeps getting worse as the government grows. Theres nothing *I* can do other than make a prediction based on my own study, and when it proves itself correct, hope that it causes people to rethink their position (or if i, and many nobel prize economists who no one seems to want to listen to, happen to be wrong, rethink our positions). 
Of course it doesnt matter. Bitcoin is free. The government cant stop it. Its entire purpose was to subvert the control and destruction of the government. Hopefully by the time it runs out of steam people will stop thinking that the government is the answer to the problems is caused. 
Also there is some pretty substantial revisionist history re-examining the great depression in where the evidence strongly suggests that the great depression was caused and sustained by the federal reserve. Im not a historian so i cant say for certain, and i only have a novice understanding of the situation at this point (low on my priority list) but i think its worth your time to check out. 
With that said we are clearly coming from two opposite sides of the spectrum and this conversation occurring any further would be an exercise in futility. I put forward my best argument while–and im not trying to sound like a dick or elitist or anything –i have heard all of yours before because i used to make them and believe them. Thats not to say im right–im pretty sure im on the right track–but im definitely not going to be unconvinced of my position by arguments whose logical deconstruction was my reason for changing to this position in the first place. Of course, if im wrong, i will surely know quite soon as i continue to study and as things play out. However i hope at least something i have said has caused you to pause and maybe consider that what im saying is worth further inquiry. And of course if i havent, doing this for another few hours isnt going to change that. If im a bumbling idiot who has no idea what he's talking about, then it would be silly of you to continue to converse with me anyway. 
 So while i appreciate your calm and respectful responses, this conversation no longer serves any productive purpose. Good day fair sir. 
@_date: 2014-07-30 13:28:02
"...How can they justify..." They dont have to. They're the government. If we dont like it, the most productive thing to do would be to go fuck ourselves, as spending years and millions of dollars to get a new politician elected is a waste of time, and getting thrown in prison for boycotting (not paying taxes) also doesnt sound very appealing. 
@_date: 2014-07-26 22:20:38
Are you referring to just the segment OP linked? I'd assume so because i thought the point of the entire video was quite clear, though i can see how out of context it might be unclear. 
I, assuming i understood OP's intention, would guess the point in linking this segment was that the SEC cant even keep their employees from spending most of their time watching porn and thus to believe that these same retards can prevent some really intelligent, powerful, wealthy bankers from doing what they do best–gain more money and power–is just a pipe dream. And even ignoring the absurdity of the lack of control the government has over it's own employees, it make senses when you think about it: everyone runs on incentives. Regulators have absolutely zero incentive to do 'what is best for the people' when they can take a $100K check to 'look the other way' or 'leave this loophole in', and thats assuming they arent ex-financial sector workers in the first place (which they almost always are), the overwhelming majority of whom had to have been quite corrupt to succeed in today's hyper regulated, basically government-run financial sector. Whether you work in the SEC or Goldman Sach's your job is basically interchangeable. And let's even say you are some paragon of virtue who can 'fight for the people' despite, $100,000 checks for looking the other way and death threats for not: the government cant even run the DMV or the post office half efficiently, they 'misplace' hundreds of billions of dollars yearly (and thats just the ones we know about), to belief that they, even if they were all super human justice machines, have the coordination or ability to regulate the most lucrative sector in the world for being corrupt is still a pipe dream. They get your tax money whether they provide value to you or not. If gov reps can work 50 days out of the year making 6 figures, and can add another hundred grand for every piece of preferential legislation they pass, meanwhile having an 8% approval rating in congress, they will. Why wouldnt they? If you got paid your full salary and couldnt get fired while doing whatever you want, most people would work the minimum. And even if it's not most, just a few, everyone who would do that works in the gov. 
The US has more laws than any countries today, and potentially in history, just the federal registry has over a million laws in it and thats ignoring the tax code and everything else, there's something like 10,000 new regulations added every year and the belief that this is a 'problem caused by the free market'–when it couldnt even be said, with any credbility, that we've even had a remotely free market since 1913–and just one more regulation will solve things is so fundamentally misinformed that's its not even wrong. Sure everyone believes it, but it's not because it has anything to do with the facts. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 02:16:32
Sorry dude but, with all due respect, the utter absurdity of such an argument, and how simply it could be  deconstructed it into a false dichotomy, tells me that continuing on with this debate is going to be way more work than I have any interest in pursuing. Continuing this debate would no longer be enjoyable to me, and thus I will be tapping out. cheers. 
@_date: 2014-07-21 07:41:49
I hope this is the case because after Rand fails, the belief that you can use the state to bring down the state will no longer have any legs to stand on (not that it does now but a lot people dont really want to give up on the belief that we can shrink/reform/fix the government). 
If Rand or Ron, even if elected, could make any positive change in this country then we already live in a dictatorship. If they cant, then those who support them are spending thousands of hours and millions of dollars attempting to do something that cannot be done, burning themselves out and losing all hope by beating their heads against a wall. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:19:19
If *this* is truly the first time you've questioned journalistic integrity please dont turn on the TV else you might have a stroke.  
@_date: 2014-06-26 08:33:55
No im fully in support of your sentiments–we all want a freer more peaceful world with more power to the people. Where we all differ is what we think are the causes and the solutions. 
And im stoked you're interested! most people would just blow it off and say "oh anarchy is just some mad max all-against-all; people will die in the streets and babies will be eaten" without even being open to considering why many believe anarchism to hold validity. If/when you do get a chance to check em out i'd love to discuss your thoughts. Come back and find me when you get around to it :)
@_date: 2014-03-27 23:46:11
The average American works until April every year just to pay for their federal, state and local taxes. A working american owes a couple hundred grand on the national debt. I guarantee a couple more hundredths of a cent, if that, on each because a couple hundred, or even a couple thousand, people sent the IRS some extra paper work isnt going to cause a change in anything. If anything it will just give the govt an excuse to raise taxes. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 20:20:32
sorry i cant tell if you are supporting my argument or attempting to refute it... can you clarify for me? 
@_date: 2014-07-17 10:19:04
lol  paradise
@_date: 2014-08-01 04:28:37
$400 for 720p 30FPS, yearly subscription, overpriced games, non-moddable (physically nor in game), and suboptimal input devices, etc just seems like a waste of money to me. That's why i switched from 360 to PC instead of getting an xbone. my $1K PC – which has far more than double the processing power of an xbone; i get  200+ FPS playing xbox ports that a 360 could only manage to run at 30  – paid for itself simply in the money I've saved on game prices alone and thats not even going into all the other things i love about PC. I mean if you have a lot of disposable income and xbone exclusives are really worth it to you  i suppose go for it. I used to play Halo competitively and Halo 2 and 3 were my babies (i never played another xbox game until Reach) and i'd love to get my hands on the upcoming halo's, but having to go back to 1.5" of joystick vs my 17" of mousepad alone would prevent me from doing it (even if i got an xbone for free). But hey, as long as you acknowledge the objective fact that PC is superior in just about every way then you are loved and revered by your brothers of the master race; hybrids are equal in the eyes of GabeN. 
@_date: 2014-08-14 15:49:38
the term "necessary evil" immediately puts my mind in a bad place as I've never once heard it used where the evil was actually necessary, but there's a first time for everything so: Okay let's say you're right (I have no reason to doubt you). Shouldn't our focus then be more on 'how can we make btc more useful and convenient for the average person' to increase acceptance so that the merchants will then want to hold on to their btc? I see very few people talking about bitcoin's problems and how to fix them, and mostly just people evangelizing bitcoin as if it is some final product really to the save the world. I would argue BTC is not ready for mass adoption, and pushing it to do things it is not ready to do is only going to hinder it's ability to do it in the future. 
@_date: 2014-02-21 00:05:19
because government regulations and laws making it almost impossible to set up a competing exchange is such a shining example of the 'free market'... 
@_date: 2014-02-28 23:37:12
Honesty, nothing. I will ride this puppy out until it changes the world or becomes worthless. 
@_date: 2014-01-20 09:48:55
Would you mind elaborating on how you resolve the contradiction that as government regulation and interference grows, so does inequality; how it is that as these regulations which are claimed to 'help' the little guy, have done the opposite? 
And are you aware that cable companies have state granted monopolies? Instead of instituting more laws, which will assuredly be abused to further restrict the internet just like any other, why not just remove the monopolies so that competition can do its job? Google fiber is knocking on your door and the only reason you dont have it is because it is illegal for them to offer it to you. 
This is just one example of what Imean when I say that capitalism is blamed for problems caused by government. And I persoy have never found an instance in which a criticism of capitalism was not in fact a criticism of government blamed on capitalism. I'm sure they exist, I've just never heard one; and of course im just one guy who has been interested in this stuff for not even a year. Granted, if people were aware of the fact that they're asking the govt to solve a problem it created, the govt wouldn't exist (something it has every intention of preventing).
Also the idea that big corps like goldman sachs want deregulation doesnt make sense to me either. The absolute best thing a giant corporation could want is higher taxes and more regulation. I could type about this for like an hour, but let me just present these two objections: the higher the taxes and regulations the harder it is for competitors to compete. A big corp like goldman sachs can afford to pay the taxes, or find the loopholes, or funnel their money off shore. Similarly, complying with regulation costs a lot of money and time as well, and buying off regulators and inspectors or passing preferntial legislation is pretty easy with the money of a mega corp. No mom and pop shop, or even most other large businesses, can comply with all of these, only the mega giants who are only as big as they are in the first place cause they own the government. And this logic fits perfectly with what has happened in the last 50 years (or 230, however you want to look at it): As regulation, taxes, interference, etc by government increases, the more monopolies there are, the poorer the bottom 99% are, and the better off the 1% are (which i might add, your supposed buddies in congress who are 'fighting for you' and the 99%, are a part of). If the left is going to try to convince me that doing exactly what weve been doing for 50 years is going somehow cause the opposite effect of what it has been, i am open to it, though I extraordinary claims require equally extraordinary evidence. 
For what its worth: I live in California, i was raised a democrat, i supported occupy, i voted Obama in 08, But that was before i took an interest in economics and before I realized that there seemed to be a disconnect with what politicians said and what actually happened. I know the leftist arguments because i used to make them–and then i, through my own research, found logic, arguments, and evidence which tore them to shreds (of course I don't expect to prove in a few paragraphs what has taken me a few thousands hours to learn, but hopefully I have provided enough to cause you tobe interested) . Now thats not to say the political right isnt equally as full of shit–the political right is as much free market as the left is anti war (ie they arent, they just tout is like they are), the political right is a joke and i have, as a whole, more in common with the political left than the right *but* that doesnt change the fact that 'government will fix it!' Is magical thinking. I hate to be so certain, because most people who are certain are full of shit, though if you are interested i will, to the best of my abilities, provide some of the logic and empirical data which have convinced me of my position (and I am open to having a conversation on why it is that you believe what you believe and providing some resources for some alternative viewpoints). Of course if you are absolutely certain that government will save us, and if what I have said thus far has not caused you to think 'hmmm that *is* kind of odd', then I am content to leave it at that as well. Cheers. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 04:56:19
I was just referring to US economic policy as a whole, in which the fed is a central part of, however I am not savvy enough on the whole situation to know if or how the Fed directly or indirectly affected unfunded liabilities specifically. But I can just refer you to the national debt ,which is a unarguably a consequence of the fed, which is listed at [$200,000 per person]( twice the number that it was before 2008.
@_date: 2014-01-27 18:47:10
Just curious on your take, as a minarchist, on three things. Note that i am not trying to convince you of anything, i am just interested in the minarchist position. I am very new to libetarianism (ancap) and have yet to discuss with any minarchists (proposed these questions once or twice but never got a response). I am simply interested in how minarchists resolve these issues or if they have even heard/thought of them. 
The government is a system of violence; a monopoly on force. Dont want to pay for wars or welfare which traps people in poverty or public school gulags which will melt your childs brain? Well we will send some police to your house to come pick you up and throw you in a cage where you will be raped by murderers and psychopaths. Refuse to comply? We will shoot you. This is of course a pretty over simplified, but it is accurate. Laws are the threat of violence. Period. 
How do you reconcile the idea a system based on violence can achieve something good? If violence is wrong why shouldnt we eliminate it entirely? If cancer is bad shouldnt we cut it out completely? Why leave a little in when it will just regrow? 
Second, how do you plan to keep a minarchist society small? The US was the great experiment of history. Smallest government possible. Freest markets possible. And it took what? 100 years for the civil war? 150 years before central banking, public schools, imperial conquest? This *before* kids were forced into public schools, or where the TV was pumping us with bullshit. Not even a generation before government overpowered the will of the people to be free and convinced them that they needed more government to remain free. In my mind, absolute best case scenario you can double it to 300 years before we are back in the same situation if we had another American revolution or something–and thats really giving the benefit of the doubt. Even those of us who spent all day every day paying attention to govt and politics, we can do nothing to stop the state. People have jobs and families and shit. How can we expect everyone to know whats going on in the state? And vote to prevent it? How do we stop a bill that taxes us .01% more but makes farmers hundreds of thousands of dollars? We have no incentive to fight it while they have every incentive to. 
Third, classical liberals have been around for 150 years, and libetarianism almost as long, yet the state has grown asymptotically. The libertarian party has been around for almost 40 years and what has it accomplished? Every republican candidate, at least up until recently, pretty much ran on free markets and less government, and then did the opposite. Milton Friedman just became a state sucking slut. How do you intend to make the state smaller? Because if its via political means–which i would think it would be if youre not an anarchist (and for many, even if you are)–what evidence do you have that reducing the power of the state using the force of the state is a viable option? It seems to me there is not a shred of evidence that you can reduce the size of the state by appealing to the suggestion box that is voting, and in fact all evidence points in the opposite direction. 
Those are my questions. Of course you are no obligated to respond or anything, though i would really appreciate it if you could find the time. Thanks :)
@_date: 2014-07-23 23:24:34
The *one* guy with any seeming knowledge of what actually caused the great depression..... annnnnndd you go around calling people lying douchebags (seemingly the only one attacking anyone in this whole thread). This is why we cant have nice things; doesnt matter what facts you bring (though the facts you *have* brought are hardly compelling, more just nitpicking and irritating), if the lefties are gonna sympathize with people and the libertarians ancaps are going to make angry attacks or retarded assertions with *less* facts than the lefties (despite the fact that the evidence is overwhelmingly on our side)–like that someone is "lying" and a "douche" because they dont know of some obscure and irrelevant detail about the great depression–we will forever lose. The facts are on our side yes, but if you dont actually bring any compelling facts *and* you disrespect people who have not disrespected you, no one is ever going to know or care. If you *actually* care about freedom and any tangible actualization of it, i'd strongly suggest you should reconsider your approach. At the very least get out of the way because at this point you're not only not helping, but you're making us look bad. 
edit: Looking at your responses continuing in this debate–dude... please, please just stop. Im not trying to be mean, but you contradicted yourself in your *first* response (by starting your debate with an ad hominem and then saying "we [libertarians?] only care about actual arguments"), meanwhile all you did was point out that the fed was enacted before the great depression (so fucking what? you have provided no evidence that that has anything to do with anything, despite the fact that the evidence is overwhelming that it is *everything* to do with *everything* tells either A. dont actually know how the fed caused the great depression or B. you had no intention of winning this debate, just being abusive to someone). Please, please step back and check yourself and ask yourself why you would enter this debate, why you would be so hostile, and whether there was anything productive here (there wasnt, just FYI; all you did was convince some one that libertarians use big words and claim that logic is important, meanwhile blatantly violating their own premises clearly for everyone to see), and why you think you have provided any kind of valid argument, and then claiming the philosophical high ground of "either disprove my argument or withdraw from the debate"  when you **havent actually made an argument**. 
@_date: 2014-02-06 22:27:05
Since when can you opt out of paying taxes without putting yourself in physical danger? 
@_date: 2014-08-14 15:12:43
hmm that's a good point. Though, usually when we buy in fiat we bought at a much lower price than when we 'sold'. Would this have an effect on the price (my brain is having a stupid and I can't think of whether this would increase the price or lower the price or do nothing at all)? Also I thought it highly unlikely that this specific price drop was related to the situation i mentioned above, however i would think that it could cause a more subtle and steady downward trend (excluding any other factors which drive the price up). 
@_date: 2014-01-20 03:14:08
The problem was created by government in the first place... Why would we want the government to interfere further..?
@_date: 2014-04-30 19:24:54
Soo are you gonna make an argument at some point or... ?
also your projection is amusing. 
@_date: 2014-06-23 22:05:18
Yeah. They should be more like us in the US where we just sell off our unborn children. Stupid Greeks lrn 2 freedom :)
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:25:00
In the moment yes things were diverted but they were not absolved... just kicked down the road and socialized to all tax payers...
Edit: lol k let me know when you solve the trillions of dollars in national debt while paying half your money in taxes guys. 
@_date: 2014-04-25 22:27:06
email operations
@_date: 2014-06-30 00:53:22
I see your point however i'd like to present the opposing view as I see it. Bitcoin for many is a revolution; bitcoin is the subversion of the system, one of the biggest components for a freer, less violent society. Bitcoin's central premise is decentralization, putting the power of money back in to the hands of the people. The system right now is fucked and is screwing everyone except those who control it. If bitcoin fits neatly into the current financial structure, it has failed; If bitcoin doesnt have the rulers running scared it is not achieving the central thing that many of us like it for. Now of course, if bitcoin can fit into the current system, then it's not what we are hoping for and we will have to look elsewhere. The more regulations bitcoin meets, the less of a chance it has to subvert the system. If bitcoin can only succeed if it meets regulatory standards, then it is not the revolution we were hoping for. Many of us would rather it take 10 years for bitcoin to succeed from the bottom up than make money in the here and now but have it only work within the current financial structure. This is why many getting weary at  the idea that bitcoin is being favorably viewed by regulators. Of course, if bitcoin is as powerful as we hope, it doesnt matter what regulators and governments do to it, however no one is 100% sure of whether it has that power. But we dont want silicone valley to adopt it because the regulators say its okay, we want silicone valley to adopt it because its either that or miss out on the lucrative revolution that bitcoin can bring. Hopefully this helps to some degree to show why many think this is more of bad news than good news. 
@_date: 2014-07-26 22:02:07
i got the impression he was simply pointing out that Warren clearly is not above lying and manipulating to further her own wealth. 
@_date: 2014-07-30 05:46:20
I'm ambivalent about upvoting this and the political endorsement at the end is making me hesitant about sharing this. I understand people think politics can work, even though it can't, but come on at least put it in the description or something. 
edit: Avast tells me that KarenWho.com is malware, just FYI. 
@_date: 2014-07-26 22:23:14
By personal attack are you referring to the native American thing? I thought it was quite relevant–pointing out how she clearly is not above lying and manipulating, even in regards to something as horrible as extorting genocide, to increase her paycheck. 
@_date: 2014-03-03 02:15:00
Do you mean to tell me that Andreas could be wrong about something? Are you telling me He's not an infallible perfect super human of pure omniscient consciousness whose word we should worship and priase? Seriously though, anyone who took someone's opinion—even someone as knowledgeable as Andreas—as irrefutable fact needed to learn the lesson that that is a bad idea. I'm sorry it took them til now, and probably a significant amount of money, to learn that they need to do their own research and be careful with their own money, but blaming anyone other than themselves is just going to cause them to continue to make these same mistakes. 
It sucks that people lost their money to gox and I really feel for them. But it was blatantly apparent to anyone with the eyes to see that Gox was insolvement, and has a been a disaster waiting to happen for years now. all has been for the last year that I've been here was an anti-mt gox circle jerk, and for, clearly, very good reason.Yet people still used it. If people had their money in Gox at any point in the last year, it's because they didn't care enough about their money to understand whether it was in a secure place or not.  Again, it sucks that they got burned and I really feel for the those who did, but blaming other people instead of accepting responsibility for their own risky behavior is only going to cause them to make these same mistakes in the future. Take responsibility for your own life and your own choices—the degree to which you don't is the degree to which you will continue to have these same kinds of problems. I'm not trying to demean or anger anyone, I am simply pointing out that we need to learn from and acknowledge *our* own mistakes in life, for the sake of *our* own happiness and well being. 
Downvotes welcome. 
edit: sp
@_date: 2014-06-26 20:35:48
Slavery is as economically inefficient as it is immoral. Without socializing the costs of slave capture to the tax payer via government it is far more profitable to have employees than it is to have slaves. Slaves are very unproductive and will work as slowly as possible and be as difficult as possible without getting killed. Without the government 'willing' to go out and capture escaped slaves, they'd all run away and without a personal army–a huge financial expense which would put their prices high above any competition who just paid their workers–slave owners would be much better off just paying their slaves. Brazil (i believe it was brazil) ended slavery by simply saying "we arent going to capture your slaves anymore". Slavery cannot exist in a free market. It is a product of government. 
i recall [this presentation]( having some good historical data on slavery if you are interested. 
@_date: 2014-06-24 01:53:42
? I'm fairly certain 99% of American's don't even know their children are each born 1.4 million dollars in debt or that a financial collapse is mathematically inevitable. No convincing necessary when a government is given sufficient time to shed it's accountability. 
@_date: 2014-07-05 20:55:55
What would it mean to you if this actually wasnt a new idea? What would it mean if this was at best a waste of money and at worst a scam? What would it mean to you if it were the case that government reform was impossible? Im not saying any of these things are true, but i just wanted to hear your take on them. 
@_date: 2014-06-24 06:07:02
Well I'm glad you asked; I'd recommend taking a few minutes to consider the information presented in this video: 
Also if you are interested further, I'd check out these longer ones:
@_date: 2014-06-09 20:29:00
edit: Not sure why you're getting downvoted. I thought it was a very legitimate clarification. :/
the standard dictionary definition is adequate. 
Beating someone up, shooting them, stealing from them, raping them, killjng them, etc all of these are acts of violence. 
the NAP however distinguishes the "*initiation* of violence"; no one would argue that using violence in self defense is immoral, and the same applies within the structure of the non-aggression principle (a principle which, aside from governments, 99% of people follow without even a second thought). It is only immoral to use violence when it is not in an act of self defense. And if it is immoral for you and I to initiate violence on one another, it is also immoral to set up a central monopoly on violence, give em a bunch of guns, and then them use that power to impose their will, or in a democratic system the will of the 51% (though in reality democracy inflicts the will of a much smaller percent made up of corporate elite and special interests) on the minority. 
For more on this theory, i suggest the books i have linked above, as they would be able to provide a much more consistent, succinct, and compelling case than i could. :)
@_date: 2014-03-11 23:38:20
TIL people still think the FBI has an interest in protecting them. 
@_date: 2014-07-31 05:16:06
I figured as much. I just wanted to put my two cents in on the matter for general consumption though. 
@_date: 2014-10-01 15:20:01
We as enthusiasts struggle to find a good reason to use bitcoin for various reasons. How exactly is sucking it up going to magically make non-techies want to use it? Personally i think the whole 'using bitcoin will make bitcoin succeed' is a bunch of baloney. Sure it worked fine to get us where we are, but if we want mass consumer adoption, bitcoin needs to evolve radically. It's like trying to get mass consumer adoption of computers back when everything ran on the command line. Would you be using this computer right now if it had no GUI, no simple interface, needing to enter long lines of text just to open a folder? The overwhelming majority wouldnt. and Even if *we* all suck it up and use bitcoin is its base form, the overwhelming majority wont. Do you know how TCP/IP works? Do you know the backend of credit card processing? No. and you dont need to. It just works. If you want bitcoin to succeed, you need to work on bitcoin and bitcoin related projects. If you want bitcoin to succeed, people who have no idea what cryptography, a blockchain, or potentially even private keys need to be able to easily use it and use it safely. And until this happens all we are doing is pumping up something thats pretty useless for most people. You need developers and people finding new ways to actually extrapolate the theoretical utility out of this revolutionary technology if you want it to succeed. Personally i have switched career paths into IT/programming, working toward the security field as i believe that it what bitcoin needs the most (that i also enjoy). It will be at least half a decade before i am competent and knowledgeable  enough to actually turn my sights to bitcoin but I do want to actually make this tech a reality one day. If you dont want to help bitcoin grow in a tangible way (evangelizing the complex puzzle it is today can only get you so far and i'd argue that the pool of people willing to use btc in its current form is mostly dried up, at least in the US) thats a-okay but i do think we need to acknowledge as a community the empirical fact that we are all over the news and still at $400. Anyone who thought it was worth investigating has already done so. Now its time to buckle down and show the masses how simple and useful we can make this stuff. just my 2 cents. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 02:47:21
But how is wall street so corrupt if there are so many regulations? And why does it seem that corruption is directly proportional to the level of regulation–increasing as regulation increases? Could it possibly be that its not the market that is the problem, but government? Just for one second can we consider that maybe we keep blaming capitalism over and over for problems caused by governments–that we call mercantilism and corporatocratic institutions enforced through extortion 'free markets'–and then ask the government to solve the problems it caused, thus just making it worse?
Im being facetious and i dont want to make this some off topic circle jerk about the perks of free markets, but really i think it is the most fundamental contradiction with those who believe regulation can or will or is even intended to help us (FWIW, a contradiction that i myself did not consider for many years), and i hope the OP may cause one to pause on this somewhat counter intuitive dichotomy: The degree to which government gets involved is directly proportional to the degree which consumers get screwed and corruption thrives—more government breeds more corruption. Of course, dont believe me just because i say it. But please just do a thought experiment for me and consider this view; keep it as a possibility in the back of your mind as you examine the world. As a former democrat, entertaining this possibility pretty extensively over the past few years has radically changed my outlook on things, and for the first time: the way governments and economies function and change finally makes sense. 
@_date: 2014-01-20 11:31:18
Just curious: what is your political stance? Are you a small-state libertarian? 
@_date: 2014-05-07 23:56:52


@_date: 2014-08-11 19:43:10
Sorry, i have renounced the philosophy of begging for my freedom from bureaucrats. 
@_date: 2014-06-03 19:00:31
anywhere there is money and government there will be corruption. while the dmv isnt corrupt per se it sure as hell could produce safer drivers and be far more efficent if it wasnt monopolized by the government. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 16:31:10


I dont see how the phrasing of that statement isnt *intended* to put someone on the defensive. I'm not actually offended or anything, though i think it's important that you are aware of how your response came off to me. Your comment made me feel a thrust of anxiety and i considered for a second whether i was in fact a fool for not knowing that this information was contained on wikipedia. I immediately acknowledged that it was an honest and simple lack of knowledge on my part, however your comment was quite jarring. Your response to my acknowledgement however suggested to me that there is a disconnect here (may be or my part or may be on yours). This comes off to me as passive aggressive. Of course that's just my impression; Maybe i  have something which i have yet to deal with that caused me to react unjustly (i dont find it likely in this particular situation, as this kind of situation is one i have a lot of experience in, though its possible). You seem like an intelligent guy, and thus you probably spend a lot of time debating with people. If my experience of you holds any resemblance to other's experience of you, i'd suspect you have a pretty difficult time talking with people as they always seems to get defensive and offended out of nowhere–where in you then call them defensive and question why they are overeacting. Is this something you experience?
Did my initial comment cause anxiety in you?
What made you feel compelled to seek out this answer and then comment with it (to where the associations with anarchy originated)? 
 My goal here is simply to give you honest feedback of my experience, and an idea on what may be the cause of my negative experience. We can explore it further–maybe my theory is correct or maybe it's not, in either case it is important to explore further–or if you are not interested in that, we wont. but i at least wanted to give you that feedback on my experience to whatever degree it may be useful. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 21:37:57
How is your question any different than asking during the era of slavery: "you believe slavery is immoral?? well do you use any of your masters services? You are an ungrateful and insane moron.  When he offers you food do you eat it? Without him feeding you you could not possibly be fed. If you dont want to be a slave then you can take your chances out in the woods." 
I did not consent to these services, and if i could have my tax money back to invest it in private owned infrastructures i would. But i cant. Because in refusing to pay for the rape, murder, pillaging, and all around shitfuckery committed against my fellow humans, i myself will be subject to physical force and if i refuse to spend a decade in a cage i will be shot. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 12:13:51
Mt Gox's incompetence once again puts BTC on sale? I'm not complaining.
@_date: 2014-06-26 07:57:08
I see that no one has responded to your question and i think its fair to propose that this is due to the length and complexity of an adequate answer. I hate to not answer your question but i honestly just dont think i could do it justice in short comment. If you are truly interested in how a society without a centralized government could potentially function i cannot recommend enough the book Practical Anarchy (and i think it might be worth checking out its prequel, Everyday Anarchy as well). Both can be found [here in both a PDF or Audiobook format]( Put em on your reading list :)
I would just like to put the short response though that a decentralized system which does not revolve around a monopoly on the initiation of the use of force ("government") would in its essence be far more democratic than what we call democracies today. A simple example would be bitcoin as compared to a central bank, however for many more examples and empirical evidence to suggest how all of society follows the same principles that bitcoin vs central banks does the above books would be able to illuminate this much more succinctly and convincingly than i could. 
@_date: 2014-03-31 20:39:44
To clarify, im not claiming whether bitcoin is or isnt beneficial for governments. I am simply saying that what we want is not relevant to the laws. Either they can make money off it in which case it wont be regulated to smithereens, or it threatens them in which case they will make it is difficult to use as humanly possible. But again, my point was simply that whatever bitcoin's utility happens to be to governments, what *we* want will, is, and always has been the last thing that is on their minds (aside from keeping people content enough to not start some armed revolution).  
@_date: 2014-08-01 03:24:14
brother, but why?
@_date: 2014-06-27 19:06:35
Every sentence but the last one, which i will respond to in a second, is an argument *for* what i am saying, things i fully agree with, and were even, iirc, arguments actually used in the video i linked above. We've never had a free market, and nothing even close to it since the implementation of central banking (100 years ago). We just got our chains loosened enough to earn the rulers more money. I guarantee every modern politician would rather be that than an ancient king; the power and money is exponentially larger. A mixed economy is to a communist/monarch/feudal economy what a free-range chicken is to a caged and tortured chicken. Just because we have some resemblence of freedom does not mean we are free. We have 'more' freedom because it makes us more productive, not because we are going to be set free, and our freedoms are only granted to us to the degree that they benefit the rulers. It's just a more efficient slavery. Our pen is just so large that we as free-range chickens dont see it. We can look at the cooped up chickens and say "they're opposed and we are free!" but suggest that we shouldnt be in a pen at all (Laissez Faire/no government) and everyone loses their minds. 
You have two spectrums, you have freedom/voluntarism/non violence on one end and you have slavery/coercion/violence on the other end. The state is an institution of violence. Try saying to the IRS "Hey that whole Iraq war thing? Yeah that was illegal and killed a few millions people and i had no say in it and it was immoral. So im not gonna pay my portion of taxes for it" then ignore their letters they send, as they are enforcing a contract you didnt consent to (extortion), and when the thugs in blue costumes with guns come to haul you off to the rape rooms of modern prisons, try treating them like any other home invader who is attempting to enforce a contract on you without your consent or extort money out of you that is used to kill people. Try defending yourself in the way that you would if they didnt have blue costumes which are said to represent some conceptual entity called "government"; try defending yourself as if they didnt have the costumes on. What will happen? they will shoot you of course and everyone will cheer. Costume on=upholding the law, costume off=murderer. 
I dont know about your area, but McDonalds doesnt send armed people to my house because i dont want their hamburgers. 
In regards to your last sentence i dont understand your meaning. are you claiming you are 'on the left' and I am 'on the right'? I suppose you can put me in whatever category says "pointing guns at people does not and can not solve social problems and is fundamentally immoral" but i dont think that fits into either paradigm. All i am is against the initiation of violence, whether it's on kids, wifes, poor people, rich people, dumb people, smart people, foreigns, domestic people, whatever. Violence in immoral and if its bad for me to use violence to get what i want, it is just as bad for the "majority" in a democracy (lol yeah more like the tiny minority who control the govt) to use violence to get the minority to do what they want. 
@_date: 2014-03-27 23:47:39
Dont forgot to mention that not paying the bill constitutes you getting thrown in jail, and,ultimately, shot if you do not comply. 
@_date: 2014-02-09 05:43:18
Well sure. But without the strong arm of the govenment they would have to compete for their money. 
@_date: 2014-05-02 21:56:12


Yeah, we wouldnt want HSBC to have any competition. 
@_date: 2014-04-25 20:26:05
From my research the 'cult' claims have unanimously been fabricated BS to discredit him because people dont want to acknowledge many of his more controversial ideas; or from the few people who worshipped him like a god, then realized their error, but then blamed him instead of themselves (or whatever in their lives made them susceptible to such actions). Maybe i've missed something but to my knowledge this has been the case. And of course dont believe me just cause i said it. Go research for yourself :)
However even if he *did* have a 'cult like' following, so did/do Socrates, Aristotle, Marx, Mises, Nietzche, Rand, Jesus, or really anyone considered a great thinker. Hell, even Obama has a cult like following. I think it wouldnt be very fair to say someones ideas are false (or true) because they have a cult like following (or because people accuse them of such). Personally i believe one should critique a persons ideas and decide for themselves; dont let others decide for you (not to say you're doing this or anything, just giving my position). 
@_date: 2014-09-29 01:39:03
I have been wondering how many people share this sentiment. It does seem like the circle jerk is finally starting to slow and people are seeing that evangelizing can only get BTC so far. 
The fact of the matter is: In its current form bitcoin provides little utility to the overwhelming majority of people. Regardless of the price or news, this is a fact. I think its reasonable to say that the vast majority of the price is based on bitcoins potential utility, not its current utility. Bitcoin is new, Its hard to use, Its hard to buy, Its hard to store, and few merchants accept it. I personally have no incentive to do anything other than hold and i think this is the case for many others. 
Everyone is trying to get people to use something with little utility. For as many pro-market individuals as there are in this sub, myself being one as well, its odd that so many ignore the consumer demand side of the equation. Instead of trying to push something to consumers that they dont want, take your efforts and make it into something they do want. We all know the potential bitcoin has but right now its like trying to tell people how great and useful the internet is back in the 80s. Its too hard to use. It has little utility. And its new. 
If you care about bitcoin work on bitcoin. This is as free of a market we are going to get and we need to use it. I personally got into computers and am working toward the security field because of my interest in bitcoin. It will be years before i have enough knowledge and experience to actually be useful, but in the meantime im not sitting around being annoyed that no one else is moving bitcoin forward. Bitcoin in its current form has hit or at least is near its peak. its needs to evolve into something that people want to use if its going to grow. It is the most genius foundation in modern history, but it is simply that currently–a foundation. Just like TCP/IP. Of course its going to grow and evolve whether you individually (not anyone specific, just generally for anyone reading) try to help it or not–it has too much potential not to–but IMO if you're not trying to make bitcoin more usable for the average person, i dont see how you have a right to be upset at the price. 
@_date: 2014-06-26 08:12:57
Nothing wrong with questioning the free market, it is when government intervention/regulation/control is blamed on the free market that people dont take too kindly to. You dont have a free market when the government controls the money supply, when the government "educates" the children, when corporations can use government to reduce competition, etc. The free market–though a truly free market has never existed–died at least 100 years ago when governments took over the money. Blaming the free market for the problems of today is like digging up a one hundred year old corpse and trying them for murder. Republicans like to spout bullshit about the free market but they are as much free market as the democrats are antiwar (ie they arent). Capitalism is a corpse the powers that be keep on life support to keep making money, but it is the violent nature of government, not the voluntary nature of the market, that is to blame for the monopolistic, consumer-infuriating, foreigner-murdering mess we currently find ourselves in. 
edit: ohp he deleted the comment :(
@_date: 2014-05-08 01:03:05
The FBI has been exposed to have funded plenty of terrorism. You claim that without 'counter terrorism' we would be getting attacked at home by terrorists. On what empirical basis do you support this claim? On what data can you claim it the case at all that our government has any interest in protecting us? I'm open to it being the case but I've never seen evidence to suggest that it is and in fact it seems to be to be overwhelmingly the exact opposite. But let's even concede that you're entirely correct. We've still spent trillions of dollars fighting a war on terror and after all that Al Qaeda is stronger than ever. We funded and trained Osama Bin Laden himself to use economic warfare to defeat the Soviet empire, and he has now taken what he has learned and turned it on the US, bleeding the US dry causing massive inflation and economic recession. We've killed literally millions of people in Iraq—on pretenses which were 100% falsified—and Afghanistan; by the US's own official number we kill 50 civilians per alleged terrorist. We turned Iraq into wasteland, with millions of people having fled the country, and destroyed the genetic integrity of an entire generation of people in Fallujah due to the use of depleted uranium shells (an area which Al Qaeda just gained control of). We are drone bombing and double tapping civilians in Pakistan and Yemen. We overthrew the democratically elected leader in Iran 50 years ago and installed a puppet government and have been terrorizing the country ever since. We are arming and funding Al Qaeda in Libya and Syria so that they will overthrow leaders whom we cant control. And this is just off the top of the head of some kid with an amateur understanding of the history of American foreign policy in the middle east; i'm sure this isn't even 10% of the publicly available information on the topic, and who knows how much is hidden in the annals of one random file cabinet in one room of one branch of the CIA alone.
 Every civilian mother or father or brother or son we kill or whom we fund the deaths of, we create 'terrorists' out of their family. Remember how infuriated we all were over 9/11? Remember how many otherwise peaceful people we spurred into a violent rage over the blood of the perpetrator of something so heinous? Well that is *every single day* for these people. In my opinion, prevention is better than cure. Instead of letting corrupt bureaucrats and trained killers with no oversight 'protect' us with 'counter terrorism' (when in reality it seems all they do is foil their own terrorist plots to give us the illusion that they are protecting us), maybe we should address the massive war machine that is US 'defense'. Counter terrorism sounds great. Maybe the FBI is doing a little bit of it (though i'd think if they were truly interested they'd actually address the biggest funder and perpetrator of terrorism in the world by far, that being the US govt it self), but to focus on that whilst ignoring the gargantuan elephant drenched in the blood of millions of innocent people is not something i am interested in pursuing. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 22:51:54
I have never not ROFL'd at this video. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 20:23:21
10% of my money was invested in bitcoin, though at it's current price it is about 50% of the money to my name. Note I am a 22 year old college student. 
@_date: 2014-08-13 20:58:46


So... just like today then?
I can provide some material for you to examine which has quenched my concerns about this possibility in a free society, however i think it's important to point out the reality that this is already what is occurring. 
@_date: 2014-06-25 20:25:42
Am I the only one who likes bit more than bits?
@_date: 2014-04-30 11:13:05
Ad Hominem - because disproving logical syllogisms and empirical data is hard. 
@_date: 2014-07-31 04:50:54
I know all this BS with Coinbase is annoying, and while it doesnt mean we should "just deal with it" we should remember this is through no malice on Coinbase's end but simply the overwhelming regulations they must comply with to prevent being shut down. Coinbase isnt trying to fuck you, in fact I find it unlikely that they arent doing everything they can to prevent from fucking you while still being able to remain in business. If you're mad –which you have every right to be–blame the people actually at fault: the government, the regulators, and the morons who refuse to even consider that these regulations are doing anything other than stifling competition, slowing progress, and allowing the people that these regulations were claimed to keep under control (Goldman Sachs, Wall Street, etc) to simply have more power and control. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 05:45:36
Can you explain what part of my post gave the impression that I was saying gox's incompetency was the result of government? That's not what I was intending to say, and that would of course be an insane thing for me to think.
@_date: 2014-04-30 23:01:34


I can't speak for everyone, but I don't think very many anarchists believe bitcoin can abolish the state. It can, however, likely assist in at least reducing the rate at which it is growing until we can figure something else out, and through it being essentially based on the principles of anarchism (as are most things, but that is another topic) can help to break the propaganda that we need the state to control our money, which could then possibly cause people to question really what is the state needed for (however that is purely conjecture so I won't pretend to claim I know anything about how bitcoin will affect change). also it can provide a haven for when the US govt's mathematically inevitable collapse occurs (which will probably be within a decade). 


Really? Are you really going to tell me that illegal wars, inflation, debt slavery (you and I owe, IIRC,  1.4 million dollars of unfunded liabilities), or tens of millions dead over wars that serve only to cause other wars is 'the will of the people'? I know you're smarter than that, so I'm going to assume you're talking about government in the abstract. However, I have seen no empirical example where in the government actually represents the will of the people for any reasonable amount of time. Within a year of the American revolution over a 3% tea tax Washington himself was riding in with armed soldiers to collect a 25% whiskey tax. And it's all gone down hill from there. We can tout all we want the the government—which is nothing more than a body of people who have a monopoly on force—represents the will of the people, and we can also say that unicorns make good pets, chocolate milk cures cancer, or that i am a flamingo, but that doesn't make it true. 


I do not dispute that the state has existed for thousands of years nor that it was born out of imperatives of human nature. But so has rape, murder, gorging on sugar or excessive fats, or not wanting to exercise. The whole point of modern society is to rise about human nature. If you want to use this argument for the state then you must, logically, also argue that the science of nutrition is bunk and that we as men should fuck everything that moves. 


I'm not sure what you're getting at here. I know you don't think any anarachist is dumb enough nor uneducated enough to believe that they are the first to acknowledge that the state is not a valid institution (because if you thought we were that stupid you wouldn't have assumed we were smart enough to understand your argument). Nor do I see why pointing that out has any relevance. If we were talking about those advocating the abolishment of slavery in the 1800's saying 'do you really think you're the first person to want slavery to end?' would not be a compelling response and I don't see how this situation is any different. 


I don't know anything about Chinese history so I'm going to assume your proposition that 'chinese men believed paper bills would free them from the emperor, and it ended up backfiring and enslaving them more' (or at least that seems to be the argument you are making) is valid, but how is this of relevance? Because people believed a change in the financial system could merit them more freedom, and ended up being wrong, that somehow means that any belief in the possibility of a monetary change increasing freedom is forever invalidated? 


And do you think the fact that we spend 14 years being indoctrinated in state schools has any affect on our belief in it's necessity? Or the fact that many children are raised in similar prison-like scenarios in their families with rampant verbal and physical abuse? 
And I don't think very many anarachists, if any at all, would argue that anonymous money would magically end a lifetime of propaganda for most people, and more importantly the OP wasn't even arguing this. All bitcoin potentially does is give people a way to subvert the state, it doesn't end the state. Whether this subversion will start a chain reaction to end the state is unknown, but I don't think anyone is arguing (correct me if I'm wrong) that bitcoin alone will end the state. It is assuredly, at this point, our best bet towards the possibility of a future free society and when we don't have many options you can hardly blame us for being excited about what previously seemed unimaginable. 


If i go around saying that evolution is true or that e=mc^2 does that mean I am preaching? Either it's true or it isn't. If you want to provide a logical argument as to how having your money taken from you—which if you treat in the same way you'd treat any other theft, would get you shot—is in fact not theft then I am all ears. But calling something preaching does not validate nor invalidate it's level or lack of truth. 
And people can believe whatever they want. That also does not change the truth value of something. People can believe that the state works for them, while it pockets 50% of their money to start illegal wars and grant monopolies to corporations and melt their children's brains for 14 years, but that doesn't make it any less the case that the government doesn't give a flying fuck about what the people think.


Again they can expect whatever they want. Doesn't change the fact that all these things mean is selling their children into financial slavery to pay off the debt, or, more realistically, an eventual collapse because the debt literally cannot be paid. Also, lol at 'provide justice for everyone'; when was the last time you used a government court system to your advantage? The court system is pretty much a tool of big business to fuck the person with less money. Public "education"? Do you remember *anything* you learned in school other than basic math? $200,000 ish dollars and tens of thousands of hours for your education (pre-college) and you only remember what you could have learned in a matter of weeks? I can't speak too much about universal healthcare as I have no experience on the matter, however a 'universal framework everyone is subjected to'? Oh really? So all the bankers who stole 40% of America's wealth went to jail and didn't continue running the financial industry? Bush who started an illegal war, instead of getting a library named after him and a speaking tour, was given the death sentence under the Geneva convention? Police who murder people aren't get paid leave and are actually facing trial? This is news to me. The rules are for the slaves, not the masters. 


I don't really dispute this as a possibility, but what's the harm in hoping? I'm sure the odds for every great feat in history—ending of slavery, woman's rights, etc—were all just as improbable. Bitcoin is a pretty powerful thing, and there are a lot of smart people working quite hard to push forward the cause freedom. I plan to pay my taxes, because I don't want to get shot. The cost benefit is not worth it to me. But if others want to take that risk, I have nothing against it. 


This is true...well claiming it's "our idea" as if it's just an opinion is not exactly accurate but yes, you are correct that the state is a fiction of people's minds, it doesn't actually exist. All you have to do is remove whatever is blocking them from acknowledging the invalidity of this illusion, and you are there. Of course, anyone who has debated with a religious person or, well, anyone, knows this is much easier said than done. 


I assume you're making a derisive straw man of the DRO idea, and you could be very well correct but I am out of characters so I won't go into it; if nothing have said thus far has caused any reconsideration then there is no point in frivolously continuing anyway. 
@_date: 2014-03-28 23:47:42
Find me one petition that caused the govt to do something against its own best interest and i will gladly start supporting petitions again. *If* the tax code is going to change its not going to be because of anything tax payers say or do it will be because it will be profitable to those writing the laws. And why would it be any other way? They already have our money, and if we dont want to pay it they will throw us in jail and if we refuse to do that they will shoot us. They have absolutely zero incentive to keep us happy or give us what we want and in fact every reason to exploit us (because they have all the power). 
@_date: 2014-04-14 10:40:05
voluntary regulation=/=regulation through coercion (government). All free markets can, need to be, and will always be 'regulated'. The issue is whether its done by the government or done through voluntary means. 
While i dont disagree that the moderation tends to be pretty poor, and that the centralization of power on reddit is detrimental, equating voluntary regulation of reddit with government regulation is a false premise and does not really lend much credence toward or against free market principles. 
Sure it shows evidence that power breeds corruption but no one disputes that. People who have a problem with free markets believe that they will create more power in the hands of the wealthy, screwing the unwealthy even more. of course empirically the case is the opposite, but you're not going to prove that by claiming reddit=fascism. 
@_date: 2014-07-31 19:52:55
or instead
@_date: 2014-03-01 01:33:24
Why is whether you paid it in tax dollars or in your after tax dollars relevant? Billions of dollars were still lost in a regulated environment. Sure too-big-to-fail banks can run on bailouts and new bills to prevent complete collapse, but history has shown that the same problems will just occur again and again and again. On the other hand, in the bitcoin market or any unregulated market something like this is drastically reduced from ever happening again because the consequences are felt in the moment, instead of kicking the can down the road for decades upon decades while it snowballs into something with the potential to destroy the entire world's economy. The crisis in 2008 was just a small little blow-off of what would have happened had the consequences which have been piling up for century been allowed to run their course. Of course, inflation and wars and whatever else can't push back the consequences too much longer before we will really start feeling them. When we feel the consequences of a 16 trillion dollar, ever increasing, national debt people will be clamoring of something as insignificant as the money lost to gox. 
I realize my rant is not exactly relevant but i figured since i already wrote it i might as well submit it. 
Edit: sp
@_date: 2014-05-02 21:58:20


well i'd start by not putting them in charge of massive armies...
@_date: 2014-06-24 08:06:24
That's all well and good. You implicit statement that I am an simplton  who takes the whims of some random guy on the internet and restates them as fact was especially enjoyable to me. All the sources for the video are in the description for your examiniation, however I think I can make a pretty compelling case in a sentence or two: 
Let's go with the low-ball number on US unfunded liabilities of [$127 trillion]( (though other estimates suggest up to [$205 trillion]( That is still over $800,00 for every [working American](  to pay off to even out the budget. We, as a nation, are currently fighting over how to limit the yearly *increase* in Federal spending, let alone balancing it, let alone reducing it to the staggering degree that would be needed to compensate for the overwhelming over-spending of the previous century. With 100 trillion dollars, more than 5 times that of the entire US GDP, invested in keeping the system going in it's current fashion--whether that be corporate welfare, poor-people welfare, military industrial complex, public unions, trillions of dollars which rely on not only the maintaince of the current size of the government, but it's expansion-- in what possible way can you phathom that the overwhelming majority of the US economy would 'shoot itself in the foot' and say 'oh well, if we keep going at the current rate, the debt will just go up and up and up until it is being completely unstable and crashes and we will be fucked so we should all find new jobs and new ways of making money'? The banks aren't gonna stop. The politicians aren't going to stop. The unions aren't going to stop. The military sure as hell isn't going to stop. Most of the US economy relies on pumping this dead corpse with blood, putting make up on it, and waving it around on the TV yelling "Look at me I'm all better now we injected 700 billion piece of paper into me!" Again, maybe you are much smarter than those who are pointing this stuff out, but I, and they, sure as hell cannot figure out how to turn this boat around, and the rest of the economically literate are just pretending like it doesn't exist.
I understand this sounds pretty loony, as it's almost never talked about by the media or academics or politics or most economists--though it should be mentioned, all of these people are *severely* invested in the current system and thus have every reason to attempt to maintain it--but having been looking into this stuff for a few years now I cannot see anything other than cold hard facts. Of course, if it doesn't happen--I don't see how it couldn't, but maybe something like bitcoin could kick the can down the road with massive economic stimulation just like the internet did--I'd be happy for you to come back and rub it in my face. Unfortunately if the facts presented are in fact legitimate, rubbing it in your face will be quite low on my priority list. 
But I digress. We can hardly have a productive debate if you think I'm a conspiracy idiot loony extremist who cannot think; I made the best case I could concieve of in the short time that I felt was worth spending on this topic and either you believe it in worth further exploration, in which case you do not need me here, or it is not, in which case continuing this would not be an effective use of either of our time. With that said,  I say good day to you sir.
@_date: 2014-04-26 21:33:56


From the guy who claims more knowledge than decades of scientific research....
edit: referring to scientific literature on the detrimental effects of spanking children
@_date: 2015-07-21 06:01:49
The best privacy tools website out there. Recommend by a few security professionals. I personally use NoScript, UBlock Origin, and Disconnect. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:58:45
That was my point; *If* he did know/was apart of it, what he did was a very good way of subtly and anonymously saying that he knew/was part of it. 
@_date: 2013-11-08 22:30:58
23, one of them crazy libertarian looneys. Philosophy major, psychology minor. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:08:48
My apologies; only skimmed OP.
@_date: 2013-04-05 01:04:21
Ah, I see. This makes more sense. Yes, I have yet to use Bitcoins as anything more than an investment, however I purchased for the first time only a few weeks ago, so I have yet to actually buy anything using my coins. Thanks for the clarification.
@_date: 2013-12-10 11:14:04
Oh. Bummer :(
@_date: 2013-04-08 10:51:07
Buy as much as you're willing to lose. If that's a few BTC, then have at it. Even 1 BTC, currently worth ~180 USD is very likely to be worth a few hundred more and maybe even a thousand in the coming months. All of those heavily educated on bitcoin strongly back it, and through my own research I have come to see BTC as a formidable opponent to central-bank-issued currencies. I can tell you: If you've got a couple hundred bucks to spare, or even $20, you'll be glad you put it in bit coin. But of course, don't take my word for it, research for yourself. Just know that the longer you put it off, the more you will have to spend to get your hand in the market (and the more money you will be missing out on). 
@_date: 2013-12-09 07:34:42
Well we will just have to love twice as hard now won't we? :)
@_date: 2013-04-10 22:58:46
1. I never meant there wouldn't be 'correction's (even though this is hardly an actual 'correction;, and more a result of a lack of infrastructure/bitcoin still being in it's infancy). And It's been what, 2 days? I was talking about over the course of months. Come back in 6 months and then you will have *actually* 'proven me wrong'.
2. I said 'at least' for a few months , as opposed  of 'indefinitely' for a key reason: I am *thoroughly* convinced that the banksters are devoting *serious* resources to ensuring the failure of bitcoin. Even the purported 'free speech' forums are getting censored and shilled up the wazzo about bitcoin. They are seriously threatened, and they will absolutely do *everything* in their power to stop the rise of decentralized currency. and I mean *anything*. Honestly, the more I learn, the more I think the primary intention for development CISPA, PIPA, and SOPA was to stop cryptocurrency. And the chances that they will succeed eventually are more than worrisome, i'd put them bordering inevitable. But obviously I haven't completely given up hope or I wouldn't be hear. 
 
3. if you read my further comments with teh_i, you would know that I never said to invest more than you're willing to lose. Especially if you're in it for the gains, and not because you have faith in the tech, where you're going to sell at the slightest sign of instability. There is little doubt in my mind that 'panic selling' had a huge part in this price drop. 
4. I will be buying coins with all the money I can spare to lose because I have enough education to know that cryptocurrency is very likely the last chance our civilization has for a world not enslaved by central banking, poverty, and war, and that supporting this currency is the least I can do. At absolute worst, I lose a couple thousand dollars I didn't need anyway, at slightly better, I make a couple thousand dollars, at best, I played a part in literally saving the world. And I recommend everyone else educate themselves on bitcoin, become confidient in it, and  take those odds on as well. 
Now, I'm not usually one to 'life check' but I really feel, for your own sake and those close to you, that It is important I at least instigate this, on the chance that my assessment is not wildly inaccurate: Are you really the kind of person who needs to rub it in someone's face to know that you're right? What if you were right, what if I *am* an idiot? Are you really so desperate for validation that you had to come back and go 'ha! see I told you!; that you need to put down others to feel better about yourself? I couldn't care less what your opinion is of me or the way you act towards me personally, but, assuming my assessment has even a shred of validity, I honestly feel sorry for those close to you, and I recommend you take the time to reevaluate some things (not be facetious). I apologize in advance if your question was actually an honest inquiry, as opposed to attempt at a kick in the nuts into what you believe to be your slain opponent, however the latter has a far higher probability. 
edit: spelling
@_date: 2013-04-12 09:00:39
How ever will you survive if your baby is crying and breaking shit all the time? They grow up. BTC is still an embryo. Give it time to stabilize; whether that be at $ $10,000+ USD or 0, only time will tell. you can barely even *use* BTC to buy anything yet because no one accepts it yet; this has nothing to do with the volatility, and everything to do with the fact that no one knows about it yet on top of our lack of infrastructure at this point.
You are probably the only person you know who has even looked into bitcoin. BTC doesn't even make up 0.001% of the financial world; to say that BTC is a flop at this point is like saying that a human is so  retarded that they laugh at jingling keys and cry at a gust of wind and are incapable of forming sentences based on what on what they did while they were an infant. 
Not to mention the volatility of *Every* currency; we just don't notice it because we don't look at the exchange rates. If the majority of the world adopted BTC, it's conversion into USD wouldn't matter, just like how you wouldn't freak out about a candy bar that sells for $1 costing 20 EUR one day and 1 EUR the next. 
Yes, BTC has many hurdles, and stability is one, but the market volatility will slowly settle over time. The effect of new comers won't be crashing exchanges, nor will a single exchange  take up 80% of the trades, etc etc. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 18:12:57
contact if you haven't already. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:50:02
I was not saying you had anything to do with it, nor did that even cross my mind. Just thought that *maybe* he tipped that comment for a reason. 
edit: realized that I worded the sentence confusingly which gave the impression I was purporting that you were the subject of the thread, when I was referring to bitcoinbillionaire.
@_date: 2013-12-06 07:30:15
The president represents the state like a hood ornament represents a car.
@_date: 2013-11-07 07:58:02
Well its kind of hard to label something as functioning when i dont know what your definition of functioning is.
Also im really having understanding why are attributing even the phrases 'examples of success' or 'functioning' to a term like the free market. Maybe you could elaborate on what your definition of the 'free market' is? Cause it feels like were talking apples vs oranges–or more accurately probably, apples vs time or apples vs consciousness (ie wildly different things)–here. 
  
 But, regardless, the reason i ask is because the free market–or at least whats left of it– exists all around you. The device you are communicating with me on is a result of the free market (computers/software being the least regulated industry right now), the car you drive, the house you live in, your job, reddit, and most importantly, and the reason i even started this conversation, bitcoin itself. Bitcoin is the epitome of a truly free market–or at least as free as is possible with governments still existing. No government intervention or regulation. And this is what seems to me a contradiction in your opinion of the free market. If you get the government involved in controlling and regulating bitcoin, its toast. And the only reason it wouldnt become toast is because there are other governments which will not interfere. If every government interfered in bitcoin, it would become worthless and useless. the most fundamental way in which governments subvert the free market is via a monopoly on the money supply and you–by owning, supporting, and potentially using bitcoin– are at the fore front of the biggest opening in the freemarket in the last century (probably 2 centuries). This is where my confusion arises. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 07:48:22
Maybe adding a notification on the submit post page that says something along the lines of "before posting please review the side bar" would help those who are new to bitcoin (and reddit). Having a better FAQ is still necessary of course. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 11:22:56
Wait.........people having different opinions in this sub?
but.. but where will I go to circle jerk now :(
@_date: 2013-04-08 10:22:31
I recommend you reconsider; I am convinced that the price will continue skyrocketing at least for a few months. If you want to get in, now is the time. 
 
edit: lol geez guys, please look further into my conversation with teh_i, I assure you I did not encourage him to do anything irresponsible. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 05:44:35
If I was satoshi, I would have sent bitcoins to Bernanke. 
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:59:14
@_date: 2013-04-03 06:09:30
Well I don't know enough about BTC to know what could cause collapse/how sturdy the market is, so I will take your word for it. However from the news I've seen BTC is the new alternative to gold and silver, but, unlike any other, is the only major currency not controlled by a central bank (Most Banks have huge gold deposits, giving them essentially a monopoly on the gold market as much as they have on the money market), making it essentially the go to currency (or at least one of the top contenders) for anyone who is concerned, IMO rightfully, about the world economy. Of course, I am not recommending people invest their life savings into BTC, but from the research I've done, especially hearing about the looting of people's checking accounts by the banks in Cyprus for the 'bail out', It's arguable that BTC are as safe as money in your bank account. 
And even if you buy only a few BTC's, and sell in a week or a month, at the current rate since I've been looking at prices (price has doubled in the past 2 weeks), you can make some serious cash which you can then either put back in your bank account, spend on shit you need/want, save as cash, or invest precious metals etc. Either way, I strongly recommend anyone whose on the fence about getting some bit coins, and has some extra cash, to do so. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 09:05:27
I think such volatility can only help bitcoin. The last thing we want right now is idiots thinking bitcoin is a get rich scheme, both for their financial safety and the future of bitcoin. We need slow growth so that infrastructure and problems can be prepared for and dealt with accordingly without major crises before it is 'unveiled to the masses'. Of course, we can't control that, but it is ideal.
@_date: 2013-12-23 00:56:51
Can't tell if you're trying to be a jerk or be helpful, but no I have not seen that one either. thanks. 
@_date: 2013-05-04 00:07:20
I may be misunderstanding the viewpoint by the community here, but when i would hear "banks are scared of bitcoin" i interpreted it not as the small private banks who deal with peoples money, and not necessarily even the largest banks, i interpreted it as the central banks, the ones who literally *make* the money the and have immense power as a result of this, to be afraid of it. Am i the only one who thought this way?
@_date: 2013-04-11 10:43:32
You shouldn't be withdrawing to fiat during a price drop, you should be buying.... 
Withdrawing during a price drop at this point in BTC's lifespan is like giving a baby up for adoption because it is teething. Bitcoin *will* go through some serious price fluxes in the coming months, and if that concerns you, well you shouldn't be investing more than you are willing to lose. Barring a successful government/banking shutdown of btc (I have no idea *how* they'd do it, but I guarantee you they've already spent billions into figuring out how), bitcoin is almost guaranteed to be unstoppable. 
we have poor infrastructure, due to the fact that cryptocurrency is a not only in it's infancy but something never even been thought of before, but BTC itself is solid. Even if Mt Gox and every other trading engine went under and everyone who currently owns bitcoins sold them, BTC could still easily be worth 10,000 USD each in a year. We haven't even tapped 0.0001% (random number, but I guarantee it's infinitesimally small) of the financial trade of the world. BTC is not a get rich quick scheme, it is something that has the potential to do 100x more for the world than the invention of the internet. Even if you want to speculate, doing so over a few days, or even weeks,  is not the way to do it; give it a few months, years even; do *not* sell in a crash; invest only as much as you're willing to lose; and keep up with the news. Good luck. 
@_date: 2013-04-19 03:12:09
[Here]( is just a simple little explanation in response to a thread I made the other day asking the same thing. However I am sure it goes much deeper than that, and I am hardly versed on CISPA or Bitcoin enough to give you a fully elaborated response.  I'm sure there are people in this sub reddit who could give you a more thorough answer though. Sorry :/ 
@_date: 2013-04-15 09:04:00
For most of us who dislike the fed, inflation is one of the lesser concerns. I, and I think many agree, have a problem with the fact that our country is in perpetual debt to the central banks, who print money out of thin air, and that our currency *is* debt; if the US paid the debt off, there would be no money in circulation. And then that some ridiculous % (I haven't looked it up in a while but I recall it being appalling) gets taken from our tax dollars simply to pay off this debt. Yeah, inflation sucks, but it is by *no means* the only reason, nor even the primary reason, why people have a problem with central banks. 
Note: Not saying you or he is wrong, just saying that he is ill informed if he believes the reason people dislike the fed or the reason that people like bitcoin is simply regarding how they handle inflation.
edit: spelling
@_date: 2013-12-06 08:05:36
[Fuck this reddit!](
@_date: 2013-04-12 06:05:12
I was referring to your statement of 'trust me'; that I will come to my own conclusions regarding how true the conspiracy stuff is. 
And could you elaborate on why you say 'the system is ingenious'? 
Also, if you have the time, I would love to hear your story about how you started out as a 'conspiracy guy' but then formed a different viewpoint.
@_date: 2013-12-10 04:16:07
I have yet to use it. I've got $20 sitting in the wallet if I do ever have a reason to transfer though. I don't see any reason, for me anyway, to have to send from or to multiple addresses over my pone, however the transaction fees you talk about peak my concern. Would you mind elaborating on your experience with the app?
@_date: 2013-04-17 08:50:08
Eh, I think he/she/they learned from Wikileaks and others who have gotten fucked for doing things that pisses off 'the system', knowing that if they want to live their lives, they should remain anonymous forever. I could be wrong, but for someone/a team so damn smart, I would think they would have realized this. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 06:40:04
What is your definition of success? 
Edit: yes, "the state" = any institution with a monopoly of the use of force. 
@_date: 2013-11-21 00:10:35
How do you know
@_date: 2013-04-12 08:45:54
Why don't you think bitcoin will succeed? The only way I see it not succeeding is either a) someone hacking the block chain (even though it's been available to the worlds top hackers for 4 years now) or b) the government *somehow* figuring out how to crash it; whether than be through a CISPA-esque bill, permanent DDOS's of every exchange, or tracking to the level of imprisoning anyone who even goes on a bitcoin exchange, or a combination or something else.
I am certain the bankers and friends are working around the clock and spending billions upon billions to figure out how to stop BTC (probably have been for years) if they haven't figured out and began implementing that attack already (it is surely something that will take years to do), however that or some hacking miracle are the only things that seem to be even plausably a serious threat to bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-05-19 03:34:38
Reading that increased my doubts of him being Satoshi.
@_date: 2013-04-11 10:55:34
I am pretty sure you're joking, but many people truly believe that if Mt Gox fails BTC fails, which is not the case at all. Could mt gox screw a lot of people in the next month, or even few months? Yes of course, but people shouldn't be investing what they can't afford to lose. And trading platforms are *not* bitcoin; yes we have an issue with trading infrastructure right now, but there has yet to be a major flaw found in bitcoin itself (that I know of at least). Mt Gox and every other trader could crash and burn next month, and in 6 months BTC's could be worth 10,000 USD. 
@_date: 2013-04-26 07:23:50
If youre not spending your btc, you should AT LEAST have them on a desktop client, as opposed to an online, and if you have more than a few you should definitely consider cold storage. Just be glad it was only 1 btc and not your life savings. 
@_date: 2013-12-12 22:36:17
Blockchain app still exists (I don't think it's in the app store) but it isn't very good. non-customizable transaction fees, and it seems like it does not keep on current price of bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-04-15 00:27:08
I have noticed there is mysterious money missing when i use bitinstant. I put in 287 the other day (plus 3.95 for zip zap transaction fee) and it was supposed to be ~279 into my account but i ended getting ~275. I have used bit instant 3 or 4 times and noticed mysterious money missing everytime. However i never cared to complain or report. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 01:56:05
If it was the fed or anyone who is seriously threatenend by BTC i think they would have done something much more effective. However, the fact that even the 'free thinking' forums censor and shun btc leads me to believe they ARE seriously threatened. 
@_date: 2013-11-11 03:35:47
I could have just misread it, but I'm pretty sure his original comment did not have the less than sign before the $300, hence the downvotes. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 04:19:02
I haven't looked into it much (as I have an iphone), but I think you can run ubuntu on an android phone. might be worth checking out. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 05:58:05
We don't pick sides around these here parts. 
*It's not red vs blue, it's the state vs you*
@_date: 2013-12-04 12:10:00
I do 95% of my shopping at Tj's. This would be AMAZING. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 05:25:44
I bought in at around $150, and freaked out a little when it when up to $250 then crashed to $50, but this time around I didn't even flinch. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 18:13:52
contact if you haven't already. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 05:54:52
So your argument is that because every free market to ever emerg has been slowly strangled and stamped out by the state is proof that we need a state–or more specifically taxation–for society to function? 
Btw i didnt downvote you. I am just trying to understand your position. 
Edit: sp
@_date: 2013-12-09 00:32:21
Whose to say people aren't saving our bitcoins hoping they increase in value to *then* spend them later? 
also, Spending bitcoins now won't give bitcoin a better future, it will only inflate the price right now. Even if there is something I want to buy, is it worth 'risking' those coins being worth $10,000K or $100,000K? Is it really worth $100,000K to try to make bitcoin adoption come a few seconds, days, or even months before than it would have? If the protocol is sound, bitcoin will grow. If the protocol isn't sound, then it doesn't matter how much you use bitcoins, they won't change anything. 
Bitcoin will either get widespread adoption or it will flop. If you have no desire to spend your bitcoins, you're not doing anything to effect which outcome will end up occurring.
just my 2 cents. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 09:09:48
Im sorry but it was terribly irresponsible to buy 46 bit coins before educating yourself enough to know that you will regret panic selling. Im sorry for your loss but you really could have prevented it had you taken even a few precautionary measures ( ex taking the time to educate yourself on how bitcoin works and why only a catastrophe, such as somehow breaking/hacking the currency,  would be the only thing to crash it for good; taking the time to educate yourself on *where* bitcoin is in it's life cycle--most of us are the only people we know who own bitcoins, even if every trading platform went down and everyone owning bitcoins left, the economy could be 100 x the size in 6 months; not investing more than you are willing to lose; learning enough to understand that just because our current infrastructure sucks doesnt mean btc sucks; etc etc). For the sake of your wallet, family, mind, and the credibility of btc in the media, please take these recommendations into consideration. Best of luck. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 05:34:52
If I wouldn't have spent it as dollars, I'm not going to spend it as BTC. As a poor college student, my holdings in bitcoin could change my future drastically. I'm not going to risk that to make BTC get adopted 1/10th of a second before it would have anyway. If bitcoin is sound—which I believe it is—it will grow without us artificially pumping the economy with transactions; if bitcoin isn't sound, then it doesn't really matter what we do. If you have money to spend, go for it, but I am holding. 
my 2 cents.
@_date: 2013-11-20 23:07:31
@_date: 2013-12-12 22:48:21
check out [coinpunk](
I've yet to use it but I hears it's great and is like a native app but through your web browser.
@_date: 2013-04-19 02:23:11
How could they use it against bitcoin? 
@_date: 2013-12-29 10:55:51
Just curious: why couldn't schools, roads, garbage, etc be funded voluntarily?
@_date: 2013-11-21 01:27:34
How did you get to this higher plane?
@_date: 2013-04-15 04:55:09
I just tried going through my transaction history but am having trouble connecting bitinstant orders to the amounts received; it seems there is at least 1 order which I cannot find in my browser history, and due to being new to bitcoin I migrated through 3 different wallets (2 local wallets and 1 online wallet) over the course of my orders, making it even more difficult to connect what transactions are what. Also, I don't have the conversions available at the time, so even if I did have everything in order,  I don't know how I could prove that the amount was different. Don't worry though, I still hold bitinstant in high regard and was never anything more than a little confused at the seemingly unaccounted-for few dollars that went missing. Next time I purchase through bit instant though, I will pay closer attention and let you know if I experience any problems. 
I know you guys are working hard, along with the guys at Mt Gox and everyone else getting shit for being 'incompetent' even though you guys are pioneering brand new platforms in an exponentially growing community. Just wanted you guys to know that I appreciate what you're doing for bitcoin and how hard you guys are working. Thanks for being awesome.
@_date: 2013-04-11 10:51:59
Do not take our advice for it; educate yourself: learn how bitcoin works and *why* it could change the world 100x more and 100x faster than the internet; read as many news pieces as you can, make sure that if you're reading MSM articles to also read articles from those who support bitcoin (as the overwhelming majority of MSM writers have no idea what they're talking about); learn about encryption, what client to use, how to keep your BTC safe, etc etc—there have been more than a few hacks, and a more are bound to come. 
Bitcoin is new and potentially revolutionary. It is teething right now, and you could lose a lot of money if you don't educate yourself and invest wisely. You could also make a lot of money too.
@_date: 2013-04-10 22:16:13
Info Wars is very likely controlled opposition. The chief editor (or someone high up) used to work for Stratfor. Jones acts like a lunatic yet releases good information most of the time; brings up the Illuminati/NWO/etc even when it's completely unnecessary to the argument; does absolutely nothing to censor him self for the sake of his argument. I think this article is one more example of that. When even the controlled opposition is being censored, there's a good chance the banksters are *actually* scared of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 06:10:53
Yes, the big guys can sucker punch the market right now but the fact that BTC experienced the biggest crash in history yet was only set back three days in price during a period of infancy so early on that you are probably the only person you know who even owns coins, should be a serious testament to potential of bitcoin. from my studys so far, the market itself seems indestructible; barring a major intervention, bitcoin *will* succeed eventually, even if it crashing a few times, 10 times as hard as this one. Trying to predict whether BTC will make it, based on the 2 crashes and current infrastructure is kind of like trying to say whether a child will grow up to be a respectable adult based based or whether he will be able to walk based on the 2 times he fell over, except it's even *more* unknown because this kind of child has never existed before in history. it doesn't matter how many new speculators we get, there will be just as many if not more who *use* the currency and understand it's value as more than an investment for fiat gains. The *only* way to stop bitcoin is a *serious hacking* or shutting down of the curency, if it's possible at all, done by the powers that be who stand to lose *everything* (not just money; also the control of the world and the enslavement of the world), the bankers/governments. Honestly, I think the designers CISPA, PIPA, and SOPA could care less about information dispersion; the militaries of the world could suppress  even the most informed public if need be. After spending years studying the 'elite' and how they influence global economics, politics, and war, I find cryptocurrency to be the only thing which actually has the potential to change the world in the way that most people wish for; the fact that 50% of the world lives on less than $2 a day is *not* something inherent to shit, or something which 'we are working on', it is an engineered paradigm by those who stand to gain the most from it. 
sorry for the rant, I was just thinking 'out loud' (er... you know what I mean). Thanks for giving me this opportunity to organize my thoughts a little on this matter.  Lol
@_date: 2013-07-03 08:39:36
do not go all in......
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:25:59
@_date: 2013-04-17 08:39:25


fully agree. Definitely the best examination of the crash I've seen so far.


Ehh I don't know about that one. It does give hope that bitcoin isn't fucked, and that even the MSM isn't *completely* bashing it, and that there is a good chance the BTC economy will recover and boom, however whether that will be tomorrow or in 2 months, I honestly don't think we can even make an educated guess. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 07:43:31
In other words, nothing at all. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 06:34:17
I I thoroughly enjoyed to debate. Nice to see someone who refuses to let Schiff interject and derail a point, allowing for an actually nice conversation unlike is often the case when debating Schiff (dont get me wrong, I love the guy but he pretty hard to debate with). He did make some decent points, and it did move me down a notch or two in my certainty of bitcoin's potential. I would say he definitely provides the necessary skepticism to prevent people from throwing their life savings into it and I appreciate his pov, But I think he definitely underestimates it's potential and I can't help but see logical inconsistencies in his argument. Being the devil's advocate is great and important, but it just seems like he is not universally applying his logic. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:29:13
Thank you! This is such a refreshing viewpoint. A post like this has been floating around my brain for the last 24 hours, however I definitely could not have put it as elegantly as you. People are panic selling because of our trading platforms, as if Mt Gox somehow *is* bitcoin. Yes, Mt Gox is the primary trading platform, and it's success is directly tied to how much BTC's are currently (**currently**!) worth, but Mt gox, hell every current BTC trading platform, could crash forever and every person owning bitcoins currently could sell them off and the price of BTC's could *still* easily be $10,000 USD each in a year. 
If you are in this for a quick buck, yeah you should be worried, and if you invested more than you can afford to lose, you should be really worried (and honestly, for the sake of yourself, your mind, your family, your wallet, and the future of bitcoin, I recommend you don't even participate in bitcoin).If you are here solely for the fiat gains, you have a good chance of getting screwed, and taking the *current* bitcoin market with you. Granted, anyone whose *only* in it for the money doesn't care what damage they cause as long as they get their cash, so my statements are essentially rendered moot. But I digress. 
If you actually *believe* in bit coin, and *understand* that it could change the world 100 times more than the internet, 100 times faster, then you should be invested in it and just ignore all the panic (as most are doing). Or even if you don't care about the potentially monetary revolution for the sake the human race, you should at least understand that for the sake of you and your wallet that your gains are going to be *long term*.
And Of course there are those of us who believe in bit coin, and also are hoping to make some money off of it too(for those of us who invested recently, if bitcoin is makes us serious gains we most likely won't even have to ever convert it to fiat).
@_date: 2013-04-12 20:31:20
Mine as well. I think we just have at least 3 different kinds of people on the forum that leads to hypocrisy amongst the hivemind (but actually no hypocrisy or amongst users). 1a. Dumb speculator - got in because he thought he could make a quick buck. didn't educate himself on bitcoin. put in more than he could lose; selling/freaking out 1b. Smart speculator; holding because he knows gains will be long term. 2. Someone who has faith in BTC but isn't going to transact right now because of the possible gains; holding 3. someone who trusts bit coin and couldn't car less the money; holding and using. 
@_date: 2013-04-08 11:50:24
Please read further into my conversation with teh_i, I assure you that I did not encourage him to do anything irresponsible. And I don't claim to know the future, however I am aware of how viable bitcoin is a new currency, how it has the potential to be as revolutionary as the internet, and how we are only in the budding stages of the use, and news of the currency. And even in my assurance I never would tell anyone to invest more than their willing to lose, and I never tell anyone to take my word for it that bitcoin is a serious investment opportunity and a serious contender to central-bank-issued currencies. If they don't do enough research to be confident in the market, they may pull out at a loss at any sign of instability. 
@_date: 2013-04-14 08:51:32
You can be sure theyre not going down without a fight though
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:29:39
Where's bit instant and coin base? Those are the two I use. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 20:06:00
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:24:15


Did you cash out? If not then you didn't lose anything. If you did, then I honestly hope (not being facetious) you learned your lesson. 


this is only the case because bitcoin is new. the price will stabilize once it finds it's place in the market. 


the instability is the result of our unstable trading platforms and stupid people investing more than they can bare to lose without taking the time to understanding bitcoin before doing so. The *real* speculators held, and even bought as a result of the crash. Speculation is not the problem; big money is not the problem. It's the little guy who thinks 'this is my big break' without even spending a few hours to understand how bitcoin works or where it is in it's development and putting his entire savings into BTC that is the problem. And the more times it crashes the more dumbasses will either learn or get out of the market. Honestly, I am glad that the media is trash talking BTC, because it keeps the 'sheep' out of it while the smart people can get the infrastructure and stability going, so that once the stupid people do get involved they won't have too much of a negative effect on the market in the event of something going wrong. Right now, all the media attention has got too many people interested and investing in BTC when they have no idea what they are doing; acting first, thinking later (after they pull out in a crash and lose their savings).


Most won't. But we can't say we didn't try to help them. And, some will start to wake up before they get hurt; so it's better than not saying anything at all 
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:09:26
Right. And as soon as the price stabilizes—which will happen when all the people who believe in bitcoin's tech become informed about it and when all the infrastructure is in place to allow trade for that many people—it will no longer be an investment and speculators will no longer exist because there is no longer a profit opportunity. We are only experiencing bubbles and speculators because the market is new, and because people see the inherent value of bitcoin as a currency, therefore people want in on it which then drives up the price which then brings along parasites who want to make a quick buck from the price increases. The price of bitcoin, disregarding trade engine catastrophes and speculators, directly proportional to how many people have faith in it as a currency. However, even with the speculators, I'd be surprised if prices didn't start rising drastically again as soon as the exchanges were back online. The educated speculators have studied the market and know that gains will happen over the course of months and/or years. The people who sold in the past 48 hours were the liabilities; the people who are crash-inducers. Bitcoin is not a childs toy or a get rich quick scheme, you need to be educated and perpetually informed on it if you're going to invest a decent portion of your money into it. For the idiots who didn't research bitcoin or educate themselves on where it is in it's life span, how threatening it is the most powerful institutions in the world, etc etc and sold at a loss, I'm sorry but good riddance. These people should stick to fiat where their government will 'protect' them; if you want freedom you need to educate yourself and be informed enough to take care of yourself. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 09:50:30
get your wallets out boys. Time to stock up. 
@_date: 2013-11-28 08:30:50
No objections here my friend, just thought id add one more nail to his argument's coffin.
Edit: derp. Spelling. 
@_date: 2013-04-08 11:44:15
I use coinbase, however they are 'maxxed out' most of the time (they only sell a certain number of coins in a 24 period). I also use bitinstant, which will give me a voucher which I then pay for at a store, which then converts that cash into bitcoins. I'm sure that every area is different, so see if bitinstant can be used for where you live (cash only I think). However, while I am confident in bitcoin, you should do enough research to be confident in bitcoin as well before investing; don't just take my word for it. It's very possible, that bitcoin may see a big drop, in the short term, but huge gains in the long term. And it's possible that bitcoin goes to shit and flops. If you don't trust the market, you may pull out at a loss when prices are long, and the be bummed later when you could have seen a lot of gains once they go back up. Start with links in the side bar, along with maybe spending some time checking out articles in the thread, learning how bitcoin works, etc. Good luck!
@_date: 2013-12-15 17:23:21
Hey, if we ever make it to a free society where we don't point guns at people to get things done, the socialists/communists can do whatever they want.
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:50:02
I have a bitinstant voucher that I have yet to cash; should I do it now or wait til the lag subsides? (note: not neccesarily going to take your advice, just want to see what people think)
@_date: 2013-11-28 07:52:12
Also all those things he listed could he paid for voluntarily. 
@_date: 2013-04-18 00:09:03
Well yeah that's more of what I meant. I know bitcoin itself is unaffected but I meant what does it mean for the bitcoin economy. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 20:41:27
Bought it (well hadn't paid for it yet) a few days ago using bit instant. Did another order for a larger amount and was just going to let that order fizzle out, but after today im glad i saved it since i cant find anywhere that will sell coins right now. Just paid it so hopefully i dont get screwed out of my money haha
@_date: 2013-12-10 05:45:22
Wow, the interviewer seemed pretty hyped about bitcoin. I was expecting her to trash talk it and RP. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 10:24:29
Right. And the only way it will be more than speculative is through better infrastructure and merchant adoption, something that will happen slower if the price continues to be volatile. Of course most of the volatility is due to media exposure but that is because people are getting in for the price not for the fundamentals. Again thats not to say dont use BTC as a currency, but IMO pumping up the price by 'tricking' the market with purchases youre only making because its in BTC will only slow adoption. 
@_date: 2013-12-01 06:44:21
Its worth the watch and way too dense to summarize. 
@_date: 2013-11-11 02:07:39
Just curious: how long have you been into bitcoin? 
@_date: 2013-10-08 05:32:45


Awesome! So I wont be thrown in jail for not paying my taxes?
@_date: 2013-04-05 00:09:29
I am new to bitcoin but use Coinbase for buying and selling,  along with bitcoin qt as my wallet for storage, and am very pleased. Have not heard the name thrown around at all in this sub reddit so I figured i'd give my input. 
@_date: 2013-04-03 00:50:39
The price will go up. The price will continue to go up. The entire world economy is really shakey, and Europe is getting screwed right now. A collapse in the US equivalent to 2008 is literally inevitable within the next few years. Of course, don't put your life saving in it, but I personally am investing my savings (I'm on 22 so I don't have too much) in silver and bought 3 bitcons last week (at $60 a piece; already doubled my money). At the current rate, even if you just buy half a coin, keep it in your 'wallet' for a few weeks (making you free money out of thin air) then buy an amazon gift card with it. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:50:05
Bitcoin is not a stock. It is a currency. Yes, it will either change the world, or be destroyed by those or who are threatened by it, but it is no where *near* that tipping point. These are growing pains. The baby is teething. And regardless, this crash set bitcoin back what, a week? How many stocks, companies, etc would call something that set them back a week a crash? I guarantee it wouldn't even get mentioned. 
Not to mention, Every stock, company, whatever that's *ever* been compared to bitcoin was all over the news, and widely speculated on. Bitcoin is an underground market currently. For the overwhelming majority of us, we are the only person we know who've even heard of bitcoin, and I've seen posts by at least 10-20 people in in the last 2 weeks (since i started learning about BTC) who are in finance/trading saying the same thing. 
No, I am not saying anyone should invest more into bitcoin than they are willing to lose, nor am I saying with certainty that it is indestructible, nor am I saying that it won't be volatile in the coming months (it absolutely will be), but comparing bitcoin to current markets is like comparing the first signs of life to rocks.
The problem is that we have under-educated speculators looking to make a quick buck, and an exponential increase in interest that our infrastructure can't handle. The infrastructure will get better and more stable, those who sold in a crash shouldn't have been here in the first place, and if they come back they probably learned for their mistakes. 
@_date: 2013-04-03 09:03:44


I've spent essentially no time on this sub reddit (this is the first time I've ever replied to anything on here and the time i've spent talking to you is probably equivalent to the cumulative time I had spent browsing this subreddit beforehand), so my beliefs have been in no way influenced by the posts/people of this subreddit. I don't claim to know whether your statement is true (i'm sure it is at least fairly true), however I don't really think r/bitcoin has too much influence on the market price, compared to say, a MSM news article. 


I know. I wasn't claiming that Cyprus was causing the massive price jumps, however I do think Cyprus did add at least some fuel to the fire. Also I saw more than a few posts back in Feb, regarding 'insider info' of a market meltdown for late march/early april ( [here's one link I had saved]( however I saw at least 3 or 4 posts regarding such) which could have contributed to the recent spike (which started in Jan if I recall correctly). 
But let's say Even if Cyprus was made a bigger deal than you say (I only looked into it briefly so I will refrain from argumentation on your opinion on the matter) and these 'insiders' are full of shit, there are more than a few reasons that BTC is a good thing to invest in, just a few of which I listed above. At least, they were compelling enough to get me interested in investing in BTC. Just the fact alone that the 'loopholes' and 'too big to fail'-ness of  banks that caused the 2008 crash have not been mended with anything more than bandaids, and the same practices are going on with no one even brought to trial is enough reason to invest in alternative currencies. Of course I am not advocating anyone to do anything with their money without doing a good deal of research first.
@_date: 2013-12-09 01:22:15


This makes sense to me to an extent. However I would argue that bitcoin is already struggling at the rate it is expanding currently, and artificially inflating the price/volume to 'entice' vendors when our infrastructure can't yet handle it could actually slow bitcoin's adoption. Slow and steady wins the race IMO. the more exponential leaps (and subsequent crashes) that occur the longer it will take for bitcoin to be adopted. I'm not really concerned with the adoption rate—whether bitcoin goes mainstream is 1 or 10 years is not significant to me, only whether it will at all—but for those who are, I think artificially spending to speed up adoption could actually slow it down. 


I agree with this. but I think those who encourage people to buy stuff with BTC that they otherwise wouldn't have bought at all are not actually helping the adoption of bitcoin.
edit: to clairfy, I'm not saying don't spend. I'm just saying that there's nothing wrong with not spending. If you can buy groceries or pay bills in bitcoin, go for it. I would. I'm just saying there is no reason to pump the bitcoin economy up and spend money we wouldn't otherwise spend. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:42:20
I meant educated on how bitcoin works and why it's worth putting your money into. 


I would disagree however I have come to this conclusion of years of study and it would be pointless for us to try and argue it over the internet. 
@_date: 2013-10-03 22:28:24
Just to point out: that is a 'compact'ed (No idea what that means but it does make it look different) version of the sub. If you take off the .compact at the end it looks pretty normal (to me at least). 
@_date: 2013-04-09 18:13:10
contact if you haven't already. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 09:37:04


Entirely subjective to any person. I don't plan to spend any significant amount of my BTC until... well ever.  Any major purchase I make, that I would have made anyway, I will do my best to buy in BTC and immediately replenish, but I'm not going to buy stuff that I wouldn't have bought anyway. Also, I'd much rather risk going down with the ship than buy an xbox that I didn't need for what could have bought me a house 10 years later. 


In the here and now? Yes sure reduced spending will reduce the price. But that is what I was defining as keeping the price 'artificially high'. I don't see any good reason to care about the price here and now. In fact, the higher is goes, the more concerned I am, as we do not currently have the infrastructure to support it. The more bitcoin is used before infrastructure is in place, the more crashes we will have and the longer it will take to gain acceptance. Bitcoin will not stagnate. It will either change the world or it will become useless. I see no good reason to artificially inflate the price now by spending what I wouldn't otherwise have spent had bitcoin not existed. Whether the price is $500 BTC or $1000 BTC right now has no effect on where BTC will be in 10 years. 


I never plan to cash out. I will spend my BTC as BTC or hold onto them until they are worth as much as the lint in my pockets.


I see this said a lot but it just doesn't make sense to me. It seems that those wishing to artificially inflate the price in the here and now by buying things they wouldn't have bought anyway, are the ones without the faith. BTC has already inserted itself into the dialogue. Bitcoin is already on it's way to wherever it's going. Whether we have 10,000 transactions a day or 50,000 right now doesn't seem particularly relevant. What we need to be concerned about is infrastructure, utilization, and merchants. The price is irrelevant for now. Merchants will adopt bitcoin because of it's utility, not because of it's price. Infrastructure will be built on bitcoin's utility, not it's price. I see no good reason to spend money that I don't have a desire to spend just because it's in the form of bitcoin. 
And I have no problem with other people spending of course. Do whatever you want with your BTC. That's what the free market is all about! I just wanted to put it out there for anyone who felt pressured to spend to 'keep the momentum', like I did, who don't have a lot of money. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 23:28:35
@_date: 2013-09-12 00:22:30
I would love to buy a few, however it would be nice to go through coinbase or otherwise. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:59:41
Well, as someone who was once a conspiracy guy, you should know that we trust no one ;D
@_date: 2013-11-11 03:34:19
Wait a second. did you comment always say &lt;$300? I swear it said just plain $300, hence my confusion. If you meant to say that bitcoin will probably never go below $300, I would say that that is something I'd agree with. 
@_date: 2013-12-29 23:16:59
I appreciate your response. You are clearly very concerned about inequality and the poor, which i believe to be very noble and is something i too am concerned about. You sound like youve been in some debates with some an caps before, so i will try not to rehash their arguments, but i just have a few questions: 
1. *if* all the things you listed could be proven to be non-issues, would you then say 'okay maybe anarchy can work' or do you have other more fundamental reasons that you think it is flawed? 
2. Also lets says you're totally right that these are unsolvable issues. We are not comparing anarchy to perfection, only the current system. How well are the poor treated in our current system? Is welfare helping people out of poverty? I dont know how it is in Australia  but here in the US, before the great society legislation (welfare) was implemented we had 1% of the poor getting out of poverty every year, and the legislation not only flatlined that but actually flipped it around and increased poverty for some years. We currently have something like 500 homes for every homeless person here, and the government isnt doing a very good job of helping them. Again i am not here to debate what would and wouldnt work, just trying to see what your view is on the current system. 
3. Lets again concede that you are totally right about all these concerns and that we need government–a monopoly on the use of force–to prevent the little guy from getting screwed (lets even take it far enough to say that the poor are better off under government than they would under anarchy). Government is kind of a package deal. You have war. You have war on drugs. You have taxation. You have prisons. You have corruption. You have companies able to lobby the government for their own interests. Etc. are these things worth it to you? So worth it that you wouldnt put aside some money to help the poor? Are people so selfish that, when getting paid 2x as much as they do now (middle class in america pays about 50% taxation) they wouldnt throw some shekels to the poor to pay for garbage or roads or whatever, to avoid the deaths of millions Iraqi's? Or Vietnamese? Or not be threatening with 10 years in a rape room for having some vegetation that they like to smoke? Or even if they dont care about the countless ways in which governments are messing things up just paying taxes in general? You can get paid twice as much (at least) as you do now and all you have to do is fork over a few bucks a month to pay for the poor. People run on incentives. And id say there is a pretty huge incentive to help the poor if what we currently have is the alternative. 
4. Lastly, lets even concede that last point and say that no, despite all reason and all incentive, there is still a significant portion of people who would rather live in the shit hole that is government ruled world, than be free because they'd only be making 99.9% more income instead of 100% more income. You know why i absolutely love lefties? Because on the chance that all the right didnt give a shit about the poor, you guys DO care about them. Anytime someone says free market and someone yells 'but what about the poor!?' It puts a smile on my face because i know that people care about the poor and thus will do whatever they can to help them and that people dont need to be coerced and threatened to do it. If i said free market and no one even asked about the poor, i'd be pretty concerned about whether anarchy can work, but 'what about the roads!' 'The childrenn!' 'The poor!' makes me sure that, at least in regards to charity, we are set. 
Lastly i just want to say i am very new to economics and anarchism so i am totally open to new solutions and new things, and maybe im totally missing something about this whole violence thing. I, like you, want the world to flourish and for for things to actually get better. If there is some fundamental flaw in freedom, id want to know. I am not attached to conclusions, only methodology. I appreciate your taking the time to have this conversation with me :)
 
@_date: 2013-12-09 05:26:55
I still love you, witcoins
@_date: 2013-11-21 00:50:08
How do you know *that*?
Who's to say that I don't 100% agree with you?
@_date: 2013-12-09 07:39:06
What are you wearing?
@_date: 2013-12-22 23:37:16
I've been into bitcoin since March and have come to this sub more or less daily since then, and never saw it. I apologize for the repost if it is well known, but if there is anyone like me who missed it, I think they will appreciate it. 
@_date: 2013-12-01 04:23:32
The most interesting bitcoin presentation ive ever heard. GJ stef. 
@_date: 2013-11-11 02:34:01
well that's very interesting. Would you mind elaborating on why a veteran such as yourself would think that we will never see $300 again? 
And I first got interested in bitcoin in Janurary or so; I think they were at $50. 
edit: was under the impression that OP was saying we will never seen anything above $300. Not sure if I misread or if he edited it after I commented.
@_date: 2013-11-07 07:24:53
Youre still being ambiguous. How big is 'large scale'? A province? A country? 1 million people? 100 million people? 100 years? 1000 years? What does 'working' mean? That it continues for x number of years? That it creates wealth? happiness? Freedom?
@_date: 2013-11-26 06:37:55
From what i've heard from Stef, he's pretty good at managing his opponents to remain effective. Of the few debates between someone and Schiff I've seen, this has been the most docile and pleasant  and I think Stef's "soft balling" was the primary factor in that. IMO he handled it in the best way possible. If you get aggressive with Schiff he'll just dump it 10 fold and it will derail the conversation. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 03:01:57
Are you saying that it is an objective fact that  the only way society can function is to have a portion of your money stolen from you at the barrel of a gun to be spent on whatever the government declares to be a priority? 
Edit: sp