@_author: matthewcridland
@_date: 2014-03-16 02:59:29
If a GST registered business sold MP3s via download to customers in Australia, GST would be applicable.  The answer may be different for cross border transactions (where the MP3s are downloaded from a non-resident outside of Australia, or sold to a non-resident outside of Australia).
Yes, I think there is a risk of a double GST liability if a GST registered business sells goods or services in exchange of Bitcoins, and then converts the Bitcoins to AUD in Australia.
The example I gave yesterday is Coffee Co, a GST registered business that sells a coffee machine to a customer for $220.  Coffee Co accepts Bitcoins for the sale.  Coffee Co has a $20 GST liability on the sale in the usual fashion.
If Coffee Co then immediately sells the Bitcoins in Australia to convert to AUD, for the same $220 price, that could trigger a second GST liability of $20.
So the total amount that Coffee Co has received in AUD is $220.  But the total GST potentially payable is $40 on the two sale transactions.
Coffee Co may not be liable for GST if the Bitcoins were sold to a non-resident that is outside of Australia.
These are the risks that GST registered businesses need to be mindful of if considering accepting Bitcoin payments, at least until such time as the ATO has stated its own view (which may be different to mine).
@_date: 2014-03-16 02:19:57
I presented the session on Australian GST and Bitcoins yesterday.  I am not a Government Official as has been stated in some of the comments.  I am a Tax Partner at the law firm DLA Piper and I specialise in GST.
The views that I expressed at the conference are based on my interpretation of the current GST Act provisions.  The ATO has not provided any public guidance to date.  It is of course possible that the ATO will reach a different view to my own.
Under the GST Act, there are GST exemptions for payments of "money" and for foreign exchange transactions.  I think that there is a risk that those exemptions do not apply to Bitcoin payments or trades.  This is because the term "money" is defined in the GST Act and refers to "currency" or "negotiable instruments" of "Australia or any other country".  As Bitcoins are not issued by the Government of any country, they may not meet this definition.  Hence, the exemptions for payments of money and foreign exchange may not apply.
To clarify, I have not said that Bitcoins should be taxed as "goods".  They are not tangible property and can't be "goods".  Rather, I think that Bitcoin transactions may involve supplies of "rights".  Supplies of rights can be subject to GST in Australia.
I did mention yesterday that if Bitcoins are supplied to a non-resident outside of Australia (i.e. paid or traded cross border), the transaction should be "GST-free" and not subject to Australian GST.
For those interested in delving into the technical issues, I have prepared a paper which was published online earlier this week.  It includes extracts of the relevant legislative provisions, my analysis and some worked examples.  It's available here &gt;&gt; 
As already stated, the ATO may reach a completely different view to my own.  That is fine.  The reason that I have been raising these issues though is because there is a risk that GST registered business could decide to accept Bitcoin payments for commercial reasons, without appreciating that there may be a different GST treatment as compared to AUD payments.
I note that Singapore, Canada and Japan have indicated that GST applies to Bitcoin transactions in those countries.  Will be interesting to see whether Australia follows suit.