@_author: matt_cgy
@_date: 2018-01-02 02:07:31
Hi there -- Matt from Coinigy here. For almost all exchanges, we connect to Websocket APIs in order to stream market data so data should essentially be real-time. The only major exchange this isn't true for is Bittrex, which does not offer a public Websocket API but we have a workaround in place so that trades should be real-time. Which exchange was this lag that you noticed happening with?
@_date: 2018-05-08 18:34:05
Hi there -- Matt from Coinigy here. Do you have a ticket number on hand that I can check? Please do not PM my Reddit profile with account specific info -- as per our our security protocol, we can only help account-related things through our support portal. 
@_date: 2018-05-08 18:31:16
Hi there! Matt from Coinigy here -- really sorry to hear this. This indeed should not be happening and we would be happy to take a look. I should note that we're currently working through continued development and launch of V2 of our API, so that may have had unintended effects on V1 (which I assume you're using). I've pasted your message to our devs and will for sure take a look at it to see if anything is up. In the mean-time, please shoot an email to matt with more information such as what your calls looks like, what the exact error texts are, etc. Again, really sorry to hear this.
@_date: 2018-06-19 15:18:16
Hi there! Matt from Coinigy here -- apologies for the vague reply from our support team. As far as guest mode goes, that just refers to a browser's guest profile where everything except for the base browser itself is disabled (Chrome's Incognito mode is another version of this). Generally speaking, we use that for troubleshooting as plugins/extensions/etc. commonly cause issues with the charting library, unfortunately.  
  
That said, if you have already tried disabling them, it most likely has to do with your chart autosave file being corrupted or too big (meaning that the library is taking a long time to open the large autosave file). You can switch which autosave option you have enabled on your preferences page in your account [here]( Further, on the chart, you can delete any of your autosave files that may still be loaded with the middle of the three buttons in the top right corner (it is an image with a cloud and an outlined arrow pointing down).  
  
Hope this helps! Please let me know if you continue to have any problems with it.  
  
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:46:15
Hi there! Matt from Coinigy here. Just to clarify, being based out of Canda should have no impact on your ability to use our platform. Feel free to let me know if you end up having any issues with doing so! :)