@_author: maulfurion
@_date: 2017-12-04 04:51:28
Actually, the high price drop was because there was a very small player base and it was held by mostly big boys. They sold and then everyone lost hope and there was barely any usage for it.
Now it's in the news, people are getting in, people are setting up payments with btc to their services. It's taking over larger population, watch out for 10k+ price rises in short time, those are the big guys that will sell later again and will do the 'correction', but we are going on a path where crypto will not be sold, but used as real currency, so the value will increase no matter what.
$tart now, $tart in 5 years, the value will keep going up the more possibilities arive such as buying daily things with crypto.
The early Silk Road days are over, we're in middle ages of btc, where it actually starts to take over the world in parabolic line of progression. It's really gold/money 2.0 with ease of use and other comfortable features.
Look at real money's value, it's not scyrocketting and dropping fast. Same will be with BTC. The high price comes from big populations demand. The big guys aren't able to disturb the market unless Bill Gates buys it with all his money.
Times and tech changes, same with btc. Buy it, spread it, become wealthy and free with it together with most of the world...
@_date: 2017-12-09 15:47:07
It's like mining real gold in old times, first ones get more before it's used as currency and gains insane value as it's limited like real gold. We are the early adopters. First ones to gain TONS in gold.
@_date: 2017-12-06 11:56:40
To buy BTC you need someone on the opposite end of BTC to sell for certain value. If there will not be enough sellers, then you can't buy with big money and manipulate the game. It will just raise the value and more HODL'ers will win, cause buyers will offer MORE fiat just to convince people to sell. Some will sell at some points, but most will not as the price will just keep spiking up if they actually are going to attempt it.
@_date: 2017-11-07 08:10:33
Bought for 100 eur, now I sit at 93 eur. It feels like a loss, but it's just 2 days of waiting, you have to hodl for a lot longer. It's called investment not a slot machine.
Wait till the price doubles at some point, all your temporary losses will be a 100% profit.
I would be constantly putting money to get bitcoin over time, then sell it at a nice spot, but then again it could go to 1mill. Then the sell part would bite you in ass.
Follow news, speculations,new shit going on etc., that could affect the price, then make your own judgement.