@_author: maverick216
@_date: 2018-03-20 01:30:00
I'm not saying that. I completely agree with you that Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies did not need government support to get to where they got to. I am saying, however, that crypto should look to partner with lawmakers in order to facilitate and accelerate mass adoption. Whether we like it or not, lawmakers will have a profound impact on how fast crypto is brought mainstream. That is not to say crypto cannot exist without government support - but their support and collaboration will certainly help our cause.
@_date: 2018-03-20 01:27:33
I don't disagree bud. I am with you that too many people are focused on price appreciation rather than tech development. My take from this report is bullish on both fronts. I think congress support will ultimately help innovation and development as it paves the way for further adoption (which in turn, helps support funding for increased development).
@_date: 2018-03-19 21:17:13
While it was not released today, I think it’s only beginning to be priced in. While I don’t think we are pumping to the moon just yet, this is certainly bullish and great progress for all of us
@_date: 2018-03-28 01:46:20
Last trade is March 29th I believe.
See the below link: 
I don’t think the community realizes just how pivotal a date this is
@_date: 2018-02-04 19:52:29
I agree with all of this. Take care.
@_date: 2018-02-04 00:40:18
"Part of the payment system" does not equate to "eliminate altogether". This implies that there is a whole host of use cases in which cryptocurrencies can be allowed to perform, none of which have anything to do with "payment system".
@_date: 2018-02-03 01:26:16
This is such a bogus headline. The finance minister specifically said he wanted to stamp out use of cryptocurrencies for illegal uses, not altogether.
@_date: 2018-02-04 18:28:44
Are you sure that if a bank is hacked or robbed you don't lose your money? Are you sure that every bank insures all of your deposits? (i.e. greater than the $250K FDIC guarantee). Here is a comprehensive list of bank failures that have occurred in recent memory ( Please read the fine print and let me know what happened to clients that had greater than $250K deposited at any of these institutions. I think you'll find that not every single cent was insured and many of these customers are still waiting to get their money back.
To address your second point, I never said cryptocurrencies were blockchain technology. But I am saying crytocurrencies form a critical component of a well functioning incentive system. Again, to keep this dialogue grounded, I am saying that the Indian governments comments do not rule out the potential for blockchains to exist that have nothing to do with the public payment system.
@_date: 2018-02-04 18:55:24
Again, lets keep this conversation grounded. I never said banks didn't carry less risk (although I can argue that one day they might). I was merely refuting your statement that "When my bank is hacked or robbed I don't lose my money". Please keep this conversation grounded and try not to throw out false generalizations without specific detail that are simply not true.
Second. "things that are not used for paying are not currencies". Let me remind you that there are many definitions of the word "currency". At it's most basic form, a currency is a medium of exchange. A "thing" that stores value that can be used to exchange for other "things". Even if the government banned the use of crytocurrencies in the public payment system, a blockchain platform that has no ties to the public monetary system can still exist.
I can name a plethora of platforms and Dapps that fit into this category with use cases you are familiar with - (KYC, data storage, rendering, fund administration, custody, orcales). All of these blockchains use "cryptocurrencies" to power their incentive system. And none of them need to be integrated into the public payment system.
@_date: 2018-02-04 18:06:25
Every single criticism that you just put forth can also be directed towards centralized databases. Let me name a few recent hacks that may jog your memory: JP Morgan, Uber, Target. Again, I am not saying that blockchain is a panacea to all of our problems. But what I am saying (in order to keep this dialogue grounded) is that there are a whole host of potential use cases for blockchain technology that do not require integration into the public payment system. Even having a private blockchain platform developed for a consortium of banks would greatly enhance efficiency for their middle and back office functions. While the Indian government remarks are certainly not a bullish signal, to say that its banning crypto altogether is simply a blatant misrepresentation of the truth.
@_date: 2018-03-28 18:12:38
I won't include the CME data, I'll let you find that on your own :)
@_date: 2018-03-29 18:49:00
Early-mid April is my guess
@_date: 2018-02-04 19:25:53
Listen mate, I actually agree with a lot of your criticisms. I find many of your posts insightful. All I am saying is that we should avoid rhetoric that may mislead the uninformed (i.e. those who do not care to get into the detail of what is actually going on). Best of luck to you in your future endeavors and let's hope that these "cryptocurrencies" actually pan out in the future. I, like you, am skeptical of that happening for the vast majority of projects out there.
@_date: 2018-03-28 12:53:50
Lol where did I say hedgers wouldnt roll their futures? What about the non commercial traders? 
@_date: 2018-02-04 19:11:06
Ok? Let's start with Chainlink - decentralized oracles. Can you explain to me why LINK (cryptocurrency that forms the basis of the incentive system of the Chainlink blockchain) will have zero value EVEN if it is not integrated into the public payment system? (i.e. I cannot never use LINK to buy a cup of coffee). 
Directly from their whitepaper:
"The ChainLink network utilizes the LINK token** to pay ChainLink Node operators for the retrieval of data from off-chain data feeds, formatting of data into blockchain readable formats, off-chain computation, and uptime guarantees they provide as operators. In order for a smart contract on networks like Ethereum to use a ChainLink
node, they will need to pay their chosen ChainLink Node Operator using LINK tokens, with prices being set by the node operator based on demand for the off-chain resource their ChainLink provides, and the supply of other similar resources."
The underlying point is that if a blockchain is doing "useful" things that are of some value to society (e.g. data storage, rendering, KYC Client Onboarding) AND that blockchain requires cryptocurrencies to function, those cryptocurrencies will have value. EVEN if that specific cryptocurrency never gains regulatory approval to be used to buy a cup of coffee. As long as the use case is valuable, people will be happy to exchange "things" (e.g. USD) for that crypto.
@_date: 2018-03-19 18:47:21
This is incredibly bullish. We need to make sure that the crypto community continues to work with (not against) lawmakers to ensure safe and compliant crypto markets. Only through collaboration will mass adoption take place.
Edit: I would add that while this is certainly bullish, it is not definitive. In other words, I expect regulatory uncertainty to remain a dark shadow over markets until lawmakers finalize regulations. This does give me hope that those regulations will be positive for our community.
@_date: 2018-02-04 17:32:39
Ever heard of smart contracts? Do you realize you can’t use a stock or bond to pay for a cup of coffee but the capital markets facilitate trillions of dollars worth of transactions? Even if crypto was never allowed to be used for payment directly, the value generated from automating back and middle office functions (storage, accounting, fund administration, custody, reporting) would be massive.