@_author: max3490
@_date: 2017-07-27 14:33:56
Note: Not my job advert, just came through from my job alerts and thought this should get some visibility here - perhaps some individual here would have the passion they're looking for :).
@_date: 2017-07-30 10:18:40
Anonymity, Privacy, lost causes. What you're thinking of are, as you say, pseudo-anonymity, and things like "security by obscurity".
You want privacy? Never contact anyone you know again. Go live in some remote part of the world, rarely visited by outsiders, or even by people who are visited by outsiders.
The world is connected, online. No getting away from that.
And, you want to try, whilst simultaneously having a connection of any kind yourself, personally? You must be crazy, it would be difficult enough if you lived an offline cash only life.
I used to live in a surveillance state, the "chilling effects" are real. People are careful about how they act and talk. It's quite sad actually.
Now I live somewhere new, and I am online, and I don't use VPNs and I have a mobile phone and I'll happily log into Google on my Android and use Maps, upload photos of myself into the cloud, blah blah. But, it's not a surveillance state here, and people are more relaxed, and life feels more natural. I didn't leave, because it was a surveillance state, but now I've tasted how life is without terror alerts and CCTV plastering every surface, I don't much feel like going back.
@_date: 2017-07-30 10:21:17
Bot much?
@_date: 2017-07-29 19:19:00
Dam, why didn't I use spelcheck.
@_date: 2017-07-26 12:21:00
The recent increase in volume means there are more people in the game, and this should help price discovery function better.
At the same time, the recent increase in volatility is both a product of there being more people in the market; a greater total number of people are completely inexperienced with trading, let alone with such a volatile asset.
What I see is a rising tide of new money flooding in and out of the markets. You can try and catch the undercurrents and ride the waves, but every few waves, a big one will come along and, drawn by the magnetism of the moon, knock you off your feet. Watch out for the riptide.
I agree, dollar cost averaging, rather than making large "one off" trades, will smooth out this turbulent sea. Globally, people are warming to Bitcoin, and with the polluting effects of the global banking system upon the world, I forecast a continuing rise in sea levels.
@_date: 2017-07-29 20:28:54
The implied message here is that Perfect Money and BTC-E are sites a shady operator would use.
Well yes, OK I suppose that  has been proven true.
But shady operators use the services of HSBC too.
I think you were a bit rude here, accusing this guy of being shady - he's just been robbed by the US Gov.
@_date: 2017-07-28 12:48:56
You can get your funds out of Armory, based on a paper backup, without going online. You have to load up the wallet, and then backup your private keys as private keys. One way you can then interact with the funds is to sweep each address one by one into a blockchain wallet.
I agree though, Armory with its lack of BIP39 backups, is a pain.
Maybe this new version has BIP39 backups.
It's a new developer working on it for the last while, incidentally.
I agree that this is the best wallet ever, by the way. Real shame, what happened to the project.
@_date: 2017-07-29 20:35:29
I agree, if you can't trade profitably, and simultaneously afford to transfer funds in and out, keeping them on the exchange as little as possible, then... you may well lose your funds at some point, and then you will have no profit and a huge loss. Never keep funds at an exchange. I find it incredible that exchanges hold so much money. What if an insider decides to plan a heist and run away with it all? What if the funds get seized by the US Gov? What if they get hacked? What if there's an error in a smart contract and the money disappears into a black hole? What if the only person who knows some codes for their cold wallet dies in a car accident? Bad shit happens, every day.