@_author: maxbitcoin
@_date: 2014-07-06 12:27:46
I suppose I qualify as an early adopter, here is my story. I first heard of Bitcoin in 2010. I solo mined a few blocks on my CPU in an afternoon (boy times have changed! Faucets were giving out 5 bitcoins then too!). Thought it was the most amazing thing since sliced bread, but never imagined in a million years that it would ever be accepted by anyone. I was not aware of the bitcoin talk forums (if it even existed then?) and I don't think there were any exchanges either at the time. I just downloaded the software and wasn't aware of any community around it at the time, it didn't occur to me to look for a community either, this was probably my undoing.
There was a thought in the back of my mind that I should just keep mining just for the hell of it, but I thought, naaah.
Then I forgot about it until April 2011. Now my Bitcoins had some value, but there wasn't much to do with them. I actually ended up getting into gambling for the first time in my life and gambled away about half of my Bitcoins on various sites, then I decided I had had enough of that and put a stop to it.
After the bubble popped I bought several hundred Bitcoins at around $5. Best. Investment. Ever. I still have the vast majority of them, but I have been spending them here and there, a Jalepeno there, a Monarch there (ugggh... what a waste!), gifts for friends and family from various vendors that accept Bitcoin. I also did a little day trading, selling high, rebuying low. Wasn't too bad at it, and ended up way ahead, I didn't press my luck and don't do that anymore though.
I only wish I had bought more at $5. Even more than that, I sure wish I had mined more in 2010, could have easily been a millionaire right now. Oh well, maybe I just have to wait a few more years?
I often wonder, what was going on in the heads of those famous Bitcoin millionaires like Roger Ver and Charlie Shrem that got them to mine (or buy) their Bitcoins in those real early stages, because I dismissed it.