@_author: maximumpanda
@_date: 2014-04-02 17:52:00
quick question as I've only glossed over this. the chinese ban is only for specific exchanges that did not adhere to the proper chinese laws correct?
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:18:18
because until people can spend bitcoin with the same convenience as cash, a large portion of the population wouldn't be bothered to even try and use it. crypto's in general have a problem with making it easy to buy stuff in the real world.
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:07:21
those poor poor trading bots...
@_date: 2014-08-07 20:40:00
you had nothing to do with it. remember me, remember when I called you a petulant child in the IRC for trying so hard to sound tough? you scared no one who actually had any say because everyone assumed you were in your teens with nothing better to do. 
the dev's decided that aux pow was the right direction to go because there are much more concerning issues that need to be addressed and they cannot be focused on as long as the public narrative and speculator's are crying about the falling hashrate. there are also much larger politics at play here involving actually scary people who could have done something. 
the thing that gave you away.. anyone who could have attacked the coin, would have done it without telling anyone what they were doing.
@_date: 2014-04-04 16:05:20
well you have to think about them protecting themselves. the 20 minute wait time is to verify via confirmations (probably 10+) that the coin isn't being malleability attacked. the palm print is to verify that they have an accurate palm image and to double verify that they have a correct scan. government ID is likely for fincen or internal checks. phone number is to easily give you verification on your account status and provide 2fa. I guess the picture is for fraud protection.
it seems like they had several different systems in place that when it comes time for them to be implemented into a single process created this overcombersome shit storm.
@_date: 2014-04-11 00:58:03
did....did you just admit to uploading CP onto your dropbox?
@_date: 2014-04-04 14:33:08
bad design decisions by developers. wouldnt be the first time.
@_date: 2014-04-06 18:46:01
well actually its a safe assumption to make that anyone who has a significant amount invested in anything would want to see its value rise. I cant think of a single situation where you would want your investment to lose money.
@_date: 2014-08-18 09:36:34
blatant dogecoin supporter here, but I'll try and address some of the common misconceptions with dogecoin.
1. dogecoin's code base is always the first and most updated to bitcoin's standards.
2. dogecoin's devs never collected an IPO and work day in and out to solve problems, no matter the price.
3. the kids love us, I invested (speculated what ever you want to call it) because I believe dogecoin is bringing people who would have never looked at cryptocurrencies into the fold and allowing people to see crypto not as the shadowy darknet currency, but what it really is, a technology that can be used for anything. if you think that the every day person remotely care's about crypto in general, I think you might be slightly deluded because at the moment crypto isn't easy enough or interesting enough to use except in a few case examples.  
4. starting next month, dogecoin's rate of inflation will be less than bitcoin's and litecoins and will remain that way for 3 years. 3 years is a hell of a lot of time.
5. developers are focused on a long term stable coin, they aren't interested in flashy gimmicks that could be reproduced via a service. they are looking to foster a growing 3rd party development community.
problems with dogecoin:
1. dogecoin desperately needs investor support. early on the dogecoin community pissed off a lot of large investors and they sold out, fast. the value of doge tanked hard after 1 guy sold over a billion dogecoins in a few hours. 
2. because it was started as a joke, people still think its a joke. dogecoin has the potential to go farther than it has, it has managed to survive past other coins, always remaining in the top 10 market cap wise, but regular investors just aren't looking at it anymore. all the new crypto speculators are looking at shiny new coins like syscoin, and getting exactly what they paid for, a  coin that doesn't function, unstable code, no wallets, amateur developers, all managed by a 3rd party making risky business decisions to further their own reputation (oh did I mention that the dogecoin developers are rebuilding their wallet for them so it works). dogecoin is far more stable than these new coins, but doesn't offer the instant payoff all the speculators are interested in.
3. the coinpocolypse is upon us, bitcoin is sub 480 again (a low previously only seen after MT. GOX), every coin is losing  massively across the board, dogecoin included, and its going to take a lot of money and time to rebuild.