@_author: maxkaye
@_date: 2013-05-07 18:51:01
Haha, cheers. You gave me a good chuckle.
@_date: 2013-05-07 16:54:39
The article itself goes into more detail, these issues are accounted for, however.
I believe it is currently anonymous with no counter party risk.
Edit: I even describe the timeout; escrow doesn't work without a third party; and the network provides the 'escrow' if you consider a reversal enough for that.
@_date: 2013-05-11 22:40:09
Knowing an address (and more so if the public key is known also) compromises security as it allows an attacker to begin a doublespend (or other attack) before payment is made. If you don't know an address beforehand, you can only start the attack once you're told it; with something like bitpay, you've got 15 minutes leeway. If you had 24 hours leeway, you could attempt to start building a conflicting blockchain. Once you've got a longer chain than the main chain (remember you can restart at any point until you get ahead) you send your tx to bitpay, then publish the longer chain, undoing what you just spent (and providing a tx that spends the outputs so your valid honest tx payment can't be re-broadcast). A successful doublespend but relies on being able to begin the attack before payment.
Does that make sense?
@_date: 2013-05-02 23:57:20
I've been thinking about this recently, and have just started implementing the chain-trade process described on the Contracts wiki page for bitcoind. Not as easy as I would have hoped, though it's coming along.
Ultimately I'd like to see a second cryptocoin created for a p2p exchange; I've been tossing around some ideas recently, particularly dual-blockchains (merged mined together) and how to secure the network efficiently. Certainly not an easy task.
There are a bunch of really interesting economic questions and strategies surrounding P2P exchanges though, especially if you create a 'marketcoin' to act as the interim medium of exchange (as in it works for Everything -&gt; Marketcoin and Marketcoin -&gt; Everything, which might be far easier than Everything-&gt;Everything). However, I think to escape the trust issues that Ripple proposes a p2p exchange needs to be cryptocurrency-only.
One of the things I think would be very interesting to experiment with is creating the meta-currency marketcoin to be inflationary; this way you make it a resource you don't want to hold (why would you when you can easily and cheaply change it to bitcoin?) which would *hopefully* cause exchange rates to naturally tend towards the 'floor' (as such).
Anyway, very interesting. I'm attempting to write a paper on competing cryptocoins, which will deal with many of these issues.
Edit: this is an alt. Main user us @_date: 2013-05-07 10:33:56
Cheers! :) It's quite a nice feeling considering I've been involved in Bitcoin for over 2 years now.
It does feel a little like cheating though; still, had to subscribe the alt sooner or later.
@_date: 2013-05-05 01:18:26
:D My first tip; thankyee sir!
@_date: 2013-05-05 01:02:51
I still need to figure out the second half :(
@_date: 2013-05-07 10:11:47
Much agreed. I think I tipped us over; this is an alt of mine and reddit prompted me to subscribe to some reddits, came to and low and behold 39,999 users. 
How ominous...
@_date: 2013-05-05 01:15:17
Oh well. I pushed the TX out once I realised it was signed, but didn't get the second half in time.
@_date: 2013-05-03 10:15:38
Your question is more complex than you realise.
I'll be addressing something like this in the hypothetical paper (well, mostly, I've got a few things down, at the moment one of the things I'm trying to focus on is 'chaos at the end of the blockchain': the differences between btc v ltc and what block production rates actually mean for a currency)
Ultimately you don't want to appropriate a coin; it's not as clean as using a new one, that said, a new coin might not be needed.
Realistically, though, I don't think any of those you've mentioned (nor PPCoin, Novacoin, feathercoin (don't even understand why they're bothering), etc) bring anything much that's new or interesting (besides namecoin). PPCoin has a neat idea, but if it turns out to be practical it can be patched into Bitcoin easily.
Namecoin brings something new and cool, but it's not a great basis for something to trade; the noise of speculation would make it harder to store data long term in the blockchain. (or it would at least be disruptive)
Creating a coin of which the sole purpose is to act as a currency&lt;-&gt;currency exchange (crypto-currencies only as far as I can see) means you aren't limited by what the coin was, or other things it's trying to be. Some features are useful together, and I think the idea of marketcoin (or whatever) being inflationary would actually be a neat experiment and probably yield some interesting economic questions.
@_date: 2013-05-04 01:47:38
Freicoin might be a good candidate to pull some code from, but ultimately it is it's own experiment but it doesn't seem useful. I don't want to hijack another project (especially if that alone would give it significant purpose), and building something from bitcoin itself means it should be easier to integrate patches and so forth.
Despite all this, these are implementation concerns, and there isn't really a context in which to talk about implementation yet.
Edit: on the note of demurrage vs inflation, the former might be more useful, but again, that can be looked at later. It does have some nicer properties over inflation though.
@_date: 2013-05-07 18:43:51
I go into all those details in the main article.
The system works for any Acoin &lt;-&gt; Marketcoin. So BTC -&gt; MKC -&gt; LTC or LTC -&gt; MKC -&gt; PPC. Marketcoin is the middleman that make chaintrading possible.
Demurrage in Freicoin is sort of for different reasons; but it has no impact on Marketcoin in anycase.
Miners need to mine a currency-pair with merged mining, so they choose which chains to support. Not sure if it will be possible to mine 2 at once though.
I go into the detail of mining in the article.
@_date: 2013-05-05 01:17:52
Ahh bummer. I didn't get it, though did broadcast the TX. Tried ROT13 and importing directly, which didn't work. I then figured maybe it was the privkey and thought perhaps the checksum was altered when it was all-caps'd.
For anyone interested, my notes: 