@_author: maxliberum
@_date: 2012-07-19 11:46:48
Bankers don't care about people or their freedom. They care about wealth. If bitcoin volumes increase past pocket money, some bankers will certainty take notice and start to play with bitcoins.  Breaking news: "Massive Bitcoin scam by Goldman Sachs. Millions of people can't pay their bills." Bitcoins would be perfect currency for them, because free currency  requires more knowledge and attention from its users. Something public don't have. 
No matter what system, those with will and smarts will take advantage of the "people". That's the natural law. 
@_date: 2012-09-29 22:18:59
The value of bitcoin in relation to other currents is not that important. It would be more important that:
1. the  change of exchange ratio is steady and small enough, it does not matter  what the  direction of the  change is.  
2. volume of transactions increases. 
If bitcoin wants to become used widely,  it must become more of transaction asset (aka money) and less hoarding asset. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 07:48:35
The operative word: feel. 
This is typical speculative bubble. You can't do informed risk analysis. It all depends on the psychology. 
@_date: 2013-06-26 17:34:51
It's fuck the tyrannical government and it's control of transactions until somebody fucks you. Then it's, help me government and use violence and imprisonment against people who hosed me. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 11:30:14
Diversify. You should start selling BTC at steady rate and invest them to other assets. If you don't sell because hope to get even richer, but don't manage your risk and have not done your research and analysis, you are not investing, you are speculating/gambling. High returns come with high risk. Don't believe in free lunches. If you are not comfortable with risk, start reducing your risk. 
example strategy: Sell 5% of your BTC every day until your BTC risk is so low that you are not  devastated if their value collapses permanently. Leave so much bitcoins that if their value increases 1000X, you feel Bitcoin rich again. 
@_date: 2013-06-26 17:58:46
AMD or Intel could easily produce chip that has hundreds/thousands of  SHA256 modules in state of the art fab. Their volumes are so high that could easily produce tens of thousands of chips on the side just as test run for new fab. 
It would still not make much sense for them to sell those chips for consumers, because sales would be just peanuts for them. However, they could give the chips as Christmas presents for their workers, to the company pension fund or some charity and use the chips as PR tool.  
@_date: 2013-11-10 14:33:51
This is chart where vertical axis (price) is adjusted logarithmically adjusted (not the time). 
The reason whey logarithmic scale is preferred is because similar relative movements are shown in same size. 
For example, when you compare times when BTC traded 1 USD and it jumped 10% and when BTC traded 100 USD and jumped 10%, both of these jumps increased the value of your wallet 10% and both of these jumps look equally sized in the log chart. If you are doing decisions in the market, it's these relative changes to your investment that are important. 
@_date: 2013-01-29 10:18:39
Amount of currency is in circulation alone does not give the full picture. Velocity of money is another important measure.  If that $200 million is used in transactions 0.1 times per year on average, it amounts to $20 mil worth of "Bitcoin GDP". If bitcoins change hands 100 times per year on average, that sum is equal to $20 billion in economic activity.  Quick ballpark estimate: if average daily  [bitcoin volume is ~250000]( and bitcoin is worth of $18 USD that would make $1.6 billion in transaction volume per year. 
GDP of Greenland is $1.27 Billion, so Bitcoin economy seems to  be roughly the size of the 56,000 Eskimos.
As long far as bitcoins are seen as speculative investments and are subjects to hoarding, central banks have nothing to fear. If bitcoin turns into transaction money, even small nominal value can have huge effect. Deflationary bitcoin encourages sitting on money while inflationary Euros encourage exchanging currency into investments and goods. 
@_date: 2013-07-06 18:51:03
People are free to enter exit any contracts they want. Only some contracts are enforced. 
You fail to recognize that enforceable contracts have three parties. Enforcer  one party in the  contract and may set up rules of what kind of contract are enforced, what kind of fees are needed etc. 
You cant bitch about government having rules of what kind of contracts they allow if you want government be party in your contract. 
 
@_date: 2013-04-09 11:47:00
Exactly. BTC is cryptocurrency for Turing's sake.  Most of the world outside Ango-Saxon countries have embraced metric. Adopting [metric prefix]( is no-brainer. 
@_date: 2013-06-05 00:53:25


Violence is the fundamental way to settle conflict when agreement can't be reached in any other way. 
Government is just a game with rules for  violence. If government does not have rules that allow people to bear arms, or own property and rules that punish those who don't agree, there is nothing else that protects you against majority  or those individuals who are more powerful than you. 
Why government can tax you so much? Is it not unfair? Unfair assumes that rules of the game (for example "right" to own property) are outside market forces. You can view society and it's rules as always changing implicit contract among people. 50% of people earn less than other 50%. For those who earn less, there is less incentive to follow laws and not just take from the rich what they want (either by crime, revolution,  or by altering the rules of the game using politics). This means that rich must negotiate deal that compensates the poorer so that they are willing to play the game. Tax is what you pay for your rights. Tax is not just for covering the cost of  cops and the judges. If society works well, taxes should  reflect the value your property and your freedoms. More you have them, more you must pay for others for the privilege. The right to own and to have rights is very valuable,  so they must be expensive. 
In my opinion libertarian fallacy is to think that government is not part of the market. It may sound unintuitive, but libertarians think more highly of the government than liberals or socialists.  Libertarians assume that the rules of game should reside outside market forces in some fairy land called morality. Non-libertarians implicitly understand that rights and individual freedoms are very valuable assets that you must buy from the marketplace of ideas called politics. 
@_date: 2013-11-10 15:15:23
I think that virtual stateless currencies have their place among other currencies, but single world currency is incredibly bad idea. 
There is this concept called [optimal currency area]( Eurozone is good example of what happens when you create unoptimal currency region across economies that are not even remotely similar.  EUR is weaker that German Mark was, so German exports get unfair benefit from weaker currency. On the other hand EUR is much stronger than currencies in South European countries used to be and these economies suffer under EUR.  
Floating currencies between relatively optimal currency areas is the optimal arrangement. 
@_date: 2013-11-10 15:03:03
When Chinese government officials start accepting bribes in BTC .... 