@_author: mayalibre
@_date: 2013-04-10 05:26:23
I'll add my voice here. I've seen people on the forums with losses or complaints 1-2 weeks old. There seems to be several problems.
1) The system does not email order details, and the order page does NOT say, "important, print this page for future reference." So later, when you finally connect they ask for an "order ID" and a bunch of people don't have it. If you're gonna try to stick with it, be sure to print or PDF every screen in the process, but be aware that they may actually prefer all this chaos and drama. Why else would they not prioritize automatic emailing of order receipts?
2) They have a "contact us" link on the site but they don't respond to those emails. It was only BY CHANCE that I learned they were trying to handle customer service issues in a chaotic forum format. It reminds me of a third world post office where there are no lines and everybody's just jamming toward the front yelling for attention.
3) The biggest problem I see is claiming to do something they can't. Even if their impediments are temporary, why is it not a priority to keep current system notices on the homepage, or at least to keep their blog updated? Bitcoins  have no intrinsic value. They function on two things -- dynamic social exchange and trust. Bitinstant appears to be doing its utmost to destroy both. They do not prioritize keeping users informed, and their claims cannot be relied on.
Currently they have no competitors, but considering their performance I hope that changes fast. It's a fantastic opportunity for someone who understands the importance of communication and who knows how to build trust.
In the meantime, I recommend doing what I did. I first authorized two tiny transfers -- like they do in banks -- to test the connection and process. When my two orders for $1.63 and $0.79 failed to yield an email receipt, I held back and tried again later. One of the orders went through on the second try, but by then I had also read the forums and knew that the money would likely be lost anyway. The second order still never went through. I also received no response to my email inquiries after two days.
So despite what a pain this all is, I would also say that if you're sending $1500 cash off into space without testing or investigating first then some of it's your own damn fault. Trust, which is what economies are built on, develops slowly, and it's a wild west out there. The first rule of investment is also to be dispassionate and to not let yourself get carried away by anxiety or whim.
As for Bitinstant, their fate is in their hands. Their reputation is tanking and their actions show that they don't care about that. The best thing to do is stay away and watch for competition. It will come.