@_author: mayafey_
@_date: 2018-01-28 23:24:32
Alright, I'm ready for my downvotes.
Isn't he precisely wrong? You can't compare blockchains to companies. Blockchains have consensus rules which are decided by participants, companies have shareholders and CEOs that own the brand and operate to maximise profit. Trademarks were created to protect companies and consumers from fraud. Forking a blockchain isn't fraud, it's a disagreement on the rules. Nobody owns Bitcoin or sets its rules, there can't be fraud in any real way - the idea of being able to fork a blockchain is ingrained in the very concept.
I don't agree with 'bitcoin.com', etc, and anyone who deliberately tries to conflate bitcoin with bcash. But that doesn't make the concept of bcash fraud, it just makes Roger Ver an asshole.
If you believe cryptocurrencies should have rules defined by central authorities that have to give the OK to any forks, then blockchain technology isn't for you. Blockchains are permissionless. if wants to fork, they can fork and we can't do shit about it.
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:04:36
~~Send it to me and I'll sort ya right out~~
Just back it up, plug it into your bitcoin folder and see what happens. Worst comes to worst you'll have to use an extraction tool, but I've never done that before.
@_date: 2018-01-04 02:57:45
There are these rules that make bitcoin work, they're called 'consensus rules'. These rules dictate what kind of data can and cannot go on the blockchain. Here are some really obvious rules:
* To spend bitcoins, you must have bitcoins currently deposited in your wallet.
* Each bitcoin transaction must contain a valid signature proving its validity
* No more than 21 million bitcoins can be created
* No block in the chain may be larger than one megabyte
* To create a block, you must prove you have done a certain amount of work
There are actually many complicated rules in the bitcoin network. 
A *fork* is when one of these rules is changed - in effect, creating a new network with the same history as the old one, but with new consensus. 
* A **hard fork** is when the rule change makes 'legacy' (people who haven't updated) clients incompatible. An example of this would be an increase in the block size from one to two megabytes. Old clients would reject these blocks as invalid because they do not follow the rules. Hard forks are called as such because they often 'split the network' creating two tails to the same blockchain, with some users using one network, and other users using the old network.
* A **soft fork** is a rule change that is compatible with legacy clients. An example of this would be decreasing the block size from 1 MB to 500 kilobytes. Old clients would still believe the 500 kilobyte blocks are valid (less than 1MB), thus the consensus requirements of a soft fork are lower (&gt;500 kb blocks will be 'orphaned', leading to the soft fork chain being the only chain)
The Segregated Witness ('Segwit') update to the Bitcoin Network is a soft fork. It does two things:
* Fixes transaction malleability
* Increases the *effective* block size
The way it accomplishes this is by cordoning off the 'witness' data in a transaction (the signature that proves it was you who sent the bitcoins) into a separate block that is connected by a hash to the main block. This means we can fill up the witness part of the block with more data but old, non-segwit clients will still see the blocks as valid, because the standard block still doesn't exceed one megabyte.
A side effect of this change is that the non-determinism of the witness (ie, it's random) is no longer included in the main transaction body included in the main, non-witness block. This means that every transaction, regardless of how it is signed, will always have the same hash for the same inputs and outputs. This makes it easier for people to search for broadcasted transactions on the network and enables the lightning network to function more smoothly.
@_date: 2018-01-29 00:35:13


But you do. If you truly didn't care about the fact that bcash is a fork of bitcoin and not an original crypto currency that doesn't share a transaction history, then you would be attacking *individuals* like Roger Ver who are responsible for fraud like bitcoin.com, not a *community*, the community of bcash, which contains genuine believers of permanent on-chain scaling (regardless of how misguided and unworkable that is)
Forks aren't new just new currencies, they are genuine disagreements. Bcash is bcash because people think that bcash is what bitcoin should be. 
Forking is a feature, not a bug.
@_date: 2018-01-09 06:25:40
No I mean like Litecoin, Monero, Ethereum, IOTA, et al. All forks of the software or the concept, not of the blockchain.
@_date: 2018-01-24 13:04:04
Twice the number of people is still more people.
@_date: 2018-01-29 04:21:37
I don't care. All I'm saying is forking isn't somehow inherently bad, and that this meme doesn't do anything good.
@_date: 2018-01-29 04:51:35
You're talking to the wrong gal.
@_date: 2018-01-07 00:04:17
This is a false dichotomy. The answer is not one or the other. Let me tell you a story.
Someone invents a computer with a silicon microprocessor. We'll call it a Raspberry Pi. The Raspberry Pi is a great computer. It serves what (at the time of creation) was modest computing needs at an extremely low power requirement. Everyone was fine with the raspberry Pi for many years. But unfortunately software demands grew dramatically. Eventually people found that they couldn't run all the software they wanted all at once. 
Initially, this was fine, but the demands kept growing. Eventually it only took one or two next generation programs to use all of the on-die RAM and max the CPU.
People looked to the creators and maintainers of the Raspberry Pi, Raspberry Core for solutions. Fortunately they're in luck, Raspberry Core has tons of solutions coming. They're planning to shrink the transistor from one micrometer, eventually going down all the way to (theoretically) 10, or even 5 nanometers, providing orders of magnitude of improvement. They're also planning to add lots of other things in the meantime, like a multilevel cache system, branch prediction, SSE instructions, all to increase the efficiency of the processor. 
People were fine with that answer for a while, but the solutions (which were being painstakingly developed and tested by Raspberry Core) were taking a very long time. For a while, no solutions came. Eventually someone else came up with a new solution: Why not just increase the die size by several times, put the RAM off of the chip and onto the motherboard so we can have more of, and allow peripheral devices like GPU to allow for upgradable compute capacity. Lots of people approved until-
***NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!*** Raspberry Core shouted. We can't do that! If we did, we'd increase energy consumption beyond 5W!! People would stop using computers because it is too expensive!
There was a contentious debate. Are you a small-pi-er? Or an big-pi-er? 
Small piers attacked big piers "You can't scale like that forever! There's a hard limit on how large you can make the die!"
"It won't work! To handle the demands of the newest Gen. 3 software you'd need a million watts! Nobody can afford that! You'd make it so nobody could afford a pi except the big corporations!"
"Creators of Blueberry Pi are attacking the Raspberry Pi! They are the creators of this virus!"
Big piers attacked small piers "Your computer is unusable! You can only one one program at once! Look at us running 5 programs"
"Power, schmower, I'm only reading 40W consumption over here"
"Raspberry Core is intentionally holding computing back! They're evil!"
On and on and on. So what happened next?
The big-pi crowd went on to create the Blueberry Pi, a next-generation computer with a power consumption of 400W, and a linear increase in computing power. It could handle the current demands of programs. That is, until the next generation of programs came out. The Blueberry Pi came up with a new solution, a 40,000W computer the size of a dresser. And when the 4th generation computers came out, and people were sick of buying bigger and bigger computers, they proposed a server-and-terminal model, where every city would have one 40,000,000 W computer, connected to terminals which people could access for a fee. Except of course that never happened, the system was shut down when the one and only deployment of the 40MW computer was cancelled by the city for being 'too disruptive'. The blueberry pi died out and users gave up.
The small-pi crowd continued to wait for Raspberry Core. And Raspberry Core did eventually come up with solutions, but they took time, and the demands of software continued to grow. The community found that by the time the next scaling solution was implemented, usage demands had already grown beyond what it could provide. Eventually users gave up.
Because a new type of computer was developed, rising from the ashes. It was called a PC, available in desktop, laptop, tablet, and later even phone form factors. It used the 5nm transistor (only 40nm was reached though) from Raspberry Core, and the large-die, off-chip RAM, and peripheral computing ideas from Blueberry Pi. The PC, unlike the Raspberry or Blueberry Pis, could answer the computing demands of programs *now* without being prohibitively expensive.
True, the PC had a much higher power usage than the Pi, almost a hundred times higher in some cases, but users were happy to accept the added cost. Why? Because it was valuable to them. You needed a PC to participate in a global network of PCs called the internet (far larger than any networks achieved by the Pi), and the value of the internet in providing information and entertainment was unmatched by any other solution.
...The moral of my made-up story here (which nobody will probably read), is that the idea that we can only do one or the other is false. 1MB is not enough, no matter how much you pile on top of it. Conversely, not implementing lightning is a death sentence for scaling. 
People will bear the additional cost of running the bitcoin software when we increase the block size because it is useful software - it allows trustless participation in a global transaction network. But if we don't increase the block size, it won't matter that it's cheaper. Nobody is going to run software for a payment network they don't use, what's the incentive?
Only horizontal scaling = tragedy of the commons, costs borne by the network rise until it is unsustainable.
Only vertical scaling = ivory tower that only the rich inhabit, costs borne by the user (fees) are too high and nobody wants to use it
A balanced scaling model = everyone that can be served is. Banking the unbanked.
@_date: 2018-01-24 03:54:41
Because litecoin blocks happen four times as fast and therefore can handle four times the transactions. Linear scaling is still scaling.
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:02:01
The exchanges are neither adapting or losing customers.
@_date: 2018-01-29 04:31:16
All forks co-opt the name of the original. That's why they're called forks. Forking is a key capability of the blockchain technology.
You're not persuading anyone, you're making its supporters mad by asserting that they're malicious and cancerous. That's not going to convince anyone of anything except for maybe that you're mean. Convincing requires a dialogue, something that I haven't seen from you this entire comment thread, and I'm not even a bcash supporter/user (sold mine at $800).
If you can't see that, nothing deserves to happen to you since I'm not some crazy fundamentalist, but it makes me sad.
@_date: 2018-01-29 04:20:35
...what's your point? Blockchains aren't businesses, have a business, or are a company. They're incomparable concepts.
@_date: 2018-01-29 04:04:20


At least respond to the core point of my post of you're going to make my inbox orange.
@_date: 2018-01-12 22:53:24
You have to admit this is an edge case though - this tx was sent using already consolidated UTXO. The real savings are not that high because to get that 99 BTC input they probably had to create a tx with dozens of deposit UTXOs as inputs.
@_date: 2018-01-08 02:06:47
I know. 
Here's the relationship:
Incentive to run a node = have transactions trustlessly verified
Who runs nodes? Businesses, hobbyists, and users that care enough.
What do businesses, bitcoin hobbyists, and bitcoin users have in common? They use the bitcoin network to transact bitcoins.
The harder it is to transact bitcoin, the less incentive people have to run a node. If some 50,000 new businesses accepted bitcoin on the daily, that would mean thousands of new nodes. New payment providers would crop up which would also run nodes physically and virtually across the world to check for double spends. 
I have a copy of the bitcoin core software on my computer. Actually, I have it on two computers. It runs on neither computer. Why? I stopped using bitcoin the moment I sent my entire stack to an exchange. It because useless to transact and only useful to day trade and to sell for *fiat*.
The difference between 1MB and, say 16MB (an insane increase, I myself support a 4MB max increase, preferring 2) is the difference between raspberry pis and shitty laptops you bought for $400 in 2012 not being able to run bitcoin. I think that businesses, hobbyists, and the average bitcoin user are not going to cry that that stops being possible.
User costs through fees matter.
@_date: 2018-01-28 21:41:38
You can't draw diagrams of block propagation because there isn't even a cost to opening up a TCP connection with a bitcoin full node. Unlike lightning, where opening a channel costs real money and thus there's a limit to the amount of channels people can open. If I want to route around asshole bitcoin full nodes that reject my transactions, all I need is the IP of some non-asshole full nodes (given that there are thousands... not an issue). With lightning? Open up that wallet.
@_date: 2018-01-08 20:28:58
Yeah except Bitcoin Life 3 is in public domain, so anyone can fork it and fix it themselves.
@_date: 2018-01-04 01:24:00


* Segwit is at 10% adoption, and has been there for months now
* Schnor (sp?) is still in the conceptual stage due to the fact that it's unproven cryptography
* MAST is MIA, for the time being
* Lightning is beta software with zero percent adoption
* And those are just the high-profile ones. Sidechains, treechains, and other solutions you can find by reading the bitcoin mailing list are still on the drawing board.
"a ***possible*** blocksize increase when the other scaling solutions are exhausted" effectively means 'you won't see a blocksize increase until 2020', and that's being generous, depending on how you interpret '''exhausted'''
Given the rate of adoption on segwit, I'm not holding my breath bitcoin tx throughput will have even gone up 50% by then.
@_date: 2018-01-08 02:20:26
Keep trolling, I guess.
@_date: 2018-01-24 14:06:26
I'm not suggesting it isn't. I was referring to the sentence at the very start of the parent's post where (s)he said 'The cost of a full node is not my only concern. '
They then went on to list 5 things that exclusively dealt with the cost of running a node (and two that didn't).
@_date: 2018-01-08 02:25:27
The adoption graph looks like a straight line to me, but whatever.
Also hi luke.
@_date: 2018-01-08 02:18:30
Do you want to get your point across or be an asshole?
@_date: 2018-01-23 22:15:06
The problem is microwallets have to be *ultimately redeemable*. If I can't create a transaction to send it to a macrowallet, then the microwallet is valueless.
To redeem bitcoins there is this concept of a redeemscript. This is fancy bitcoin terminology of having public and private keys. You could of course have a valid public key but simply *not* have a corresponding private key, but that means that **you can't redeem your coins**. To create a private key you must know it, period. There is no way to prove that you don't know something. 
If you know the private key, you can spend it. Telling someone else the private key means they can spend it too, but not at the expense of you. Meaning it's a race of who can make a transaction first.
@_date: 2018-01-21 11:06:55
Honestly luke, what are you on? Really.
Anyone with an even trivial understanding of economics, or hell, *mathematics* knows what you're saying is wrong.
Raising general fee levels requires filling blocks. Let's say your hypothesis is true and that with out the mAlIsIoUs SpAmMeRs blocks wouldn't be full. You want 300kb blocks so we'll go with that.
So there's 300KB of 'real' demand every 10 minutes. the remaining 700kb must be filled by the spammer(s)
According to Johoe's Bitcoin Mempool Statistics, general feel levels exceeded 100sat per byte for about a month starting from december 8th. A month of blocks is (144 * 30 = 4320) MB
*As we all know*, 70% of the transactions in those blocks are spam and fake news. That means the spammer(s) broadcast 3GB of 100+ sat/byte transactions in a single month for a total minimum cost of 3000 bitcoins, or, at current prices, $36 million USD. (Real costs higher due to a ~70kb added by present segwit adoption)
Of course, if the attacker was a miner, they would have recouped some of those costs at a similar (but slightly greater) proportion as to their proportion of the network hashrate.
But I think it's obvious where I'm going with this. If you go ahead and assume that most of the demand comes from spammers, than increasing the blocksize makes their attack trivially more costly. The segwit increase to ~1.7-2MB would mean the attacker's costs *double*. That's another 36 million every month. There is a proportional relationship between attacker's costs and blocksize.
Frankly, knowing these facts, the idea that spammers are responsible for fee issues and the idea that increasing the blocksize won't help is ridiculous.
An interesting test of your theory is going to be segwit adoption I think. If witness size starts to consistently go over 150-250 kilobytes, than that would destroy it as that would mean real user demand exceeds 300kb of transactions. After all, attackers have no incentive to adopt segwit, since their goal is to fill blocks. A weight unit is a weight unit, regardless of transaction type.
@_date: 2018-01-29 04:08:05
This post doesn't mention Roger Ver or any bcash developers, or any specific bcash supporters.
Thanks for being an ass to me though.
@_date: 2018-01-23 22:26:59




Doesn't affect anyone but people who run nodes


Doesn't affect anyone but people who run nodes


Doesn't affect anyone but people who run nodes.


Doesn't... really?


...literally relating to the cost of running a full node. 
Considering that 5/7 of your reasons directly relate to node operation, I'd say that it's your main concern is a valid point.
More to the point, listing these problems does nothing to refute point at all. 'Oh no, I'm not worried about node cost, I'm worried about the factors that contribute to node cost'. 
Everyone who's been on this sub longer than an hour has heard 'big blocks = higher node costs' *we know*. The point is that the cost is vastly exaggerated. Should we have 1GB blocks? No that would be fucking stupid. Should we have 100MB blocks? No, that would also be really dumb
How about... 2MB! 1.5MB! (base size).  The fact is that these small increases won't really affect anything at all in any *practical way*. The loss of maybe 1% of people running nodes on pis (likely still possible with 2MB... less so with 3,4,etc) will be vastly offset by the people who are actually able to use bitcoin due to the increase in transaction capacity. 
Only people who use bitcoin to transact money will run nodes. Decreasing node costs to zero at the expense of transaction throughput is not a solution.
Forking however, the only other thing not relating to node costs that you mentioned, is a real issue. I'd like to point out however, that people have been bringing up this issue *since 2013*, expressly stating 'we should do this now so we don't end up having to rush it', ie, the exact situation we're in now. 
Let's say you're right and the concept of a hard fork is just too damn impossible to do. Shouldn't we at least have a crack at *planning one*? At least *trying something?*
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:02:54
They're actually ~60% the price of non-segwit transactions.\
Transaction Weight = witness bytes + non-witness bytes * 4.
Non-witness bytes still make up much of the transaction.
If the blocks were full of non-multisig segwit P2SH transactions, we'd have blocks of about 1.7MB. With a healthy amount of multisig we'd see maybe 2MB on a good block every now and then.
@_date: 2018-01-21 06:32:26
What are you even talking about? I'm reindexing my full node right now to enable -txindex. I started 6 hours ago and it's halfway done.
It's a laptop, and the chain is on an honest-to-god spinning platter 7200rpm hard drive. 
"Over 1 week" It didn't even take that long to sync in the first place.
@_date: 2018-01-08 02:51:51
Seems like they're making plenty of money to me.
@_date: 2018-01-09 11:05:00
Yeah the OP was definitely implying that we should go back to having free transaction and there's definitely not a compromise between the crazy fee market we have now and totally free transactions.
@_date: 2018-01-29 04:00:12
Then attack the shady marketing and Roger Ver, not cash as a concept. Fighting fire with fire just makes everything more toxic.
This post is stupid.
@_date: 2018-01-29 04:15:36
You're not stopping it though. By asserting that bcash supporters are malicious and bad people, you just make them more fervent in their beliefs. 
This isn't 'radiation', it's a shitty meme. Get real. The only thing this does is rile them up.
@_date: 2018-01-07 19:08:05
"The product is fine, it's the *users* that are wrong"
Bro, look. I'm not the person above, but I'll speak as someone who uses segwit, batches my sends when I can, uses a segwit-enabled exchange (CEX.IO).
It doesn't fucking matter that it's the user's fault or whatever. Bitcoin is demonstrably being negatively affected by our unwillingness to give people breathing room. Right now, the incentives are changing. It's easier for people to sit it out in fiat or adopt an altcoin rather than champion segwit adoption to feet-dragging providers like coinbase and segwit.
It is a failure of the bitcoin developers to proactively keep the currency usable until their 'perfect' solutions are all ready.
@_date: 2018-01-24 10:43:06
Yeah it is postponing. It's also scaling. Other than the negative connotation of word 'postponing', I don't get your argument at all. 
We live in the real world where stop-gap solutions are sometimes necessary.
@_date: 2018-01-12 23:22:05
I just think it's worth mentioning that an exchange absolutely *must* broadcast transactions with the total amount of deposit UTXOs + change created every batch transaction, not just one big input that they have built up.
ie, for every input, there must be an ouput.
@_date: 2018-01-24 04:21:51
Litecoin, as most people point around here, is bitcoin with a few perks. Implementing it isn't hard - indeed, a large amount of people who previously accepted bitcoin now accept litcoin in tandem. BitPay is also adding litecoin support I believe, and bitpay (no matter how much we hate them for implementing bcash) accounts for a significant amount of bitcoin merchants.
Existing hashrate really only concerns the miners and their massive sunk costs. Litecoin is far more resistant to miner foul play as it doesn't have the china/ASIC manufacturer centralization issue.
Developers will follow the users. If there is a large consensus shift, then I imagine only a few will continue to fight to the bitter end.
It's foolish to think bitcoin is irreplacable. First mover advantage helps, but it doesn't make you invincible. It evolves or it dies. Those are the options.
(Disclaimer: I am long on bitcoin. I hope to god it succeeds. But I'm not a permabull who screams HODL against any possible criticism)
@_date: 2018-01-24 07:06:18
Miners want higher total fees, and they also want to ensure their future income stays stable so they can repay their sunk costs. 
Increasing the blocksize by any practical amount (ie, 1.5, 2, 4MB. Not 8MB+ like bcash) will only have a temporary decrease in fees, but in the long run the increased adoption *will* fill those blocks again. Except this time around the average fee required to support the network decreases, but the miners don't care because they get to mine more fee-paying transactions (All roughly speaking. Lots of variables to this equation to be sure)
Insane average fees may be good for miners in the short run, but the affect it has on bitcoin's image isn't good for the miners. Remember, their profit is (subsidy + fees) \* *the bitcoin/fiat exchange rate*. Furthermore, insane fees couldn't persist because people would move away from bitcoin (as they have done here in this post), which only further hurts miner profits by reducing the exchange rate and total fees.
@_date: 2018-01-29 04:13:03
That's a terrible, polarizing attitude. Fighting a flame-war against people who are ignorant and not malicious is not how you make things better, it's how you make things worse.
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:43:23
That's all entirely irrelevant to anything me or the original OP said.
edit: hehe 'original OP'.
@_date: 2018-01-04 04:01:05
Credits *will* do fine.
@_date: 2018-01-08 02:13:10
Okay, so where's your support for 10kb blocks and a 200sat/byte min-relay fee.
I'm serious. If we're going to dump practicality from this equation than we should make it so bitcoin can run on an arduino and an old android phone from 2012. That's accessible as possible.
Or fucking not. Accessible as possible would be having as many users as possible ***actually using bitcoin***. As in, sending and receiving payments. ***Nobody will run a node unless they intend to actually use the network***.
@_date: 2018-01-24 10:05:00


Yeah everyone and my grandma already knows this. This isn't I'm not sure why this is the go-to point when pretty much everyone here accepts that permanent on-chain scaling (to 1GB+ absurd blocks) is not feasible and would destroy the economics that make bitcoin decentralized.
The argument is that litecoin works *now* while Bitcoin does not. It's larger capacity gives breathing room until further solutions are developed.


No it wouldn't because that's not how transaction fees work. Transaction fees like this occur when demand absurdly outstrips limited supply like they do now. Doubling the block size immediately would basically kill the mempool until bitcoin usage doubled, and even then tx fees wouldn't become absurd until we had sat at that limit for some time. (Hopefully by then, L2 would be closer)
Edit: (I mean seriously. Look at litecoin tx fees. Even normalizing for higher fiat prices they aren't $7 lmao)
@_date: 2018-01-29 04:18:18
Not responding to anything I said.
@_date: 2018-01-29 00:46:10
I can assure you, all X aren't Y.
@_date: 2018-01-24 13:53:26
Everyone knows this. Nobody but is suggesting we increase it forever. This is a stop-gap solution until solutions that scale efficiently are completed and deployed fully. 
Edit: and fyi, transaction demand doesn't square with the number of participants unto forever. Once the network reaches a critical mass, adding new users affects a linear increase not a quadratic one as there are limits on consumer demand.
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:09:47
How am I deflecting? The only other part of your 'argument' is that USD prices = higher USD fees. Like...ok? So you're saying there's a maximum USD price of bitcoin before it becomes unusable? Not exactly a vote of confidence. 
My original comment was regarding how there's a compromise between the insane fee market that we have now and having literally infinite blocks/free transactions. It was your comment that was 'deflecting', if anything. USD prices and exchanges have little to do with compromising costs.
@_date: 2018-01-07 08:23:39
What's the difference between increasing it now vs one year down the line? I've yet to hear an answer to that.
@_date: 2018-01-12 22:48:53
People like agreeing with eachother.
@_date: 2018-01-29 04:47:42


But what about the droid attack on the wookiees?
Okay seriously though. You're trying to convince people. I'm not saying you're worse than Roger, I'm saying you're stooping to their level by becoming so belligerent and contributing to their flame war.
You want to *actually* convince people? Buck up and do the hard work. Hard work requires actually understanding their position, and trying to reason with them that their points are wrong. You'll have to remain levelheaded even when you're neck deep in shit, as internet arguments often get. 
This meme isn't 'spreading good information', it's a stupid attack that attacks the wrong people. It exists to make laugh and nothing more. It burns a bridge to any potential bcash converts by asserting that they're scammers who are trying to do something bad, when really the average bcash guy is just some poor soul who got sucked into Ver's propaganda, and perpetuates his lies.
@_date: 2018-01-29 04:25:36
I'm not defending bcash. Trying to convince me bcash is bad and you're some how righteous for 'slaying the beast' or 'curing the cancer' with crappy meming is a fools errand, since bcash being good or bad has literally nothing to do with my original comment.
@_date: 2017-12-29 23:26:14
Show me another crypto where the naive user ends up paying $10-$30 dollars USD in fees just for a simple send.
I'll wait.
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:26:15
I don't know the exact history, but from what I've heard (prove me wrong at your own peril) this narrative you're pushing is one that the product of rose-tinted glasses. Lots of people wanted a 2x upgrade, to the point where they were ready to split the network (and subsequently lost all their support because they were so damn aggressive and... in your words, were shortsighted), and there was no attempt to negotiate from the Core Developers who aren't in control of network consensus but generally are considered to be the leaders in what happens next in the bitcoin sphere (if that makes any sense? Support for the segwit soft-fork, for example, didn't come from the community. It came from the developers which then the community adopted.) 
(segwit is great btw, don't confuse me with those bcash trolls)
@_date: 2018-01-08 02:17:21
That's literally incoherent.
@_date: 2017-12-31 11:50:17
It's the unfortunate reality that people do this for everything. People have a greater emotional incentive to look for supporting evidence then they do to look for evidence that debunks their position. Big-blockers, small-blockers, and medium blockers alike.
@_date: 2017-12-30 13:13:01
Barely, but yes. Native segwit moves the entire input over into the witness data as I recall, saving you a few more bytes? I don't remember the exact difference off of my head. 
@_date: 2017-12-31 22:15:13
Well, if it's unconfirmed that's why your funds aren't showing. Your backdated wallet isn't an issue.
@_date: 2017-12-30 01:01:01
1,000,000 sat/b 
just to be sure.
@_date: 2017-12-06 23:53:27
Can not confirm. Bought Star Wars Battlefront II (classic) on it not one week ago.
@_date: 2017-12-31 18:46:12


It depends on how you define 'attack'.
Right now there are 1MB worth of transactions on bitcoin on average basically all the time. The mempool hasn't been clear since forever. Broadcasting more transactions would fill up the queue, but wouldn't really increase resource usage by nodes. It is impossible to 'attack' bitcoin in this manner because the network is already at-capacity. Nobody is attacking bitcoins to fill up space on your hard drive.
However, the mass-broadcast of transactions on bitcoin has a much more serious effect. While it doesn't increase the cost of running a node, it *does* increase the cost of actually using the currency. Because bitcoin blocks would be practically full anyway even at 'modest' fee levels of 50-100 sat/byte (amazing what you can get used too....), I can artificially rise fees to that level by only broadcasting a few megabytes of tx at that fee level. People will raise their fee levels to compete. If I am a miner with a non-negligible portion of the hashpower, this can be profitable for me. 
On bcash, the fundamentals are reversed. Blocks aren't full by default, and therefore broadcasting transactions can increase the effective blocksize up to 8 megabytes. However bcash have already accepted that level of blocksize, so that isn't a problem for them.
Meanwhile, doing a fee attack on bcash would be basically impossible right now. You'd have to practically fill every block with megabytes worth of your transactions. Even at a modest fee level of 10 sat/byte and an assumption that bcash blocks are 50% full (they aren't), than I'd need to pay .4 BCH every 10 minutes. That's ~140k a day to raise fees to a seventh of what they currently are on the bitcoin network. To create the fee conditions that have persisted for a month on the bitcoin network, I'd need millions. Millions I wouldn't recover even if I had a non-negligible (but below 51% levels) of the hashrate.
Bitcoin does everything it can to protect nodes. Bcash protects the users. Obviously we need a balance between the two but it isn't so black-and-white.
@_date: 2017-12-31 11:13:07


I'm not even a big lightning fan and I can tell this is low grade repeated FUD. Whether it's 'the same idea' as a prepaid credit card or not isn't actually relevant. What *is* relevant is that lightning allows for repeated micropayments through payment channels, which helps alleviate the scaling issue without sacrificing the core principles of bitcoin (lightning transactions are backed by on-chain transactions)
While I *am* in favor of an immediate blocksize increase (1MB forever? no thanks), increasing on-chain capacity is not a permanent scaling solution. Eventually blocks will reach a point that is excessive even for an enthusiast. Whether we increase it or not (even all the way to 8MB), we'll still need L2 solutions. With 1MB, bitcoin can barely handle the tx volume of a city. With 8 MB, it could handle 8 cities. How many cities do you think there are?
@_date: 2017-12-02 09:41:11
It's not terrible advice when bitcoin can swing 15% over the course of a day. The volatility is real. One hour the world can be ending as we crash 'all the way back to 9k' and the next hour it's the next stop to the moon at 11k. Like, setting a stop loss at -25% is one thing, a big correction is expected in the future to compensate for bitcoin's overvaluation, but setting a stop loss at 9k when the price is ~10.5 is crazy.
@_date: 2017-12-30 12:57:42
Crazy huh. I buy bitcoin and stubbornly insist on actually being able to use it as a transaction medium as opposed to a speculative vehicle to sell back into fiat. I'm a madwoman, you might as well lock me up now.
@_date: 2017-12-22 02:16:53


No I do not believe the sky is red. Just because I don't believe the sky is red doesn't mean I think it's purple.
Let's say segwit adoption follows the trend and increases a generous 10% every three months. That'll give us 20-30 MB of new space every month for about two years. Bitcoin is growing faster then that, and the fees and mempool state show this. Transaction batching has been around for years. More sites implementing it won't get us space quickly either.
What you're basically suggesting is that we leave bitcoin's future in the hands of developers who have been historically lazy, dragging their feet to implement what is effectively free money for them. Repeat: Segwit adoption is at 10%. 
Sure, if everything went your way than our problems would be alleviated for a short time (segwit + tx batching = a *generous* 2.25x throughput increase). But we don't know that. In fact, there's every indication that things *aren't* going your way. Fees are going up not down. And people are sick of it.
Bitcoin is suffering because we're too prideful to implement even a modest blocksize increase. People are forking bitcoin because of this creating fear and confusion. Fact. Bitcoin fees are now costing over $10 per simple tx to the naive user. Fact. Darknet markets are moving away to alts. Fact. Bitcoin adoption in retail has stagnated. Fact. Bitcoin dominance has been on the fall. Fact.
Why are we not implementing this change? Why? Are we really so afraid even 1.5 MB blocks (which we'll end up needing anyway, even with LN) will destroy our wondrous bitcoin vision? Come on.
@_date: 2017-12-31 13:00:30
So rational people can't believe other rational people are wrong? 
@_date: 2017-12-30 13:05:33
Not true. Segwit gets me about ~60 sat a byte now, unless I use P2WSH which nobody supports. Lightning has been coming for a long time. We've known about the 1MB scaling limit for years and have been having this scaling debate since the last bubble. 
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:54:58
Do you have a txid?
@_date: 2017-12-13 14:17:18
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:35:27
@_date: 2017-12-31 20:12:15


Actually *the opposite is true*. Having a PoW with high barriers to entry means the few people who can produce mining ASICs could *easily* do a 51% attack on the network. Making it so everyone can mine doesn't change the economics at all (lots of people will still mine to compete for block reward + fees), but makes it so that some semiconductor fabricator can't rule the network if they wanted.


Why not? Lower block sizes will mean nobody can use it, true, *but* it would be much easier to run a node! I have bitcoin core installed on my computer, but I only run it to sync every few weeks or whenever I need to broadcast a transaction because it sucks RAM and makes my CPU fan spin. I want lower block sizes now!
Edit: I'm actually not joking about the former. I really do have bitcoin core installed but don't run it because it's annoying.


Okay but this doesn't answer my question at all. An immediate 2MB increase to the base block size wouldn't affect decentralization in any meaningful way. There are papers that suggest that the actual limit is closer to 8MB but personally I think 2-4 MB is fine, especially since *on-chain* transaction volume probably wouldn't even fill those up.


Right whatever, but you're suggesting people are 'attacking bitcoin' (which has a 1MB blocksize limit) by filling the blocks to 1MB. This attack doesn't benefit an attacker at all, unless they have some bloodlusted hatred for node operators. Increasing fees is the only attack that either politically (segwit2x/bcash advocation) or economically (miner fees) makes sense. 
@_date: 2017-12-30 13:16:33
Now you know how the rest of us feel about lightning.
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:46:55


We don't have as much as possible. If you really wanted as much as possible, you'd be advocating for lower block sizes and higher min-relay limits. You'd be advocating for a proof-of-work algorithm that doesn't require special hardware designed by a few corporations to run profitably.
8MB blocks don't require datacenters. 2MB blocks don't require datacenters. Why the vehement opposition?
Edit: And on what planet are people spamming the blockchain to increase block sizes? People who hate nodes? Lmao. The only way a spam attack would make people care is if it raised fees.
@_date: 2017-12-24 12:14:14
Yeah this was exactly it for me. If you gave me a button that would double the blocksize, I'd smash the shit out of it. But segwit 2x/NYA was done in a way that was confrontational and adversarial to legacy bitcoin, like bcash. Bitcoin infighting where one person tries to hijack development is not helpful and will ultimately scare people away from the technology.
While it is a pipe dream, I hope the Core devs get over their pride or whatever is keeping them from doing quick fix and raise the block size by some amount (even if it is just to 1.5MB) some point in the future, hopefully before this bubble we're in bursts. 
If we could unite behind some kind of simple blocksize increase, no matter how small, it would be extremely bullish for bitcoin in my opinion, it would both solve our short term issues and show that we have the resolve to keep this currency usable until long term solutions come along.
@_date: 2017-12-31 22:17:45
Nope, no issue. If it never confirms you have options to resend a new tx with a higher fee. Your coins are not lost!
@_date: 2017-12-26 12:53:25
cex.io has deployed P2SH segwit, but does not batch.
@_date: 2017-12-31 11:37:39
I'm not in any position of power nor am I trying to create any sort of authoritative vote. I am just curious what the numbers are.
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:19:56


Putting words in my mouth. I don't care if 10%, 20% support something. It's still not happening. I used 'core developers' clearly as a plural. Can you stop accusing *me* of being disingenuous when at the very least you are as well?
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:19:02
I agree bcash is dumb. They've divided the community and tried to usurp bitcoin with a alternative that is inferior (no segwit). But on this specific issue they aren't the devil at the moment.
@_date: 2017-12-31 10:35:01
The real question is why did BitPay decide to implement this at all? As if there aren't enough problems with noobs trying to transfer bitcoin already, now they decide to create more complications?
...unless this is a prelude to segwit adoption? Here's hoping.
@_date: 2017-12-02 10:49:22
Segwit is a shortened version of "Segregated Witness"
Basically, bitcoin transactions have this thing called a signature. The signature uses cryptography to prove that the person sending the transaction really owned the bitcoin. (This is what makes bitcoin secure and 'unhackable')
Segregated Witness takes part of this signature and segregates it from the rest of the block data, as it is unnecessary for everyone to have a copy of every signature in every bitcoin transaction. 
This allows bitcoin to have bigger blocks. In fact, if every transaction used segwit, bitcoin would regularly see 2MB+ blocks. 1MB of that being the actual transactions with the rest being witness data (the actual specifics depends on something called 'block weight', but that isn't important to understand the basic concept).
Currently segwit support is fairly recent. You can tell when someone is using segwit because their addresses will start with a '3'. If you use the satoshi client (Bitcoin Core, download on the sidebar), you can create your own segwit addresses using a console command (GUI support coming in the next update).
Currently about 10% of all bitcoin transactions use segwit.
@_date: 2017-12-31 20:56:52
51% attack isn't the only kind of attack. Miner centralization means network consensus is held hostage by the few major mining pools. Or are we forgetting what happened literally two months ago with segwit2x? How they had support of the miners but not the community? It wouldn't have been an issue if the community *were* the miners.
The economics of an attack is proportional to how much money is used to sustain the network. If only 100k of electricity per year is used to sustain the network, than it would only take 101k a year + capital to perform a 51% attack. You are arguing that the high capital cost is where the bitcoin network derives its security from, but it's not. The huge amount of money input into mining is. The high initial capital cost means that ASIC manufacturer's like bitmain or large mining pools can exert undue control on network consensus.
You're effectively arguing that monopolistic competition protects the network from someone buying a monopoly on hashpower. If there were no barriers to entry, resulting in about as true of a free market than you could get, the amount of people CPU/GPU mining bitcoin would far exceed any botnet.




If you're going to insult me like an asshole, at least articulate yourself properly. 'A potential future' 'even 2mb'.


If the core developers supported an immediate increase then they would have announced such. Do I need to dig up the mailing list where they are celebrating the results of the fee market?
@_date: 2017-12-27 02:48:51
The ongoing cost is low, but the capital cost is high. To run an LN node, you need to put tie up a lot of your money so that you can send it through to other nodes. Sure, you'll get this money back, but you can't just withdraw it whenever you want, you have to wait until you can close the channel(s). If I'm a pleb with 0.1 BTC, sure I *could* technically run a lightning node, but that node would be able to process at most 0.1 BTC worth of tx in either direction. In the meantime, I'd have no bitcoin to spend for myself, or at least significantly reduced amount.
It sort of becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy that plebs won't run nodes. No average joe will dedicate all of their funds to allow users to 24/7 send and recieve payments, and other average joes will pay a huge on-chain tx fee to set up a channel with you if your node can process hardly any payments.
Thus most nodes you connect too will probably end up being hubs. You'll open up a channel with them that is send-only (you commit what you want, they commit nothing) and the hub has huge large-commit nodes with the other hubs, and 'receiver' nodes to merchants who have a majority of their transactions receiving instead of sending.
Between the networking effect and the large capital cost, I would expect the amount of used nodes to be (relatively) low, around the amount of full nodes that exist today.
@_date: 2017-12-29 20:14:49
No flair. The fees suck.
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:57:47
Okay but as I recall there was a concerted effort to increase the blocksize. It was called the New York Agreement (NYA). As per the name, they held a conference in New York. From what I've heard, Core was invited but didn't even attend. I cannot accept that Core has no responsibility in matters relating to changes in their software.
Let's be fucking honest here. If Core had shown full support for 2x, then it would have gone through without a hitch. The main reason for  is that it was a contentious hardfork, not that 2mb is the devil.
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:12:48
I recently went through this battle. It's annoying but I finally figured it out. Go to  then INSPECT ELEMENT to go into the javascript console. Coinb.in uses a javascript library to process bitcoin commands.
Presumably, you have a private key in its import format. Here's a [visual guide]( on how to turn that into an address using a brand new key (you start with 'coinjs.wif2pubkey')
Basically, there is no such thing as a 'segwit private key'. They same keypair can be used to make any type of bitcoin address. To generate an address, all you need is the public key. Thus, you turn your WIF (how your private key is probably stored on your paper wallet) into a public key, and then your public key to a segwit address.
To spend your coins, create a new transaction on coinb.in and use the redeemscript that was outputted in the coinjs.segwitaddress call. If your address has any unspent outputs, you'll be able to create a new tx from the site.
Coinb.in can be used to do the verification process offline, but the sending process is obviously online.
@_date: 2017-12-30 13:20:51
So do I. The pessimist in me says otherwise. I'll be sad if bitcoin finally loses its plurality over the refusal to change even a little what was an arbitrary number in the first place.
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:12:25
There is no increase planned. Read up on the december bitcoin mailing list if you want, the information is all public. There you can see them cracking the champagne at the network congestion the 1MB limit has created. 
There is no increase planned.
@_date: 2017-12-31 11:41:28
I'll be honest I didn't expect the Nakamoto Inquisition to arrive. It was... unexpected.
@_date: 2017-12-31 22:19:57


They did! They were invited to the consensus conference but they didn't attend. Left with no other recourse, the 2x people trucked on anyway. That was wrong, I agree. But that doesn't mean Core are the angels of this situation either.
@_date: 2017-12-31 11:47:38
Ok that's nice but I'm still interested. It's just a strawpoll, not a UN resolution. 
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:04:48
It doesn't matter if one guy thinks so. The bottom line is there is no increase planned.




Now you're the one not reading.
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:26:53


Not at all what that statement meant. It clearly stated in context that it was more expensive to raise fees on the bcash chain.


What are you smoking. Decentralization and security aren't things that you can turn ON and OFF. Having 1MB+ blocks doesn't suddenly turn our decentralization to zero, and having &lt;1MB blocks doesn't suddenly turn it to 100%.
I hate to break it to you mate, but bitcoin has *already* lost decentralization. What is full decentralization? When everyone runs a node. But not everyone runs a node. In fact, very few people comparative to the amount of users run nodes (but nominally, still a lot). But this is okay because not everyone needs to run nodes. Bitcoin is not fully decentralized by any metric. Most people use SPV wallets or online wallets because running a full wallet is too complicated. Most of our mining power is centralized due to the creation of ASICs and the economies of scale that come with that. Hell, even the distribution of coins themselves is centralized. Bitcoin is only decentralized if you wear rose-tinted glasses.
You want max decentralization? *lower the block size to 10kb. Set min-relay fee to 50sat/byte*, with those constraints, even your average smart phone could run a full bitcoin node with no trouble. Hell, I could run it on my old pentium II desktop. Are we doing that? No. Because that would be really stupid and make the currency literally useless. Conversely, the opposite is also stupid. Having 1GB blocks would mean that almost nobody could run a node. There is *clearly* a balance here.
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:49:32
Let me break this down for you. Segwit is not being adopted. Transactions are not being batched. You can scream all you want about how it's 'the user's fault' but when the sun sets BTC fees are hilariously high and rising. It doesn't matter who's fault it is.
We have two choices, alleviate this issue *now* with little to no cost, or watch bitcoin bleed market share as it becomes less and less useful.
@_date: 2017-12-30 00:08:56
The memory pool spikes all the time due to probability and block inconsistencies. Things might look good when you send your tx but if the next block takes 20 minutes to be mined you'll start to get buried under the even higher-paying transactions.
@_date: 2017-12-31 13:46:47
The poll is asking about an immediate change.
If I may ask, why would you be opposed to an immediate change? What are the downsides that exist now that won't exist later?
@_date: 2017-12-31 13:17:22
No, addresses starting with '3' are backwards compatible with all bitcoin clients. Just send it and you're good. Grats on the Nano S!
@_date: 2017-11-25 21:55:17
Hash functions and block ciphers are quantum resistant because they don't rely on underlying mathematics to ensure their security, they're simply computational tricks to mix up data (though methods to reduce ciphers like AES to a series of equations have been proposed, they are barely more efficient than brute-force).
Quantum computers *do* have a way to speed that up, but it's a one trick pony. They can turn a 256 bit hash into a 128 using a quantum search algorithm. 128 bits is already well considered intractable. 
The difference between ECDSA and hash functions is that quantum computers can break ECDSA and many other 'asymmetric' encryption systems in *polynomial* time. This means as you increase the key size, the work you have to do to break it grows slowly. We want it to take a lot of work to break.
Hash functions and ciphers however will always be exponential-time to quantum computers. This means doubling the hash size from 2^256 bits to 2^512 bits won't just double my security. It'll increase it by 2^256 *times*. A quantum computer can half that exponent back down to 2^256 again, but that's still wayyy to big to break.
@_date: 2017-11-24 02:09:25
Yes. Your private key is like your credit card. It doesn't contain the money, it's your method of accessing your 'account'. The 'accounts' are all stored publicly on the blockchain (check it out at blockchain.info). If you *just so happen* to print an exactly identical credit card than one that has already been used, you will be able to access whatever is in the account.
The chances are as you may imagine astronomically low, however. If memory serves private keys are around 200 bits long (2^200 possibilities), and even in the future the amount of addresses that actually contain money will only number in the billions (2^~30).
Another way of thinking about these odds is that the chances of you creating a wallet with money in it are the same as the chances of you hacking someone else's wallet with one single brute-force attempt. 
@_date: 2017-11-25 00:38:38
Hi, I went to your site and attempted to buy one, but the only option is PayPal? How does one purchase for bitcoins?
@_date: 2017-11-28 05:27:51
Do not worry. *Your coins are not lost*. Even in the absolute worst-case scenario (min-fee tx) your coins are still recoverable. 
Bitcoin transactions are confirmed when they are included in blocks. Blocks happen once every 10 minutes and confirm one megabyte of transactions. Extra transactions are put in this place called the 'mempool'. The mempool is a giant list of transactions that are going to get confirmed next.
Transactions are confirmed in order of fees. It's an auction. Higher fees get served first. Right now [fees are generally above 100 sat/byte]( Your transaction has a fee of [29.92 sat/byte]( This means it'll take a while before all the transactions 'above' you with higher fees get confirmed.
Sit tight. It was only 2 days ago that the average required confirmation fee was 5 sat/byte, way lower than your fee of ~30.
EDIT: Good news! It seems your wallet is segwit enabled. This means that your transaction will confirm faster because it requires less space in a block. Your effective fee is actually around ~60sat/byte due to your use of segwit addresses (they start with '3'). 
@_date: 2018-03-03 02:27:51
You're right, it would have. Except this was in the era before Bitcoin Core 16, and my segwit address wasn't a 'recognized change output' and thus RBF failed. 
@_date: 2018-02-27 00:22:05
Even though you're wrong, I still laughed.
@_date: 2018-03-02 22:49:59
They're not overpaying. If you've ever regularly transacted in bitcoin then you'd know to *guarantee* getting in the next block you have to put a higher fee than just the lowest going rate at the time, because the mempool is subject to large fluctuations due to variable demand and the randomness of mining. 
Once I tried to be smart with fees and there were literally no blocks for 50 minutes. The resulting backlog meant it took 5 hours for my transaction to get confirmed.
I do agree exchanges could probably do with a 'low-priority' option that allows you to take a lower fee but at the cost of having possible much higher conf times, but the default behavior they offer is functioning *exactly as intended*.
@_date: 2018-02-27 00:39:31
You're getting left in Circle and Core's dust here, but I'll bite. How does it work? Can I carry it around with me? Or must it be hooked up by wire to a computer?
@_date: 2018-03-21 07:03:35
Government in one picture. One guy throws a rock at the imaginary threat, one guy falls over trying to kick it, one guy gives a half-assed kick so he could say he did something, and the fourth guy watches them fail, laughs and says 'see, I told you that wouldn't work!' fourth guy eventually becomes first guy.
Not shown: the rich men in suits who supplied them with their fancy uniforms and guns in exchange for favors.
@_date: 2018-02-23 05:58:34
You're the one who's willfully ignorant. The legacy banking system is not:
* **Confidential**: The blockchain doesn't send reports to the IRS when I don't pay my taxes. The blockchain doesn't need my real name or details. The blockchain just *is*.
* **Immutable**: Chargebacks are impossible (w/o 51%)
* **Permissionless**: I cannot be barred from participating. My accounts cannot be frozen. I can send money *how much I want, to whoever I want, where ever I am, for no matter the reason*.
* **Secure**: The only one who can spend my money is the owner of my private keys. Not somebody who stole my identity information by hacking my insurance company, not somebody who hacked a bank, not the government who just went broke.
@_date: 2018-04-23 21:38:09
Yeah this person is obviously very foolish. Everyone knows that there's no point to online reviews and testimonials of any service and you should just blindly trust every service. Duh
@_date: 2018-04-06 19:34:37
This argument is beyond a meme at this point. [Outputs are at their lowest level since mid-2016]( [transactions are at their lowest level since early 2016 (from OP)]( and [unique addresses are at their lowest level since mid 2016 (also from OP)](
Batching means more user-level transactions can fit in bitcoin transactions, but you'd expect the level of outputs and unique addresses to remain relatively constant if batching were to begin. The only thing batching reduces is tx count and byte count, not output count or unique address count.
Segwit is entirely irrelevant to this discussion since it alters the byte-wise accounting of blocks and thus only effects the blocksize and mempool size, which is not being discussed here.