@_author: maybe_yeah
@_date: 2014-01-01 04:39:02
Wow, do you remember that guy's name or have a link handy?
@_date: 2014-01-01 20:58:28
Probably a "just Google it" reaction, which I'll admit is usually fair but I didn't want to scroll through however many pages of Google results for this kind of story.
      
So, thank you very much!
@_date: 2012-04-27 16:31:25
Arbitrage alert - it's unlikely these rates will last, if users of the service start using bitcoin that is.
@_date: 2012-05-24 04:34:42
It's really not that stable since the value of the land is tied to how well the economy is doing. It's also very illiquid. The best storage is really gold.
@_date: 2012-05-24 03:29:37
Hi, thought you were getting bashed pretty well so I wanted to add in. You are correct, although I'm sure you don't mean printing enough money to pay off all the debt. Should Greece exit, the drachma will be immediately devalued due to the massive debt and current account deficit of the country - this would typically facilitates increased imports of Greek goods in other countries and increased foreign investment in Greece. However, as far as I know and correct me if I'm wrong, Greece does not have a significant industry so change in exports will likely be minimal. Foreign investment could rise but that could also be easily detoured by resulting civil unrest and violence from the devaluation and poor economic condition. Most countries (especially developing countries) typically only see GDP growth after the deficit has been corrected - although inflation has to be controlled as it could easily lead to hyperinflation. And, as you pointed out, Bitcoin will not help because it does not enable this correction. Bitcoin could possibly be used as some sort of transition medium (or would have a similar impact as bartering) - but no economy can prosper if the population uses a foreign currency. Austerity measures will have to be implemented either way and the rampant tax evasion will have to be stopped.
      
     
TL;DR: Bitcoin would be equivalent to using a foreign currency, which could help people subsist but will not help the economy.
     
     
To go off on a tangent; in times of intense inflation people usually spend all their salary immediately - Bitcoin could be used as a store of value and enable people to save in some way.
@_date: 2012-05-24 15:03:08
As economies decline and people are unsure of their ability to recover people transition either financially or physically to precious commodities, namely gold - this is why it's increased so much in the past year or so. I wouldn't personally call it a bubble, it'll likely decline as it becomes less popular to hold but there's no significant event that I can think of that would cause a burst-like effect wherein severe losses would occur. The only thing I can think of would be for the gold supply to increase enough to lower the value, and that'd be a pretty serious increase. All currencies failing is extremely unlikely, the USD  it also a store of value since the chances of the US defaulting are near zero. 
@_date: 2012-05-12 16:39:29
Okay, I am a complete novice, but couldn't this destroy some of the anonymity that bitcoin is so valued for?