@_author: mayonaisebuster
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:31:50
you have to realize that most human are fickle. that was the case in ancient times. this was the case in ancient civilization. this was the case when most people got tricked intro religion which is just an another control system. and now most people are fickle.
most people are fickle. even if you explain things to them. they will always opt in for the less-hassle option. you can tell the 350 million people in the USA that they can essentially at a moment decided and all of them can go out in the street close down Wall street and make all of these "politicians" resign on the spot.
but they won't they would rather believe things that are not true.  the rich will get richer. and the poor will stay as is. just enough to survive. and middle class isn't doing much better. you still have to work most of your life.
meanwhile a handful of people have more money than billions. 
money would be worthless if people decided. but again. they won't because its a hassle. lets all believe that the government system is a real thing that exists for you and its "We the people" utter joke.
people are living in 1000x worse conditions than the poorest in the U.S.A and they STILL do nothing about it. because even THEN its still a hassle. and they can do it. but they are fucking dumb
literally every rich person is too rich to fail. the game is rigged. there is no board or dice. most rich people are rich because their parents and ancestors were rich. few guys like amazon founder facebook and google come of technology era and such. same way rockerfellers came out of the oil era.
I have a problem with low wage worker. every worker that works full time hours a day deserves a living wage that is enough to pay for food and housing and basic bills. but you and me know thats not true. in most states thats only gonna cover housing. thats it.
and instead of taxing the billionaires. lets pay our fees by making college students take out massive loans. what a corrupt fucking country. I get that on average the living conditions are better than most countries of the world. but it fucking sucks compared to most developed western countries. literally the rich is above the law. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:05:00
the government isn't there for you or me. look am a normal college student looking to be an engineer or whatever. am not a paranoid person living in a zombie shelter
the fact of a matter is. the government is there because it makes money to those higherups that work at it. this is the same thing with religion. church.. vatican has billions. the saudi arabians are billionaires. every control system to ever exist was and is for power/money.
@_date: 2018-02-05 21:06:30
the difference is that a single person or a handful of people could inflate prices single handily. now. millions. 