@_author: mbelshe
@_date: 2016-04-02 09:06:16
Bitgo is the largest multi-sig wallet; used by dozens of exchanges and businesses.  Has an easy to use UI and API.
@_date: 2015-06-03 17:31:18
Yup.  Reddit is broken.  Yet here we are.
@_date: 2014-07-03 16:32:49
Thanks, Bitcoin Dave - you're a lifesaver again!
To any of the folks on this thread contemplating using Dave's services, I've found Dave to be reliable and trustworthy for 100% of the people that have worked with him.  If you do need wallet recovery services, he's the go-to guy.
For those of you that have BitGo wallets, note that Dave's recovery process only needs to recover one key.  So even when he recovers your single key, he doesn't have access to your coins.  Instead of you trusting him, he has to trust you that you will pay him for his services.
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:06:02
Thanks  - it's actually easier than that.  When you create your 2-of-3 wallet you just print them out.  You never need the nLockTime feature because you always have your keys from day one.
@_date: 2014-03-25 16:08:58
Hey guys - thanks for your interest in BitGo.  Sorry that this process hasn't been better documented for you.
The keys are for disaster recovery.  We do two things to help you keep your account information:
  a) We send you an email with your public keys/redeem scripts each time you create a new address.
  b) You print out/save the keycard with private information each time you create a new address.
Together, this info can be used with any multi-sig wallet to access your bitcoin.
If you printed the keys, they are printed unencrypted and can be directly imported.   If you had them sent to you via email, they are encrypted with your password and the data is a self-describing JSON blob containing the salt, the encryption type (AES, 256, 10k).  The QR codes contain the same data listed at the bottom and are provided for easily importing the info rather than typing.
The QR code for the redeem script is stored in a base-64 modified form of the hex encoding (to make it small enough to fit in a QR code).  Using the recovery email is a bit easier and can be done using the recovery tool.
The recovery tool can be downloaded at  - we're actually working on making it easier to use right now.  Basically give it your recovery file (a json blob from email), provide your unencrypted keys, and it can send the bitcoin anywhere you wish without using BitGo.
A couple of users have verified that it works already; but based on their feedback, we're making it easier to use.  Specifically, we're integrating the AES decryption in there for email users and helping the user know when they put the wrong values in the wrong fields.
Nonetheless, your bitcoin is fully secure at BitGo today.  This tool is to prove that your keys are generated in a way that you can recover.  It won't be needed unless disaster strikes; but disaster won't strike :-)
@_date: 2014-03-25 07:54:27
The exchanges typically operate "off blockchain".  You deposit fiat currency and/or BTC with them, and then they let you trade it in their ledger.  Later, you go to cash out.
@_date: 2014-06-18 15:28:09
If you go to "receive bitcoins", you can generate a new address any time you wish.  We'll be adding more UI for managing and tracking these going forward.
@_date: 2014-03-10 19:25:05
BTW - I think bitgo has already bridged the gap between ease of use and multi-sig security.  All wallets are 2-of-3 multi-sig.
@_date: 2014-01-03 15:15:44
There are two passwords, one is your login password, the other is your wallet password.  The second password never touches bitgo's servers - it is only used within your browser.
@_date: 2014-03-24 01:00:07
Regarding open source:
Sorry for not having been very vocal about our open source efforts, but you'll find the code at   On top of finding the core bitcoin product there, we've also been helping the community with patches to bitcoinj and blockchain.info.  Prior to these patches, P2SH didn't even work with the android client, multibit, or blockchain.info.   Over the past few months, our bitcoin library has been picked up by several of the follow-on multi-sig products that have recently launched.
Regarding "single key": 
Bitgo is not a single-key product; it uses 2-of-3 multisig.  There are many features coming in the very near future, including full BIP32 support.
@_date: 2014-09-15 15:18:34
That tool was what we used with our first generation of wallets, prior to HD.  The new wallets are all HD, meaning that you're not recovering a single address but a set of addresses.  The tool is inside the BitGoJS library (also available in our github account), and has been verified by several external parties.
We'll be publishing a video on how it works shortly.
For ease of use, of course we focus on our site - that is where we expect users to do work daily.  The recovery tool is provided to prove that you can recover without BitGo.  It is pretty techie and is only about moving funds out of a BitGo-created HD wallet into another of your choice without using any APIs or data from the BitGo service.
If you have trouble with it, feel free to reach out to me directly.
@_date: 2014-06-17 15:02:05
We added BIP32 HD chains quite a while back.  We didn't make a big fanfare about it, but its all there.  Check it out.
As for the money raise, we'll be using it to continue to further the security of your bitcoins.  Security is not a feature - its an ongoing work that involves technology, secure operations, fraud detection, and more.  And as the value of BTC goes up, the security of our products also needs to go up.  Today, bitcoin is a $6-7B market.  We are building our products anticipating a multi-trillion dollar bitcoin market.  When you think of securing bitcoins in that world, $12M is just a start.
Seriously, though, we don't want to just secure our own wallet.  We want to be a part of helping to raise the security bar for the industry.  Let's face it - even though we're all competing at some level on the security of our wallets - security breaches hurt all of us.  We'll be investing in the core tech as much as we can.  Let's get serious about security, and move everyone up.
@_date: 2014-12-16 03:52:21
You may also want to check out a multi-sig wallet like BitGo.  These wallets are available online and provide much better ease of use with a better level of security than desktop wallets.
The primary reason the security is better is because it uses two separate machines to sign the transactions, so both your machine and the server would need to be compromised to lose your bitcoin.
The secondary reason is because by using a service like BitGo for the second signature, you're actually getting free anti-fraud checking like what you get with Visa or Mastercard; they check every transaction to make sure it fits within your defined parameters, that you are in the right geographic area, etc.
Disclaimer:  I work at bitgo.
@_date: 2014-12-16 15:37:01
No, "3+ keys to complete a final PK" sounds more like shamir's secret sharing, where you split a key into three parts, but then must re-assemble (on a single machine) to do the final signature.  Multi-sig has 3 separate public keys, and each is signed independently.  So you can sign on different machines, by different users, and then provide workflows to pass the partially approved transaction from party to party during the signature process.
When you use a desktop client for your wallet, you often end up having multiple signatures applied on a single machine, which I agree, is not that beneficial.  Using a web service, or product which routes transactions for signatures is the way to go.
@_date: 2014-06-17 15:05:22
Correction:  BitGo is fully HD, and constantly changes your addresses with every transaction as well.  It's the most private wallet available today, and more privacy features will be rolling out soon.
@_date: 2014-03-14 00:33:36
Hey guys - thanks for the kind words about BitGo!
The purpose of the BitGo 3-key system is so that the user always has 2 keys.  If bitgo is down permanently or temporarily, the user always has two keys to reclaim funds.
But the second advantage of the 3rd key is that it is also a backup for the user.  One of the most common losses of bitcoin is just forgetting your password.  With a 3-key system, even if you forget your password, you can always have a paper backup which is used to recover the funds.  I helped one of our customers recover 3 bitcoins after he forgot his password just this week!
@_date: 2014-02-01 16:10:33
This is exactly why we created BitGo - the multi-signature wallet.  It requires 2 of 3 keys to sign a transaction, and you never need to put more than 1 key on any single machine at a time.  It's like 2-factor-auth but for the blockchain itself.
We still use 2-factor-auth, mind you, to protect your account and make it easy to access *1* key.  But, even if that is compromised (using the attack mentioned by the author here), you only have 1 key.  You still need to infiltrate another system to steal the bitcoin.
I'm interested in feedback on this system.  You can read more about it here:
   
@_date: 2014-12-16 03:30:49
So glad you liked the wallet.  Great things more are coming!  Please keep the feedback flowing, we'd love to know how to make it better.
@_date: 2014-06-17 18:43:27
The last thing we'd want to do would be to hinder bitcoin in any way with patents.  While at Google, I helped create SPDY where we filed many patents.  As a developer, doing so was conditional upon google making those patents available, and Google made good on that.  The same is true here; there is no way I'd allow my patents to be used for any harm to the community.  To the contrary, we'll use them to protect bitcoin defensively, and there is good reason to do that.  We'll announce more on this topic when it makes sense; but this really is a non-issue.  Feel free to check my track record - I believe it speaks for itself.
@_date: 2014-12-17 01:36:42
Mass adoption occurs when the benefits of signup &amp; usage far exceed the cost of signing up, learning, and using.
The benefits of Bitcoin remain relatively low to most people.  The cost of using Bitcoin remains extremely high for all people.  Therefore, Bitcoin is not yet seeing massive traction.
@_date: 2014-12-16 03:53:25
I think we need to make Bitcoin more usable.  It's just too hard for non-geeks to use yet.
Ask your Mom to securely store her "key" or her "paper wallet", and she'll look at you with a blank stare.
@_date: 2014-03-26 23:40:24
My best security tips:
  a) It is better to print your keys than email them to yourself, as printed keys can be printed in a way that keeps you safe even if you lose your passcode.
  b) If you do email your keys to yourself (and don't print), be sure to write down your passcode!  People do forget them, especially over time.
  c) Be sure to find a safe place to store your printed keys.  The depth of "safe" here should be dependent on the amount of bitcoin you're protecting.
  d) Tell your friends to use BitGo
  e) Let us know if you have any feedback - we want to make it great!
Thanks for checking it out
@_date: 2014-06-18 15:28:59
OK - will do.
@_date: 2014-06-17 20:09:01
Good question!  WTF is going on with patents?  I believe software patents should not exist.  See my other reply for more details.
@_date: 2014-03-29 18:39:50
It is not "encrypted on the server" - it is encrypted in the browser and opaque to BitGo.
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:26:08
No mention of multi-sig wallets?
@_date: 2014-03-25 07:58:29
If you're looking for a solution that protects you from malware on your machine but still offers ease of use without going to the extremes of cold storage, may I selfishly offer   - its a multi-signature wallet storing only one key on your system so that even if your machine is hacked your bitcoins are safe.  The backup system is such that BitGo never has access to your coins, only you do.  
@_date: 2014-03-25 08:03:51
I think you misunderstand the reason for the fee.  Most people expect large transactions to have larger fees.  But the blockchain doens't work that way.  Large transactions on the blockchain are free!
As it turns out, its those pesky small transactions that clog up the network.  The blockchain enforces fees on *small* transactions because they are expensive to transfer.  Left unchecked, spammers will flood the blockchain with just tiny transactions and nobody gets any transactions through.
This is why fees are on a sliding scale today - but it is a sliding scale based on transaction size in KB, not transaction size in BTC.
@_date: 2014-06-17 14:47:53
Actually BitGo is fully BIP32.
And no, it doesn't require 2 private keys in the browser at the same time.
@_date: 2014-03-25 16:21:04
BTW - I believe we can build on-blockchain exchanges.  These will have tremendous benefit to the community and world.  There are issues with the speed of the blockchain keeping up with the exchanges, so if you want transactions to flow faster than the blockchain permits, those will remain semi off-blockchain.
The way to do this is with multi-sig.  BitGo can do it. (sorry for the self-serving plug!)
@_date: 2014-03-15 03:18:01
Great video!
if you want a multi-machine, multi-signature wallet today, check out 
@_date: 2014-03-16 21:49:29
Only 1 key is created on the server.
The other 2 keys are created by you, and are never sent to BitGo servers
This way, BitGo can *never* access your bitcoin, and even if BitGo goes away, you have 2 keys and can recover your funds.
@_date: 2014-03-24 01:00:47
Thanks.  For details you can read the whitepaper here:  
@_date: 2014-04-15 04:51:51
With a multi-signature wallet, you have multiple keys, and you never put those keys on the same computer.  Coinbase uses single-key addresses, and some form of proprietary cold-storage technology. If anyone is able to learn the private key at coinbase through any means, the entire treasury could be taken - including your bitcoin.  With a multi-signature wallet, you can lose a key and not lose your coins.  This is basically a centralized vs decentralized approach, and creates a honeypot at coinbase.  Coinbase holds a huge number of coins, so it is a good yield for hackers.  A decentralized approach, however, where the users hold the keys and the service does not, is less of a honey-pot, because the hacker must independently compromise each user.  This might be accomplished if they can compromise the BitGo servers, but it is not easy, as each account must be independently cracked and robbed.
It should be noted, however, that when you hold coins at coinbase (or at bitstamp, or anyone else that holds your private key on your behalf), you really don't have any bitcoins at all.  The company has your bitcoins and all you have is a line-item in their database.  You are trusting that they will honor your balance in the future (much like you do with your bank).
Another risk is that if you have malware on your home computer which is targetting your coinbase account, then when you access coinbase, it could get your username, your password, and *in real time* your 2FA code as you type it in, before it goes to coinbase!  In theory, this could be used to hack into your account, although in practice, they probably employ safeguards against this.  The whole point of multi-sig is that the security mechanism is much more upfront, independently auditable, and well understood by all.  Even if the user does get through your 2FA, they also have to steal your second key, and this can be very difficult depending on how you choose to store it.  (if you store it offline, it is basically impossible to steal)
Finally, if your coinbase account is compromised, keep in mind that the intruder not only has access to your bitcoin, but also to your bank account itself - as coinbase is allowed to make direct withdrawals of your fiat currency as well.  This is a risk unique to coinbase.
@_date: 2014-03-16 22:00:08
I disagree.
* Bitcoin is like cash.  The bearer of it can spend it. 
* Most people these days don't carry lots of cash, because it is too dangerous.  We know that banks are better at doing this for us.
* But when we go into the bank, we don't ask, "I'd like to open an account, but I'd like to use my own vault, please".
If you're talking about a 2BTC wallet, okay - we can do it ourselves.  But if you want to get serious, and put $1mil into bitcoin, you should at least consider getting professional help.  All you need to do is read the news to hear about very capable techies getting robbed every week.
The good news is that the problem isn't bitcoin.  The problem is that the early companies in bitcoin were not protecting very much value, and didn't build the appropriate layers of security to protect real value.  When Bitcoins were worth less than $1, you didn't need much security to protect them.
Going forward, we need a new generation of computing, security, and financial professionals to help you manage and protect your bitcoin.  And once these trustworthy players are established, you'll think it was silly that you used to try to track those private keys all by yourself.  "My own vault?  Don't be silly!", you'll say.
@_date: 2014-03-25 08:09:12
Check out BitGo.com - it does exactly this :-)
@_date: 2014-12-16 04:00:54
When you create a P2SH address, it is actually a hash of the "redeem script".  The redeem script is an encoded form of the multi-sig script required to unlock the transaction.  It looks something like this:
   M-value | PubKey1 | PubKey2 | ... | N-value | OP_CHECKMULTISIG
You can ask your M-of-N provider to give you a redeem script and you can verify that it hashes properly.  Often, the API for accessing the unspents in such a wallet will have it cached.  But this is all pretty uber-geek.
@_date: 2014-01-03 21:44:17
Actually no - this is where 2-factor auth to your phone saves you.  BitGo won't give you the encrypted key or sign for you unless you can pass the SMS verification check. 
@_date: 2014-06-17 14:21:23
The idea that 2-of-3 requires you to create two keys on the same machine is incorrect.  The purpose of the third key is two-fold:  a) you have a backup; b) the other party (e.g. bitgo) never has your funds locked up - even if the other party goes away, you always have access to your bitcoin without their key.  Where you create your two keys is up to you, and we offer our clients a number of tools to help them choose how to do this.
In a 2-of-2 system, where the other party has one key, you need to make sure you can get access to your bitcoin through some mechanism if the other party disappears.  This is surmountable, but cannot be guaranteed at account creation time, and must be re-implemented with each transaction.    One approach to solving this is nLockTime transactions.  In my opinion, this is not the most secure approach, because after the nLockTime, partially signed transactions exist which could redeem your bitcoin with only one additional key.  To mitigate this, you need to move your bitcoins before the nLockTime interval expires, but this means you're constantly moving your bitcoin to support your wallet.  Unnecessary bitcoin movement is a security weakness to and of itself, as it means you're unlocking your wallet unnecessarily.
Finally, the backup mechanism inherent in 2-of-3 systems is pretty powerful.  Users do lose keys and forget passwords often.  The 3rd key provides peace of mind.
@_date: 2014-12-16 03:35:03
The point of multi-sig is to make sure that each signature is done on a different machine; thus a single machine being compromised will not lose all your bitcoin.  This is what BitGo does.
@_date: 2014-03-15 17:14:17
You can do this with BitGo.  The 3rd private key can be created offline and never needs to be in the browser.  (we just need the public key to create the address)
@_date: 2014-12-17 19:09:21
I think HD wallets make this even harder.  Unless you've got static funds that you don't plan to move, any address or output based system for proving funds will need to constantly update (or you have to share your HD key derivation key, but that exposes too much info, IMHO)
What about having wallet software provide this?  If a user stored funds at a wallet service (say BitGo), would you trust BitGo to be able to confidentially and securely provide proof of funds?  If you need it on blockchain, without the trusted 3rd party, I think everything has holes, as you are finding too :-(
@_date: 2014-01-03 15:12:09
Correct, even it bitgo goes down, you don't lose your bitcoin.  That's the best feature :-)
@_date: 2014-12-16 03:57:01
It's amazing that credit cards don't get called out for being so hackable.  Kudos to Visa/Mastercard marketing.
Every American pays ~5% extra because of these fundamentally insecure cards.
@_date: 2014-01-06 17:02:07
Yes, this is one nice thing about multi-signatures - you get a lot of flexibility this way.
There are many options.  BitGo does provide the tech today, but it's the human processes which don't exist yet.  We need ways for a bitcoin owner to give keys to a lawyer &amp; give instructions to BitGo to authorize signatures if the lawyer can provide proof-of-death or other evidence.
Without real processes in place, you could just give a copy of each backup key to a different trusted family member.  Obviously, those two could collaborate against you, so choose wisely.  But the problem with this approach is that if either of them loses a key, your stuck again.
So, developing some good human processes is really the key.  If you have specifics that you'd like to see built, let me know!  I think we'll be providing solutions for this in the future.
@_date: 2014-03-26 23:37:58
We're working on the HD wallets; check again soon!  They're in test now.
@_date: 2014-01-03 18:36:33
With a 2-of-3 system, hacking the browser only gets you one key, so the attacker cannot steal your bitcoin unless they steal a second key.  This is the key differentiator between a single key wallet and a multi-key wallet.
For a server side attack, if they successfully replace the signing code on the server, also change the code delivered to the client, and both of those go unnoticed, then an attack could still be successful.  I don't claim that the 2-of-3 wallet solves every problem; it simply raises the bar in a meaningful way.  The attacker now had to successfully infiltrate two pieces of software:  the client code and the server code.  You may call that trivial, but it is actually a pretty significant difference.
Given that client side-only attacks are completely mitigated and that server attacks are made more significantly more difficult, I think its fair to say that this system does raise the security bar.
@_date: 2014-01-03 16:25:58
And pray that you didn't have malware on your home machine at the time you coined the keys... :-)
Sorry if this sounds like I'm pimping the product too much.  But I honestly believe we need to brace ourselves for malware currently being re-tooled to go after bitcoin keys.  This is going to be a huge problem in 2014.
@_date: 2014-03-24 05:21:10
Thanks for posting this!
* We'll add the confirmation on the remove wallet action
* We just fixed our TLS config to include TLS1.1/1.2
* We do plan to implement the local extensions.  We have invested significant systems to make sure JS is untainted.
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:46:55
Yes, stored in the cloud means encrypted on the server using your password; it is opaque to BitGo.
No, modified JS cannot download the encrypted key because it requires authentication plus 2FA to even access the encrypted key.  This is a critical part of the security model.
As for the "could we become evil" - you can ask this of any bitcoin software you use from Bitcoin-Qt to BCI to BitGo - if they decide to auto-update the software to steal your keys behind your back you're in trouble.  So choose your partners wisely :-)
@_date: 2014-04-05 23:20:15
I think your proposal is great.  There are a lot of different permutations of multi-sig, and this is just one of them.
One advantage of using 2-of-3 in conjunction with a service is that you get everything you've described here, plus one more.  You get the benefit of the service's fraud-detection.  Fraud-detectors use a number of factors to decide whether a signature should be applied, just like VISA and Mastercard do when you're using your credit card:  location, time-of-day, amount, past transaction history, etc.   
@_date: 2014-09-26 18:34:10
I am seeing this too, and am worried about privacy implications.  HD wallets that utilize these single satoshi inputs later will be building a map of addresses which were previously not linked publicly.  In other words, if this spam is applied to every address used in a wallet, you can end up accidentally revealing your entire list of wallet addresses.
HD wallets need to be modified to not use these inputs even though they are confirmed on the blockchain.
This is going to be a mess. 
@_date: 2014-03-14 00:45:47
This is a great question, and one we get often.  Like any site with valuable data, we need to protect against hackers.  Fortunately, because we don't hold bitcoin keys, your bitcoin itself is not at risk even if we are hacked.  To protect against altering of the source code, we use many layers including external monitoring systems that detect if the code changes at all.  If it changes, we'll automatically be able to stop all transaction processing and keep users safe.
Like others have posted, however, you will soon see a chrome-app version of the source code as well.  
@_date: 2014-11-17 07:07:36
If you're looking for an online bitcoin wallet where you do control your coins, try bitgo.  It's multi-sig, HD, and you control the keys.
@_date: 2014-06-17 15:12:35
Sorry you had trouble with BitGo; I'm having trouble parsing quite what problem you had with a discrepancy between BitGo and Blockchain.  But with more details, I'm happy to investigate.
For private keys, I tend to agree with  you don't really want to move them around unless you know what you're doing.  But, for your convenience, you can do it in BitGo.  Just link an external account, and paste your key in there, and you'll get a client-side encrypted wallet pretty similar to blockchain's single key wallet.  Again, always be careful when doing this - if you've got malware, you'll be at risk.
@_date: 2014-01-03 15:02:17
With the 3 key system, generally one key is kept entirely offline.  So javascript can swindle one, but you'll still need to convince the server to sign the second, which requires a 2-factor auth to your phone.  Javascript alone cannot steal the money.
A vulnerability can exist at address creation time.  For maximal security you want all 3 keys coined on 3 different systems, and then join the public keys together.  This is a difficult process, and many will choose to create two keys in the browser at the same time.
So, in the best case, it's not subject to javascript swindling at all.  In the worst case, it has similar properties to blockchain.info's vulnerability during address creation time, but not thereafter.
@_date: 2014-06-17 18:26:28
2of3 wallets operate exactly the same as 2of2 or single key wallets with respect to double spending.  We do show zero-confirms in the UI, and periodically clean them out if they are not confirmed in the blockchain in a timely manner.  Users are notified via the UI of which transactions are pending/unconfirmed.
@_date: 2014-03-14 00:54:28
Before starting bitgo, I was one of the first 10 developers on the Google Chrome team.  Understanding the pervasiveness of malware on the home computer is actually what led me to create bitgo for storing my own bitcoins :-)
So to answer your question - do more secure browsers help?  Ironically, they probably help client-side wallets more than web wallets.   Security research shows that ~30% of home computers already have malware, and somewhere around 6million new viruses are unleashed every year.  Unless you're a security expert, its just very difficult to keep your home computer clean, and the malware usually finds its way in through the web.  So a more secure browser will help you keep your home system clean.
But for me personally, no browser is good enough.   I don't trust any of my home computers to store my bitcoin.  I assume they're all pwned.  By using BitGo, I don't have to trust any single computer.   Security must be breached on multiple machines in order for me to lose my bitcoin.
I hope this helps answer your question!  (and I hope I'm not self-promoting BitGo too much.  I just believe it is imperative to not trust a single machine for your bitcoin.)
@_date: 2014-01-03 15:10:59
Yes, this is using the multi-signature feature of P2SH in bitcoin.
There are two reasons you want it:
  a) it protects against malware infections on a single machine by requiring transactions to be signed by at least 2 different machines.
  b) you always get a backup key.  if you forget your password to your encrypted key, but have properly printed / stored your backup key, you can still recover your bitcoin.
The protocol doesn't provide a way to sign without revealing all 3 public keys.  But you can use deterministic address chaining just like with the standard addresses.
As for open source - look for the bitgo project on github; we're publishing critical pieces of the software there and will have full recovery tools so that if bitgo ever goes down, you'll still be able to get all of your bitcoin.  (you can do it without our tools, but we're making it easier)
@_date: 2014-03-15 17:41:33
Getting a clean download of the reference client has the same problem as trusting js code from a website.  After all, how many people voluntarily download viruses into their computers each year?  There have already been several downloadable copies of the reference bitcoin client which have been infected with malware (no fault of the reference client itself).  But even if you do have a clean download of the reference client, if you ever download a virus later through some other means, its just as bad.
The real problem is that hackers are clever and most users aren't expert enough to do system administration at a level which keeps out malware, auto-implements backups, and keeps constantly up to date.  
I think users should find a brand they trust to help them with securing bitcoins.  And any trustworthy brand will offer solutions which do not simply require handing the coins to the service.   Multi-party accounts, where both you and the service work together to protect your bitcoins is the way to go - the service is *only* there to protect you and cannot access your coins without you.
@_date: 2014-01-03 15:05:58
The CSS attack is possible. I think we're one of the first sites to use CSP (content-security-policy) to mitigate against this, but if someone did through a browser bug, that is still theoretically possible.  We will be implementing server-side controls on this which can help some people.  It would create server enforcements to only countersign transactions to specific addresses.  But this feature is not implemented yet.  The server already does implement other anti-fraud checks, however.  So it isn't a given that the server will abide by any request to sign.
For the second question, Bitgo requires all wallets to use 2-factor auth.  There is no option; so even a keylogger getting your password won't suffice by itself to make BitGo sign your transactions
@_date: 2014-12-11 22:32:00
Let's not leave out other software of yesteryear like Outlook, Powerpoint, Word, and Excel!
@_date: 2014-08-06 18:47:08
hey mstevenson10009; sorry you're having trouble.  If you send us more details to support we'll try to look at it. 
i can't guarantee a fix, however.  when you have plugins within your browser which are intentionally altering the html, they are ultimately causing the error.  we don't have ads on any of our pages, so the reality is that your ad blocker (or other plugins) probably has a bug.  without more details, i can't know if we can work around it.
i hope you understand that it is not possible for bitgo (or any product) to test against all possible combinations of plugins you may have installed.
@_date: 2015-05-19 03:26:11
You might also want to checkout BitGo (blatant plug here).  It was the first multi-sig wallet, offers advanced policy management such as spending limits, whitelists, and multi-user access, and its the only multi-sig wallet company that has insurance.
I think you'll find the UI very easy to use; its multi-sig, but no more complex than a single-key wallet.
Even if you don't choose BitGo, be sure to let us know what you think! :-)
@_date: 2014-01-03 21:40:45
BitGo uses two mechanisms to mitigate this attack:
First, we use 2-factor auth via SMS to your phone.  If you can't satisfy the SMS challenge, BitGo will not sign for you, even if you have the user's password.  You won't be able to get an encrypted copy of the key either.
Second, the server has a number of fraud detection checks that it applies before signing.  These are similar to what your credit card company does or what paypal might do.  In the future, you'll be able to whitelist addresses to spend to, add spending velocity limits, add delays before signing with email bounceback verifications, and more.
@_date: 2014-12-16 03:47:54
If you use a 2-of-3 multi-sig wallet, you won't have to deal with the nLockTime transactions, but you can get all the same features.
@_date: 2015-05-01 17:20:46
As the author of that patent, I guess I have something to say.
First off, note that I also was the co-inventor of spdy, which is has just recently become http/2.0.  During the course of creating spdy, we filed a slew of patents.  I, and the other engineers on the spdy team, all made sure that google was willing to give that IP away for free before we filed the patents.  Why?  because we recognize the value of making technology open, mitigated with the reality that all your competitors have patents too.  Google came through on its promise to give away the IP.
You can also read my personal blog about making patents defensive (circa 2008), we predates most of the defensive patent work which has ever been done:  
Anyway, there is no patent today.  There is a filing.  If it is prior art, that will come out and the process will have worked.  If it is indeed unique, the patent will be issued, and I will make sure that it is used in very beneficial ways reflective of my past writings and behavior.  In the end, I hope the community will be grateful to BitGo setting the example how to do patents right.  But this is premature, there is no patent yet.
I know everyone here on reddit loves a lot of drama, but really, this was all unnecessary.  If you don't like the patent office, take that up with your senators (I agree, btw, as you can read here: 
@_date: 2014-03-15 18:07:46
Sorry if I wasn't clear - you only need to create one in the browser.  The second can be created offline or wherever you want.  The third is created in the service.   All 3 keys are created on different systems.
@_date: 2014-12-16 04:01:33
Unless your family business has customers with bitcoin, it may not be worth your time.  I'd find ways to get bitcoin into the hands of your customers, and then have them pay with bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-10 05:03:45
The bitstamp team did a great job.  The BitGo team went all out too.
@_date: 2015-01-22 04:06:00
You're right - any two keys being lost would lose the funds.  But that's not a single point of failure - that's a double failure:  Bitgo key would have to be leaked and you would have had to use a poor password.  Don't do this :-)
For the record, not all BitGo wallets store their keys this way.  This is one way to do it, and it is convenient and secure.  But if you don't like it, use the API to create your wallet and store both of your keys wherever you want.
@_date: 2014-04-09 15:34:03
Regarding account protections:
Using the combination of multiple, distributed keys and our intelligent cosigning service, BitGo provides a number of protections.  You can read about the architecture here:   If you do manage to get past the 2 layers of passwords and the 2-factor authentication to initiate the transaction, you'll also need to get past the BitGo fraud detection system.  Like VISA and Mastercard, we analyze and evaluate every withdrawal request.  If the request doesn't look legitimate, BitGo won't sign it.
Regarding trust:
* We (the creators of BitGo) are very public about who we are.  You can verify our backgrounds and know that we're staking our reputation on keeping your bitcoins safe.  We are not anonymous and we want to build trust with you.  Doing such silly things as recording your keys would be a terrible breach of that trust and would erode any chance of BitGo success.
* Second, you can audit us.  You'll find our open source code in github, and you'll find the code in your browser.  Unless you're a coder, this is hard to audit, but we've had a number of great users write in and challenge us in various ways.  We welcome the questions and challenges and will continue to address any concerns that come up.
@_date: 2015-01-10 05:05:35
Mostly; the web wallet works that way.  Using the API, you can store keys wherever you wish.
@_date: 2014-01-03 18:41:24
Yup - that works.  We're just talking about the usability vs security tradeoff.  Most users can get a lot of added security value with a 2-of-3 wallet without having to take the burden of setting up an offline machine, and the complexity that goes with it.  But true cold storage still has its place too for those that can properly implement it.
@_date: 2016-06-15 22:13:26
Hey Fount4inhead - 
mike from BitGo here.  Never intended to deceive anyone and our pricing has always been up front.  (  If you're a long-term customer, we did change our pricing a few months back.  Before doing so, we notified all customers and gave a grace period.  Nonetheless, if you feel you didn't know, happy to refund you.
Keep in mind running our service is not free.  We don't make money on your account other than the fees we can collect.  I hope the service has been effective for securing your bitcoins, and I hope you'll agree that you benefitted from that. 
But again, if you didn't get notified of our pricing change long ago, contact me and I'll return your fee. 
Keep in mind that you have your keys -- we don't.  You can always go direct to the blockchain and transact without paying us any fees if you feel our service is not meeting its promise.
@_date: 2016-06-04 16:07:55
Yes, we're under DDOS attack.
@_date: 2016-06-04 18:14:19
Service is now restored.
@_date: 2016-12-17 01:39:27
Before jumping to conclusions about what happened, just ask.  As you know, I didn't post the bounty on reddit - I posted it on twitter. I never had anyone submit any results back to me. I did check with  once, but there was neither a clear submission nor winner.  
Anyway, I said I'd pay and I will, except I apparently need to add a new rule: if you think you deserve the bounty, send me your report, both in reply to the twitter thread where we started this (for public record), and also to my email (so I can actually get it) mike  I'll pay before xmas based on whatever is sent to me.  I won't be back reddit.
@_date: 2017-09-14 04:17:15
To get the gain, we still need all customers to update - BitGo isn't a pure cloud service; key material &amp; transaction signing is handled at the customer site, so we're like a on-prem / cloud-hosted hybrid.
As such, realizing the full gain will require all BitGo customers to update their on-premise software.  This will take a while.
But, its available now.
@_date: 2015-03-13 16:30:23
Hey guys - hopefully you never lose the two things which would require you to have to recover funds without BitGo. 
We've iterated this a few times over the past year - and the JSON attachment you refer to is the 'old style' that we used some time ago. That tool is deprecated just for legacy wallets.
Newer wallets use a much simpler form which doesn't include that JSON attachment anymore.
You can see the tools in action here:   and the source code is all in github as Aussiehash pointed out.
@_date: 2015-02-25 02:32:36
Try it out and let us know what you think! 
@_date: 2015-02-25 17:41:50
Yes, what Ben said.  We never auto-upvote, and barely vote even internally.
@_date: 2013-11-08 16:35:09
send me your email addy and i'll send you an invite: mike