@_author: mbizzle135
@_date: 2016-04-26 23:00:26
If you think Bitcoin is *truly* fungible, you're dead wrong, mate. To most people who can't be arsed to do that much digging, yeah, but someone with an interest in digging someone in particular? You'd better believe their going to accrue every last bit of information to track you down - Use a truly fungible cryptocurrency with mix in count if you value your privacy.
@_date: 2015-06-03 11:28:52
The Trews are and always have been largely on point with their message. It's sad when the media paint Russell as merely a sum of his previous drug addictions; the logic seems to be "He's done drugs, therefore his opinion is invalid." He's willing to embrace all aspects of an argument and make a decision, I've seen humility in this man, and it's a welcome change from those we usually see with vast fortunes. He was misguided, as we all have been, but quickly became disillusioned, and that's the Russell we see today, a man reborn.
Speak the trewth, man.
@_date: 2015-06-22 08:11:26
What, and then take off in the form of something else of which most people are unaware? Our Android cometh.
@_date: 2015-06-21 11:14:27
There appears to be misinformation being spread in this thread; It was not solely an anti-austerity march. It was organised by the People's Assembly Against Austerity, but many sects of people were there, under that banner, flying different flags. We were all against austerity, that's why we were there, but what other causes people chose to bring to the fore was their choice, as you can tell from the picture. I saw this Bitcoin guy when I was there, I even had a chat with him. Turns out he didn't know much about Bitcoin at all, he was holding it for a friend who did know more who had multiple Bitcoin signs.
@_date: 2015-01-27 22:30:08
And on a TESLA?! &lt;*swoon*&gt;
@_date: 2015-01-29 15:23:03
Please, when referring the both brothers can we use the plural "Winklevii".
@_date: 2015-01-05 00:18:14
I need to remind myself of the many excellent points every now and again.
@_date: 2015-01-19 23:34:36
Now, don't you worry about that, old top.
@_date: 2015-01-14 19:34:54
This absurd desire to witness eat a Cheeseburger is the driving force behind the price dropping, there's no other explanation. Is a particularly messy eater? Regardless, it might be quite entertaining.. Hmmm, I think I get it now - Onward to $120!
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:03:43
Disgusting moral crusade by those fundamentally out of touch. Judge Forrest had the audacity to claim that those affected in countries producing drugs were part of the reasoning - Was it fuck. If that were the problem there'd be a worldwide crusade to end destructive drug production methods. But no, it's to slap the end user in the wrist with a little civil forfeiture of funds or even a jail sentence that'll ruin their working life due to arbitrary and barbaric drug laws all created because someone decided that alcohol and the like, fine, the thing I don't like or utilise, bad. Fuck all of this.
@_date: 2015-01-14 14:06:13
A strange concoction of laughter, equal parts gallow's humour and a devil may care attitude. See, we all know the leaps and bounds made by Bitcoin and the community, both in adoption and creation of infrastructure. 
We're all still in on the privileged information that Bitcoin is here to stay. It's this knowledge, this sureness of footing, which allows us to laugh as yet another hangman's noose comes into focus.
@_date: 2016-03-02 15:24:40
It's small potatoes, yeah, but why do we even need those small potatoes to crop up (heh). We could remove the block size limit and let the miners earnings from a fee market be determined by volume and not cost. Personally I dislike the idea of having to pay anything above the base rate. I'm the kind of person who chooses 3-5 working days for delivery because it's the lowest cost option. Why are we not focused of keeping as much of our hard earned Bitcoin as possible in the face of a forced fee market? It doesn't make sense to me.
@_date: 2016-03-02 15:18:59
That's a ridiculous response. If the block size were large enough the means required to spam the network would increase hugely, the increased cap would render spam attacks on the current scale useless.
@_date: 2016-03-02 13:59:36
Still pretty cheap for those in the 1% world income bracket, yeah. But what about the rest of the world?
@_date: 2016-01-30 22:33:36
As opposed to what? I don't understand this subreddit sometimes. What's the problem?
@_date: 2016-01-30 22:18:53
I'm curious what about a Classic you consider a "mess". Just whether it's grounded in fact, considering it's identical to Core in every aspect of it's code aside from the 2MB block size increase, or is a politically charged statement.
You're not really saying anything of substance in your comment, there's a lot of intentionally misleading terms; such as "*seems* like" and "or whatever", it's just another client proposal after XT, it's nothing untoward, and neither was XT. Then, "*Like* someone just pulled the idea out their arse." What part? It's the same as Core bar a 2MB increase to allow for more transactions and freedom from Blockstreams agenda. And "normally expect", as if there's even a precedent from running this kind of project, and using the economic value as a way of making it seem daunting and unmanageable, as though more noughts and a dollar sign makes this any harder than a consensus. As though Core, with Blockstream whispering sweet Sith like nothing's in the developers ears and censoring almost all discussion regarding alternatives, is completely above board and the right way to go.
All that said, feel free to try and convince me of your side of the argument. I'm interested to see why you're so averse to trialling something new when if it didn't work out, we could always just hard fork right back onto Core.
@_date: 2016-01-30 22:22:24
Well said. This guy's just scaremongering. Look at his emotive language, he's trying to steer it away from the facts.
@_date: 2016-03-02 14:28:22
But could you explain why establishing high fees now is a good thing for anyone at any time? Allowing capacity for higher transaction volume at lower fees is a much better plan of action. Ideally we should be sending for as near to free as possible, it being "relatively low compared to alternatives" shouldn't be the goal. Especially when those alternatives we're measuring ourselves to are traditional banking and not the litany of cheaper means of exchanging value through other crypto currencies.
@_date: 2016-01-30 22:36:21
I wouldn't say I'm paranoid mate. What part makes you think that? I'll gladly clarify my position if you want to better understand what seems irrational.
@_date: 2016-01-30 22:46:46
I guess you've not paid any attention with any real scrutiny to anything Luke JR or Adam Back, and Greg Maxwell, have said? True, he was stoned, it's unprofessional, sure, but no more than the comments of the others I've mentioned. Either way I consider him to be the less gathered of the Toomim brothers. I trust J.Toomim.
@_date: 2016-01-31 18:55:41
The thought that if the Core developers lost control they would just walk away saddens me. They're talented guys, surely they could learn from their mistakes regarding the community and take a more communal approach going forward. Making proposals that'd find their way into Classic, seeing as those guys seem a lot more willing to accept when ideas from people I view as being on the same team; Seen from their willingness to incorporate SegWit alongside their promise to increase block size.
Bitcoin is fundamentally democratic though, and it's Core's inability to engage with the public in a reasonable compromise, something the miners over in China agreed with, is reprehensible in my opinion. They can't just say "tough" and stick to their roadmap when the community, made up of node runners and miners who secure the network, disagree.
using the term conspiracy with regards to Blockstream is damaging to the simple concept of a vested interest. Sure, it might not be an agreement in writing, but when a company who hands you over that sum of money, you're likely to want to push things like SegWit a little harder than just upping the block size.
If Core upped to 2MB I'd be a little less discouraged by their actions, but I think we need to new blood. Saying Classic is a start up is fact though. Any negative connotation that goes along with that is due to misconception of what a start up has become today. I trust both groups to do the right thing, they both have a lot of talent amongst them, and at this point, I prefer the sound of a Classic due to what I believe is a slight leaning from Core toward keeping block sizes small on the basis that it would benefit their business partner who helped keep the lights on. That's not a stretch and certainly not conspiratory.
Also, the latest debacle of removing Mike Hearn's code for the thinning of blocks makes Core look like straight up saboteurs. I'm interested to see how that one pans out.
Edit; And here we can see how the block thinning removal is panning out, with some detective work and sources provided. 
@_date: 2016-01-30 22:27:26
That's a bit of a drastic position, happy to see everyone willing to try another course of action away from the dictatorship of Blockstream and Core's inability to engage and understand the wills of the Bitcoin community.
And considering if they prove to not be up for the job we can just as easily depose them, it's really a null issue. And as though having not coded in some time makes them any less reliable, nor does it make it odd. Is it strange to take a gap year then go back into academia? It's possible to take a break and not lose all credibility. And for all we know they're still in contact with Hearn as well, It's not like they're no longer friends and professionals in the same circles. We aren't privy to all that goes on amongst these people.
Also, *you just said Classic is run by complete amateurs, then said Jeff and Gavin haven't coded for some time*. They've done it before, they haven't just been mind wiped and lost all their ability.
@_date: 2016-01-30 22:52:01
A bunch of nobodies would be what the Core developers were considered before this project came under their control. It's a beef with Core that's hindering Bitcoin in the long term. The blocks containing transactions are full. How do you propose we increase that volume sooner rather than later? Why do we need clever alternatives when changing a 1 to a 2 is all that's needed to give some much needed breathing room? Their motives are dictated by Blockstream, and the money they received from Blockstream is a huge conflict of interest no matter how you look at this. Blockstream is selling private settlement networks. It's business plan requires a Bitcoin with a small block size. This hurts Bitcoin.
"As far a you've seen." Exactly. We don't *see* everything that goes on behind closed doors. They could be in contact for 12 hours every day and we wouldn't know. Just assume the best, that someone willing to challenge the roadmap of Core in such a huge undertaking would have some semblance of sanity. The fact that Jeff and Gavin support them gives me confidence in them.
@_date: 2016-01-31 16:45:51
Are you going to judge each team on their merits or just blindly follow Core? I'm in the camp that says, let's try something else, and if it doesn't work, well let's fork right back to Core. That's how Bitcoin was envisioned to work. There's a vote approximately every 10 minutes. And could you give some facts as to why Classic is such a bad idea? What information came to light? You're unfairly attributing some sort of divine power to the Core developers by virtue of being the ones "at the reins". Nobody should be "at the reins" - Every step on Bitcoin's roadmap should be part of a consensus, with everyone having their opinion heard, and a majority should be able to implement their decision. Not a dictatorship where the wills of the community aren't considered part of their vision. That's plain wrong. You're reasserting your position by reiterating how stupid Classic is without providing any solid facts, whilst claiming that Core's inability to act when faced with adversity, in the form of full blocks, and ignoring voices in the community is somehow solid.
And it's not a manufactured crisis. Take a look at any post on this subreddit, but change the address bar to unreddit, and see what gets removed. That's censorship, mate. It's not good for anyone. Look at some of Luke Jr's statements and tell me the character assassinations aren't justified. Recently there was a comment, I forget who by, claiming that J Toomim supports changing the cap on the amount of Bitcoin, when it's entirely falsified and cherry picked from his actual statement, merely saying it *could* be changed, as that's the nature of Bitcoin.
If you want to be a part of this argument between the two clients, you need to acknowledge the misinformation spread by the people at Core. Misleading people to believe hard forks are any more dangerous, relying solely on a hard fork seeming more difficult than a soft fork due to the terminology. And their incredibly skewed position in raising the transaction volume allowed on the block chain due to corporate interest in off chain private solutions thanks to the huge monetary donation from Blockstream. This eventuality would also increase centralisation, making Bitcoin more vulnerable to attacks through these private settlement networks.
And just so you know, I'm not down voting you based on a difference of opinion. I'm just having a debate here, don't discredit just because you can with a button. Challenge my points.
@_date: 2016-03-02 16:02:07
Yet a lot of other experts say this is true, which means to say my deduction is right.
@_date: 2016-02-12 20:33:28
It's not a hostile takeover if miners have to opt in. If the 75% isn't reached, nothing happens. Everyone has a choice in how this pans out, and that choice will be based on technological and economic merit.
@_date: 2016-02-01 17:59:12
As long as the infrastructure is capable of that kind of capacity I'm fine with it being at levels you'd see with Visa or PayPal, yes. I'd prefer something dynamic and adaptive, but matching existing means would be a step in the right direction. I believe cryptocurrencies could surpass them in total transactions per second though, if the fees remain low, because of a bank account not being necessary to hold them.
@_date: 2016-02-14 18:51:04
On the flip side, what does Core offer to solve even one problem, such as the block size issue? SegWit in a few months while the transactions are close to full now, even then it won't do much in real terms to allow additional capacity. And you're behaving as though Core's roadmap on the issues you raise is any clearer. You ask if I see the pattern, but it's a pattern you've created. Of course I'll see a pattern if you're writing in that fashion. Classic will address those real problems as well, as any developer would do in that situation, but first things first. Block size. I doubt the skilled developers in either side are completely ignoring any of the scaling problems you mention, but you can't deny that raising to 2MB is at least a step in the right direction, and that the Core developers have resorted to very dirty tactics, from censorship to legal counsel which would threaten the entire cryptocurrency landscape were it not lies. All I'm taking away from this is that Core is activity preventing one simple way to increase transaction capacity.
Tell me though, why would raising the block size cripple the network? Most aclassic supporters are also pro SegWit and Lightning Network. Hell, we're largely pro *anything* that'll improve Bitcoin's capacity to scale. 2MB is one of those things. And Core doesn't seem to want to go there, for no good reason, aside from their conflicting interest in creating private settlement layers. That's what I'm seeing, and to me that's enough to want to see some new blood. New, competent blood in the form of Jeff Garzik and Gavin Andresen, who are just as talented as those behind Core.
Maybe everyone doesn't have a choice when it comes down to reaching the threshold, that's up to the miners, but everyone has a chance to learn all the facts and align themselves. They can then vote by choosing which client they want to run based on which features they like. That's healthy competition.
@_date: 2016-02-22 23:40:17
I'm not about to go digging, considering this is an opinion I've come to having read a lot of examples, but it's along the lines of them refusing the acknowledge anyone's say in this but their own and generally speaking down to people. The way which they've lied about the nature of hard forks and soft forks to deliberately skew the belief that soft forking segwit is safer than a hard forked block increase; Which they now claim to be planning for next year, which to me seems like more stalling. Then of course the rampant censorship of r/Bitcoin that has controlled the main talking points surrounding both sides, which to me is the most unforgivable act; Stifling information at it source and not allowing people to form their own opinions. The Core side wouldn't resort to this had they a sound argument.
Look through my comment history, too. You'll find a fair amount of what you're looking for. You should read Satoshi's white paper. What Blockstream, most of them are Core developers, is doing is removing the decentralised, open source nature of Bitcoin by claiming theirs is the only way forward and calling any alternative an "altcoin". Again, I have a huge problem with that. With mining being centralised largely in China, which was not Satoshi's original vision, lobbying is made incredibly easy. And I feel that Blockstream has a conflict of interest in creating private settlement layers, which is their business plan and what they received $75 million to implement, and crippling Bitcoin blockchain's base userability by creating a fee market. Fees should be as cheap as possible to allow mass adoption, but Blockstream want money. They earn nothing from that eventuality.
I wish I'd saved more specific examples, but members of the r/btc community have, they're posted regularly. I'll see if anyone is willing to contribute to a single post cataloging all the instances over there, I'm sure people would like to see that.
@_date: 2016-02-23 00:15:48
This article was just posted. Someone did the work!
@_date: 2016-02-01 01:38:55
Yeah, that's it. The blocks are currently full at 1MB. By raising to 2MB it gives us some breathing room, and allows a bit more growth whilst we acheive consensus on a more permanent solution, such as dynamic block sizes.
@_date: 2016-02-23 01:53:49
Well then you and I are at an impasse, I guess. That article strengthens my resolve if anything. But, differences aside, don't you think it's strange how both of us reading the same article can come away with such polar opposite stances? Like, both of us are looking to cement our own views. Funny, really. We likely won't convince each other, so yeah, an impasse.
@_date: 2016-02-23 12:50:17
I would say mountains of data support larger blocks. You can cherry pick information all you'd like mate, but from what I've seen there's no good reason not to make the blocks bigger. Speculating on human nature doesn't count. Humans are brilliant beings, we aren't all lazy. Assuming people wouldn't seek to improve something that's already "working" is a huge discredit to the species; Countless innovations have led to where we are today. We have effectively shrunk the world by inventing planes and the Internet. We have learned to harvest the Sun's energy for clean, endless power. I think humans are ingenious, Core assumes they're unmotivated without a weight bearing down on them.
@_date: 2016-02-23 18:03:24
I will, thanks for the recommendation. I still think a modest block size increase, perhaps up to 3-4MB, including SegWit is the best way to go whilst waiting on Moore's Law to catch up, especially since we're on the cusp of mainstream acceptance that'll only increase after the halvening booms the price.
@_date: 2016-02-22 18:43:27
You can't be serious. Core, remaining professional? Both sides have been pretty unprofessional from what I've seen, and I support Classic.
@_date: 2016-02-23 16:27:46
r/BTC has some shared views, yes, but is certainly not an echo chamber and neither is r/Bitcoin. Different people can come to similar conclusions without just parroting each other.
Give me your proof in links then, please. If it's so indisputable, why do you expect me to take it based on what you're saying? I can't just take your word for it mate, sorry. If you can give me information sufficient enough to change my stance, I will.
Also, stop using caps. It's incredibly disrespectful and the equivalent of shouting in my face.
@_date: 2016-02-23 12:31:10
I think that article gave facts which support my position, but alright. You're entitled to view it through whatever tint of lense you like, I'd recommend giving it a glance without the rose though. Whilst the words of Core may seem perfectly legitimate, they're largely well spoken in those comments, the problem is that they're speculating wildly and predicting the worst case to support their position. Assuming developers will stop seeking solutions if there isn't an artificial cap put on the block size? Sure, alright. Because programmers don't like making their code more efficient, or seeking to make improvements to the system they're working on.. Maybe that's their attitude towards engineering block size increases, to only act when they *need* to, but it certainly isn't others. Classic exists for a reason. That's proof their statements are wrong; Classic as mined 4 blocks. If people really didn't care about making improvements when "They're not really needed", there'd be no motivation to even start Classic when they could just leave Core to it. Assuming that the base desire of everyone is to rest on their laurels gives humans no credit. And even they've been working on things that aren't influenced direct pressure, such as RBF; Which a large portion of the community don't even want. 
There's no good reason not to raise the block size, that's what this article proves.
@_date: 2016-02-01 11:34:15
I don't deny that they're not always full, but at peak usage they have been. Bitcoin's transaction capacity should be well above what it can reach at peak time.
I'm concerned that with blocks being full, as they have been in the past, transactions take longer to clear as they're pushed back, requiring larger fees to be included in blocks sooner. I would prefer the fee market to be as low as possible, if only to allow Bitcoin to stimulate growth around the world, circumventing the articificial "high risk" zones set by banks, resulting in millions of unbanked people's in African nations, parts of South America, and across Asia. And in removing the unnecessarily high fees set by banks to transfer money overseas we might see a renaissance in trade, being able to connect with merchants the world over with needless hurdles, much like how we all communicate over the Internet. Admittedly there's someone doing that job and you're paying they're wages but it's extortionate paying around £20 to send say, £50 to Spain, which I've tried to do in the past.
When people realise to how revolutionary crypto currencies are, and with Bitcoin being the most well known and popular, would you rather we be hamstrung? Personally I want dynamic block sizes, where it adapts in the fly and prevents human interference, but whilst we look for a better alternative to 1MB, 2MB will suffice, such that we aren't caught with our trousers down should people cotton on.
@_date: 2016-02-23 14:53:58
Have a read of what the other side is saying and leave your prejudice at the door. I read both r/BTC and r/Bitcoin, as well as a litany of others sources for my information, and have come to find my own reasons for believing what I do; You can't change that, just as you are entitled to hold you own opinion, but have a read of the other side, please. See how we can read the same article and come to a difference conclusion because of the way we're thinking.
@_date: 2016-02-23 17:57:19
I've read the link. But tell me, why 2MB is bad? Nothing in that article tells us it's necessarily bad. It just comes back to the Core developer argument that people will come to "expect increase" - Which they won't if there's a sound argument to combat it, such as exceeding 3MB would make blocks harder to propogate within China. So why not 2MB? It's below the 3MB where problems begin with receiving blocks through the Great Firewall of China. And with SegWit thrown in we'd probably be okay up to 3-4MB. Besides, hopefully raising the block size coupled with the issues with the GFoC will increase the need for decentralising mining, or at least more varied centralised locations. Effectively limiting the vast amount of power these small groups of people hold, which we should all welcome regardless of side. Soon their hardware will become largely obsolete anyway, and without a doubling of price after the halvening it'll be lacklustre, and smaller groups of miners getting together with newer hardware outside of China should help. Whoever holds the most mining power will shift over time, more companies will start making hardware once Bitcoin proves itself - For this, it needs increased capacity to prove it isn't hamstrung. We need a modest increase at least.
Also, what of Moore's Law? A raise to 2MB now wouldn't cause a grand disturbance, but would raise the ceiling for more transactions before the halvening, which must trigger a price boom for miners' sake, whilst allowing us to wait for more average users to have access to better hardware. People will flock to Bitcoin after this point. We should at least be more prepared than what are full blocks now.
Also, it seems like you're making the assumption that increased adoption wouldn't increase the amount of nodes. I'm going to run one myself, along with mining, once I can afford to buy the hardware.
We can have a civilised discussion about this mate, really. Just don't use caps and speak to me like a person, please. 
@_date: 2016-02-23 12:39:25
I didn't go digging, that was all I had off the top of my head. I started a thread of r/btc asking folks to submit anything they might have proving uprofessional conduct from Core and/or Blockstream and they've delivered in spades. Check it out.
@_date: 2016-02-22 18:40:32
At the very least they represent my views, and a good handful of others who I interact with daily. Your statement is wrong, they are considering what some members of the community want.
@_date: 2016-02-23 12:40:43
I gave a few loose ones, but check out my comment history. There's a post on r/btc which I created so that people could put their evidence of Core/Blockstream unprofessional conduct in one place for all to see.
@_date: 2016-02-23 12:43:30
And you're entitled to your opinion mate, really. As long as you're going to take an unbiased look at everything, which it seems you are, I'm confident you'll come to a well thought out conclusion. Personally I see unfounded technical speculation to be unprofessional. Assuming nobody would seek to improve Bitcoin without external pressure is nonsense, for example. There's no good reason not to raise the block size, that to me is a technical fact.
@_date: 2015-04-23 19:41:47
The Dogecoin community and Dogecoin in general isn't something to dislike, but this quote is damaging to everything cryptocurrencies stand for and can be for the world. This guy's talking out his arse.
@_date: 2015-04-16 10:46:08
Doing Satoshi's work, my son. Jokes aside, nice one, thanks for the link.
@_date: 2015-04-15 11:14:43
Would've liked to hear about this in advance if you're allowed to attend. Anyone know how I'd best keep up to date with these goings on?
@_date: 2015-03-18 22:19:17
I don't think Litecoin offers anything different except another standard which people will fall to if they decide to not go with Bitcoin, that's all. I would have thought it's the second stop for most. When Bitcoin becomes more and more mainstream and mining dominated by more central mining operations, people will look to an alternative. I'm merely speculating that it'll likely be LTC or DOGE.
@_date: 2016-05-19 14:54:52
Alright, agree to disagree then, man. I hope Bitcoin works out for us both.
@_date: 2015-03-25 17:20:35
I know you weren't mate, it just seemed that way with your initial comment, that's all. And yes, holding currency in these dubious exchanges is dumb, everyone should know this.
@_date: 2015-03-24 14:30:22
I'm not looking to argue here, so don't read me like that. Rather I'd like to have a discussion, as it helps me remember why I'm involved!
1. Negligible transaction fees makes Bitcoin a great alternative when transferring money. Imagine how is would benefit those who work abroad by enabling them to avoid middlemen and the strict parameters required to sign up for a bank account, such as long term residency or a specific citizenship.
2. Bitcoin is infinitly divisible and can react as adoption increases, but how is having another form of money which remains in the hands of a few going to change things? Every medium of bartering will inevitably have those who hold more of what's being traded. An elected governments protect the sovereignty of what they own by printing more and struggling to maintain inflation, Bitcoin does is by creating smaller denominations of worth as price increases.
3. We already do. But hopefully those heavily involved in Bitcoin are a little more open minded than the oil consortiums, war mongerers, monarchs and the like which run the world now.
4. Once the rewards become too low the creation of new coins will likely be centralised to large mining locations anyway. We don't need all the Bitcoin's in circulation for them to hold value, and with the difficulty increasing it also drives development of ASIC's and creates jobs.
5. Why?
@_date: 2015-03-25 16:42:45
I replied to another of your comments, good to see you didn't mean it that way, but we can't read your inflections man, you came across as one of *those* kinds of snooty bastards.
@_date: 2016-05-19 12:00:19
That's true to an extent, but do you have absolutely zero fear going into the halvening? If that's the case it's my belief you're being naive. Any coin could take up Bitcoin's mantle, that's the main competition, not this nonsensical infighting over speculative centralisation when most competing block chains have routed around the concept of a Blocksize which can be dictated by humans. 
I'll move to any coin that willingly removes any points of human failure during its development. In its current state, Bitcoin is in the hands of a few and represents their interests. r/BTC wants their altcoin investments pumped; Of course they do, and Bitcoin supporters want the same for BTC. Why is it okay for one coin and not other coin communities? Do you really believe in this *one true coin* mentality?
Also you can't claim that on the one side those over at r/BTC want Bitcoin to fail. It doesn't result in any positives for *any* cryptocurrency in the grander narrative; If Bitcoin dies, so too will many other coins which they're likely invested in. Sure the narrative breeds life into altcoins, but they're just getting press naturally because of the worry caused by Bitcoin's full blockchain being vulnerable to attacks.
Most of us over at r/BTC don't like the fact that we have felt the need to diversify, this is evident from how much we still want Bitcoin to succeed even when there are plenty of robust alternatives. But sticking 100% to Core's game plan isn't what we signed up for in this open source project. I'm still interested to see what will happen and will continue to share my opinion on Bitcoin, as well as hodling, despite having hedged my bets in a few alts. 
If that makes me a bad Bitcoiner, so be it. I'm not a Bitcoiner, I'm a guy who believes in the trust less nature of cryptocurrency; Core's request for faith when blocks are full is falling on deaf ears, all I see is inaction and a simple solution.
If the current full blocks are spam transactions, as claimed by a few vocal Core developers, then raising the block size, at the very least to reduce attack vectors by a huge margin, should be a priority. That alone should be sufficient motivation to increase security, but all I see is stalling. For what reason, eh, I'd rather not get into it. Get accused of being a tinfoil hat wearer over here for considering a list of possibilities.
@_date: 2015-03-27 11:34:02
I don't think some people in this thread are reading anything about who OP's friend is.. He knows about Bitcoin, has asked questions and seems to be technologically inclined. Giving him BTC for a gift makes perfect sense in this scenario and OP knows his friend.
Throwing a load of hypotheticals out there, and even suggesting that asking someone whether they accept Bitcoin is an imposition is a bizarre attitude. As long as you're polite who gives a fuck? Just have a chat with whomever. Sure, there's the "you're peddling your investment" angle, but to know about Bitcoin's technology, such as utilising existing cryptographic security in SHA, the negligible transaction fees, and the instantaneous middleman-free payments, you'll no doubt come off a little evangelical without explaining completely. At this point it requires a lot of understanding to have faith in BTC and it feels a burden to impart that knowledge on others who may or may not be interested - That's why asking if people accept BTC is perfectly okay.
I often go into shops purely to ask if they accept Bitcoin, but that's tactical. "Did I lose a sale because I'm not accepting BTC?" maybe, Shopkeep.. Maybe you'll do some reading, maybe you won't. You leave it their hands without telling them what to do.
@_date: 2015-03-25 19:55:24
It's nothing to do with Bitcoin but rather the positivity of a few holders, a naivety we can all hopefully empathise with - my point is that we're all still learning the do's and don't's of a new paradigm. A few people will stumble along the way as this is what it means to be a pioneer. But it's up to us who learned from their mistakes to pick them up, dust them off and give thanks that it wasn't us!
@_date: 2015-03-18 20:29:24
Any number of altcoins can exist without encroaching on the lions share of the media spotlight that Bitcoin currently enjoys, and it's breathing room over the last few years that'll see Bitcoin be the word on everyone's lips when cryptocurrencies come to the fore. That, and Dogecoin, purely by it piercing the social sphere and because it's inflationary. Litecoin is a possibility as well, because of its reputation as the silver to BTC's gold. Then will come the coins that offer something different that the popular Proof of Work coins can't, like Reddcoin with it's Point of Stake Value algorithm.
The growth of any bartering system, trading anything of "value", is dictated by adoption. There'll be smaller coins with very niche applications, unless the wheel gets reinvented then runs us all over which I don't see happening - As I said, they can all exist alongside each other.
@_date: 2015-03-27 11:16:52
Yeah, that guy Mallaby does seem a little phallus-ey.
@_date: 2015-03-27 01:09:09
Dogecoin is an inflationary cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2015-02-04 12:12:41
Aziz Ansari and Danny Pudi, the former cast as an ageing guy painted as a creeper despite being just a normal guy who represents some cultural gold jewelry out of tradition and to show off to parents etc, has a weak hairline, a beard, and doesn't understand the stereotyping. And the latter as an intelligent light skinned man of Middle Eastern descent, who is often mistaken for other olive skinned races due to an evident national phobia, and both his parents are Westernised despite being recent immigrants.. They meet and team up.. And, ermm, Danny wants to get in touch with his roots, but Aziz just wants to be rich, relevant and get women, so they make a cryptocurrency.
Aziz takes advantage of Danny, shows him bogus religious stuff, turns out they aren't even of the same religious background. Danny storms off, shit happens, then they fix everything with the crypto and one of them gets a girl.
"*Hash Brown*" - Rated PG-13..
@_date: 2015-02-04 10:54:05
"Tries to pay his rent in Bitcoin, whatever those are." Followed by a screw face look around from Mr Lead.
It's starting to strike a chord as the thing people older generations and those less technologically minded are proud to be ignorant of. It reminds me of those internet gags that were so prevalent and then reanimated by that uninspired, and about a decade too late, Wilson/Vaughn comedy The Internship.
I can't wait till cryptocurrencies get their factually inaccurate and grossly over exaggerated buddy film in which two people need something to help &lt;blank&gt; and decide to make their own coin along with a few ethnically and sexually diverse multi-gendered friends. *With hilarious results!*
@_date: 2015-03-25 16:40:47
That's a terrible attitude, why must you scorn the guy to get a point across? He should keep hold of them himself and invest a little of what would be spent in BTC in securely holding them with a Trezor or whatever, but still, give the guy a break.