@_author: mc_schmitt
@_date: 2018-05-28 15:56:35
Yeah I'm not sold on a QC advance being a major threat to cryptocurrency mining. For one multiple reasons: 
1. The speedup just isn't there.
2. You'd still have to write the code. 
3. You'd end up in the ASIC situation, where a few people get a slight advantage for a bit and then everyone gets that advantage.
So Quantum Computers I don't think would be the arbitrator of a 51% attack, rather instead it would be a company growing to that size to do so. I hope there's a solution that comes up before then. 
Some very serious considerations need to happen for the signature algorithm however. The NSA is, NIST is taking entries, pqcrypto.org has been talking about it for a decade now, Google has been testing it in your browser - it's just standard practice.
@_date: 2018-05-19 19:33:09
Disclaimer: I'm a moderator of QRL (The Quantum Resistant Ledger), so take what I say with a grain of salt if you will.
The best paper in this area has been [Quantum Attacks on Bitcoin, and how to protect against them]( (2017-10-28) which models the progress of gate speed, gate fidelity and overall qubits to make the statement: "On the other hand, the elliptic curve signature scheme used by Bitcoin is much more at risk, and could be completely broken by a quantum computer as early as 2027, by the most optimistic estimates".
I'm not going to lie, 9 years seems like a long ways away, but cryptographers work with generally long timelines, which why [they're standardizing now]( and have been [talking about it in an organized fashion for a long time, ~2006]( It's also why [google has been experimenting with PQ Crypto since 2016 in Google chrome](
What I'm getting at is preparations for both centralized and decentralized systems need to start now or soon, and decentralized systems even earlier. While 5 years does seem unrealistic, this isn't something that I think bitcoin should be waiting *until* it's a problem, especially as it approaches a trillion dollar marketcap (speculation, but this year?). To put another way, the chance of a black swan event might be low, but the severity would be very high. I wont get into difficulties of migration to a Post-Quantum scheme.
I guess, I use BTC day to day (or at least week to week) and would like to see a *precautionary* approach rather than a reactionary one. There are issues to overcome like scaling, but the bottom line is that it's the security that's the basis of the bitcoin ledger and without it, everything falls apart. 
If it falls apart, I will have to keep on using banks for much longer.
@_date: 2018-05-27 19:50:28
Man you're a fast watch.
I don't know who made the assertion that it's SHA256 that would be cracked in 5 to 100 years. Hashing is fine (ahem, for the most part), it's the secp256k1 used in bitcoin (ECDSA in general) - and it's at risk of Quantum Computing due to algorithms like Shor's, which, one of the premises of that is that it's hard for classical computers to factor large numbers but will be easy for Quantum Computers (a la Shor's). The source of *that* is actually right at the time I linked *in my first reply* to you.
In the talk (which is honestly wide ranging from the principles of Quantum Mechanics that go into Quantum Computers to Microsofts developments) he doesn't go into the models of the *progression* of quantum computers. Ergo, I can't meet the requirement to link to a part in the video where he makes a claim of when it will be a problem.
For that you'd want to look at [Quantum attacks on bitcoin and how to protect against them]( - which models the progression of quantum computers and gives a date of 2027. It also gives some post quantum cryptography options but strangely doesn't go into what it would take to implement them unless I forgot that part (it's still a really good paper though!). There is *another* paper that does so, but doesn't go into what would be used or what it would take to implement the new Post Quantum resistant public key signature scheme (separate discussion, paper reads as more academic anyway)...
When the NSA is announcing preliminary plans for transitioning to Quantum Resistant Algorithms (mentioned because you say 'please alert the governments' in another comment), Google is testing it in your browser (ahem, if you use Chrome), and you have IBM, Google, Microsoft, etc investing in this space... as well as NIST doing round 1 submissions for Post Quantum algorithms, I think it's something to pay attention to.
Have sources if desired (please specify which ones you want however)
@_date: 2018-05-20 07:27:31
This complacency on this issue seems common (for some reason) in the cryptocurrency space in general. Maybe it's because it's not fundamentally an attractive feature. It doesn't make your transactions faster, or cheaper, or more energy efficient, or give it smart contract abilities... none of that. It just makes it more secure, but that's the exact foundation a ledger should have.
@_date: 2018-05-27 19:27:05
Not obsolete, things need to be upgraded all the time. It's just easier with centralized systems.
There's a talk I was just watching on this that speaks a bit about it. Honestly though, if you want to know the state of QC's, it's overall a good video (circa 2016) and I encourage anyone to watch it through (it's ~50 minutes, but I can highlight some other sections if you wish):
@_date: 2018-05-27 21:20:31
I never made that claim so no. SHA256 is a hash function, the concern with Bitcoin, HTTPS, etc is ECDSA.
@_date: 2017-02-24 07:05:56
Do you do 2FA?
- If not, it's a good precautionary measure.
- If yes, it's a good precautionary measure (just less severe to you).
I'm expecting the final score on this bug to be not quite as high as it's being made out to be.
Edit: I want to clarify, right now bug of the century? I mean I don't know if it's *that bad*.
@_date: 2017-02-24 16:37:11
That's what it sounds like to me. Or rather that somewhere in cache may lie your password, or session.
Honestly, though caches can stay around for a while, they often clear too. And I'm not sure if we're talking plain text passwords or encrypted.. or just session ids. 
My strategy has been to change all important passwords without 2FA and that use cloudflare, and not worry about the rest, and just change them on the same schedule (So I changed a few of mine, and all of clients accounts). 
The one who found the vulnerability seems to think cloudflare is downplaying it, I think they're not, or that it lies somewhere in between. But then again, the one that found the vulnerability is effectively WAY smarter than I am in this area.
In some ways the cache stars have to align for people to get your data.
@_date: 2017-02-25 13:19:23
Oh thanks. I wasn't sure post went through them... And I missed that completely.
@_date: 2017-02-23 22:13:56
Aye, so does RBC know you're withdrawing from kraken? No bank seems to want to come out and say publicly that they support it - or at least wont freeze your account. I keep on seeing RBC, but no public statement for example.
@_date: 2017-02-24 17:15:10
I'm pretty new here. This was hilarious for a first time experience.
Sorry. I'll probably start downvoting after the 2nd time I see it though.
@_date: 2018-10-06 23:58:29
3,000 Error corrected Qubits for ECDSA (secp256k1 in Bitcoin) are required to extract private keys from public keys *or* a Quantum Simulator (a more specialised Quantum Computer) that can do that. The hash isn't the thing that we need to worry about.
@_date: 2018-06-16 06:01:42
It's a lot easier to update systems you control (centralized) than decentralized immutable blockchains. You probably wont notice it, just one day you'll be logging into your bank/facebook/google/netscape account and bam, it'll be Quantum Resistant.
And yes, there is a way to secure information against a quantum computer, they're testing it today. This month, [Microsoft added Post-Quantum Cryptography to an OpenVPN fork]( for example... and bought Github... what are they up to? This isn't the Microsoft I remember.
@_date: 2018-06-08 20:51:58
Disclaimer: Moderator of r/QRL here (The Quantum Resistant Ledger). 
With current computers, [no amount of price]( as it would take the age of the universe to calculate. Quantum computers is a different story, but isn't feasible yet. So our story is [2027]( when they might be feasible.
To go about this, Alexander Gnip put together an article (and code) analyzing [how many bitcoins are vulnerable to a hypothetical quantum attack]( from the perspective of a hacker who has his hands on a powerful enough quantum computer.
Alexander, through a series of scripts run on a classical computer (using a single powerful workstation, reasonable for a 'heist' of this size), proceeds to find a 150,000 btc address. In order to get to this address first, I imagine you'd have to get early access to a QC, and maybe pay someone (or a lot of people) off. Say that costs $1,000,000 - don't really know if you're hiring a team or a computer at that point but that seems like a reasonable amount. For you to break even, bitcoin would need to be about $7 USD/btc. If it's a billion to rent/access a QC, then it would need to be about $7,000 per BTC to break even.
With that said, who has a billion dollars sitting around?
@_date: 2019-10-05 17:20:00
For Bitcoin and the blockchain space who uses ECC which is vulnerable to an attack using a sufficiently powerful enough quantum computer? Don't even suggest it. Despite all the blockchain infrastructure built around ECC, or the fact that individuals will need to upgrade, or that there's a different set of considerations for pq crypto, BTC will *simply* fork. Easy peasy, end of discussion (see another comment suggesting some issues with forks).
The only people who should be taking this threat seriously is Google and other organizations, which they are: [ 
Basically, those who have a desire to secure high value systems have plans at least written down by now, if not some form of testnet going (ie. There's at least one for TLS). It's amazingly also *not* political outside of blockchain, just an evolution if you will... a teeter totter. I'd classify it as boring really but the politics of blockchain has made it interesting and controversial!
@_date: 2018-06-03 15:44:46
[Why would there]( [be so]( [much]( [concern with]( [Quantum Computers everywhere]( [except for Bitcoin](
Also, pretty good talk on the state of Quantum Computers 2 years ago: 
@_date: 2019-12-15 19:33:58
The most immediate benefit of XMSS are reusable addresses (great for identity), but having a tree of signatures provides other benefits like the possibility to have deterministic addresses to give people without revealing their primary address and history to a payor. See: [
@_date: 2019-04-30 16:27:53
This is where stablecoins are attractive to businesses, it's just too bad they're centralised and pegged to something. I do agree that with adoption stability will increase, and that can be seen today by looking at the [bitcoin volatility index]( The BTC of 2011 was much more volatile than 2019 - but not quite stable enough for cautious businesses. I disagree about this being less than 1 year however - maybe 2 to 5, but it's going to be glorious when it happens.
As for quantum computing, NIST has put out a [call for post quantum signature schemes]( Separately, they intend to approve XMSS (a quantum resistant signature scheme) [in a limited range of applications]( [The QRL]( is on the forefront of this as an "Externally audited enterprise-grade blockchain platform secure against an attack from quantum computers.". As a disclaimer, I'm on their team and hold QRL. If there's any questions, just ask.
@_date: 2019-01-15 21:00:00
"Even in the advent of a quantum apocalypse, where a powerful enough quantum computer suddenly pops up somewhere in the world, Bitcoin already has a mitigation mechanism. \*By using only one-time addresses, the quantum computer can never even have a shot at cracking the encryption key of the user.\*"
Not all wallets do this, but I do think it should be standard practice. It should be noted, however, that this only \*decreases\* the chance, doesn't stop it out right. There's still the ability for a quantum computer to steal your private key and post a new transaction with a higher sat/byte to his own address. This also means giving a new address out each and everytime you spend - not very userfriendly.
@_date: 2019-01-14 01:12:05
I think it sums it up pretty well with "it’s going to be a complex solution". While there's no simple upgrade (ie. There's no drop in replacement for ECDSA... yet), there's currently post-quantum cryptography that can be run *on* classical machines vs securing things with quantum particles that are entangled in time (which ultimately might be the future).
In the blockchain space, we have
\- Winternitz OTS+ (r/IOTA is currently using in mainnet)  
\- BLISS (r/Cardano is looking to using in the future)  
\- XMSS (r/QRL is currently using in mainnet) (as a disclaimer I'm from this project)
@_date: 2018-04-04 23:28:10


While not Shor's exactly, it's been brought up in the QRL discord that D-Wave has been demonstrated to be able to perform prime factorisation: 
"We investigate prime factorization from two perspectives: quantum annealing and computational algebraic geometry, specifically Gr\"obner bases. We present a novel scalable algorithm which combines the two approaches and leads to the factorization of all bi-primes up to just over 200000, the largest number factored to date using a quantum processor."




Awesome distinction and summary!
@_date: 2018-04-10 15:31:51
Might be worth a read are [Quantum attacks on Bitcoin, and how to protect against them]( and maybe [Committing to Quantum Resistance: A Slow Defence for Bitcoin against a Fast Quantum
Computing Attack]( By 'slow' they mean the user needs to lock his funds for 6 months.
@_date: 2017-06-13 03:23:06
Reddit took a bit to get their scaling ducks in a row, and they aren't dealing with people's finances.
I'd rather downtime than a buggy scaling issue.
@_date: 2019-05-03 19:06:04
True! And this can easily happen. 
Buddy: Hey Jack, Happy birthday, I sent 0.1 BTC, don't spend it all in one place!  
Jack: Wait, what address? Shit, it's gone now.  
Buddy: What? The address you gave me earlier?  
Jack: Yeah, no worries. Thanks, it's the thought that counts.
I'd to think it's in our control, just we're lazy and/or don't know. It doesn't help that this is outside of fixed output addresses which is common in everyday banking life.
@_date: 2019-05-03 15:29:04
It's not SHA256, but ECDSA 256, and there's three methods of attack outlined in [Quantum attacks on Bitcoin, and how to protect against them]( two of them being more prominent.
1. Is what you mention, reusing addresses. In practice this means every invoice I send I need to ensure I use a new address if I've spent from that address as the public key is revealed. This is the recommended procedure and something apps like co-pay do automatically, but it's not very user friendly. According to Alexander Gnip, [36% of bitcoin have their public key revealed]( which actually surprises me. In my invoicing example, it's very tempting to just keep the same address.
2. Unprocessed transactions. After a transaction has been broadcast to the network, the public key is revealed. From that you can use a quantum computer to derive a private key and broadcast with a higher network fee.
As for your (2), bitcoin is a decentralised system, even if we say upgrading is easy, it requires everybody to do so or to otherwise lock out those accounts, and as we've seen from how many bitcoin are currently suspect to an attack, people can be lazy.
The aim of security, where possible, should be preventative right? If I suspect it will take a userbase 10 years to upgrade, I shouldn't wait until a threat is imminent before issuing a fix.