@_author: mcgumpin
@_date: 2013-05-03 01:47:06
I did read the instructions on the ZipZap PDF file...you really don't have a choice but to because that's where your get your receive code and account number. The PDF also listed three locations from which to conduct my transaction: they were the same closed CVS's and 7-Eleven's with broken VCom machines I'd already been to. 
And having to drive 30 minutes to a Wal-mart to successfully complete this transaction when I live in a major metropolitan area is a bit absurd, don't you think?
Also, for those suggesting alternate methods like localbitcoins.com, coinbase, Dwolla-based systems, etc. the entire reason I chose bitinstant was because I wanted my BTCs *instantly*...I didn't want to wait 3-5 business days to set up a bank account transfer, or Dwolla, or whomever else, I didn't want to spend my time tracking down some shady D.C. denizen through localbitcoins in a process that's not only expensive and time-consuming, but hardly guaranteed.
As far as *instant* USD &lt;-&gt; BTC transactions, bitinstant seemed the best option. I am admittedly new to the bitcoin world, so if I missed another exchange that touts itself as convenient, accessible through multiple locations, and fast, then I'd be more than happy to try alternate services instead of dealing with bitinstant again until VCom and Moneygram get their collective shit together.
@_date: 2013-05-03 01:51:22
It wasn't a simple issue of me being "new" to the process, it was a problem of faulty equipment at the identified locations and poor customer service. 
I cannot comprehend why it is that while it's required to call the Moneygram 800 number to conduct a transaction and to have their techs authorize the Moneygram/VCom/whatever machine at your location via the location code or terminal address, ostensibly via a working network connection, that they can't therefore determine through the same network which machines/locations are actually *working* without me having to physically go to a separate location.
@_date: 2013-05-03 01:57:36
Thanks a lot...I was surprised by the negative reaction...I merely posted this thread to recount my experience and hopefully give a "head's up" on the potential difficulties others may face in using Bitinstant in the D.C. metro area.