@_author: mclhead
@_date: 2017-08-30 03:54:21
OK, I'm feeling ya. I was a blue collar guy for most of my life until circumstance turned me into a desk-jockey. The tech stuff can be intimidating when you're not used to it.
The good news is that if you can use e-mail you've got as much tech skill as you'll need to start with Bitcoin. I'm assuming you've got a home computer so that you can do these things during off-hours and not when you're out in the field working.
First off, you'll need to set up an account with an exchange to buy/sell Bitcoin. I used Gemini.com based on recommendations here, but there are others out there and differing opinions as to which is best. For the time being, the point is to choose one and get started. Go to the website of your choosing and setup an account. It took about 5 days for Gemini to verify the info I provided and after that, your account is up and running.
Next, you'll need a way to fund your Bitcoin purchases. This will mean getting your banking online if you haven't already done so. You may be able to do this from home or you may have to stop into your branch to do this. You'll want to be able to send ACH deposits from your bank account to your exchange account.
Once your exchange and bank accounts are setup, you can make deposits to the exchange from your bank account. When the deposit is cleared in the exchange account, you can begin buying Bitcoin.
The most important thing is that, once you've bought Bitcoin, you move it from the exchange into a wallet. This gives YOU, rather than the exchange, possession of your Bitcoin. There is scant regulation of exchanges, there is no "FDIC", and exchanges are vulnerable to attack. Lost Bitcoin is lost forever. There is no recourse. Be in control of your investment by storing it in a wallet and not on exchanges.
I'm not experienced enough to recommend a wallet, but there is plenty of information out there for you to make your own choice.
Finally, be careful with your investment. I'm a novice as well, and this whole thing is a bit daunting. The beauty and the danger of this new world is its decentralized nature, but that makes you all the more responsible to safeguard your Bitcoin.
I think Bitcoin has enormous potential, but there are pitfalls especially for guys like us who mightn't be used to the security protocols that more tech-savvy guys consider elementary. Don't invest more than you're prepared to lose because nobody can be sure what tomorrow will bring.