@_author: mclorpe
@_date: 2018-01-16 15:48:32
Don't hold your breath. BTC is not going to go back to those times. Maybe another currency will, but I doubt crypto in general will be like that. It's all about short-term profits now.
If anything, crypto will provide the foundation for another technology/development that will result in something far more useful (long-term). But crypto itself has basically reached the limit of its usefulness. Not because of its core features - because it does have lots of potential - but because of a community who doesn't care to go any further. 
There will be more forks and more optimizations, but that will be it. The lack of real visionaries is the real problem. No one is willing to help evolve crypto into something bigger because they care more about profits today than tomorrow's progress.
@_date: 2018-01-16 15:27:04


@_date: 2018-01-16 15:40:53
There is no "greater good" though. OP wrote:


This is bullshit. The "crypto system" is pretty much the same than the monetary system and it's the wild west of currency as well. 
The technology behind it is great, but the way it is applied isn't. In the end, it just shifts a few things here and there and creates the *feeling* of some sort of "protest" but crypto as is doesn't have the power to change anything fundamental about the system we live in. 
In order for change to happen, it would require visionaries within the community who are willing to push the limits and not only optimize the system but create something that can actually replace the current monetary system with a much more advanced system.
This is not the case, since the majority are conservatives who want to keep this going in order to make more profits as long as they can before things go south. The greed is real and it has become a big part within the crypto community.
If you don't believe me, just ask yourself this: what will happen if a major event results in the collapse of society? The current monetary system, economy, etc will collapse for sure. What will happen with crypto? Is it able to step in? No, because it relies on too many parameters to be of any value.
A superior system should be able to tank any major collapse and provide security even without electricity, paper or metals to trade and access funds despite the lack of technology. Crypto can not provide that. Maybe it never will - but that's what we need.
People focus too much on getting rich. That's why crypto is a fail. It's another short-sighted concept to secure short-term profits. Really sad, because the core concept has so much more potential.
Crypto is like a space craft that one could use to explore the universe for long-term benefits for humanity, but instead people decided to use it to get rich selling Earth-Moon travel tickets.
@_date: 2018-01-16 15:42:37
Investing in your future, assuming everything stays the way it is. How naive and short-sighted are you people to believe that the world won't change at all and everything will continue to work out just as great for hundreds of years?
You assume stability where there is none. I'm baffled.