@_author: mcpancakes
@_date: 2014-02-04 09:38:12
I completely agree. I agree with the general principle that the widely-held wishes of a subreddit ought to be entirely respected.
@_date: 2014-02-04 17:33:45
Not at all. I'm not sure how you got that out of what I said. That user has hardly posted since. He/she is just used as an example of a shocking level of generosity.
*edit:* Sorry, missed the word 'generosity' in your comment. Rereading, my reply is still 'not really'--dogefreedom is just the most memorable example. I've seen scores of users put smaller but still very generous sums toward the various causes. I don't mean to diminish their contributions.
@_date: 2014-02-04 18:00:57
That's a great idea, have someone in a position of authority say a bit about it. I'll message some people. Thanks.
@_date: 2014-02-04 18:15:00
As an outsider: I have heard of that project, yes :) I have also heard of the tree-planting the litecoiners have done. But here's the thing- that's *all* I know about. I'm not trying to say they should be advertised more in any way! What I mean is, I think the claims of non-charitability(?) that some fellow dogecoiners levy against BTC or LTC are most probably ones based in enormous ignorance. It's not hard to understand why: they're not active members of this community, so they don't hear about it, and then (here's the reddit kicker) when one person says it, others assume its truth without giving it even a cursory investigation.
I don't know what do to about it. I guess I'll continue to call people out on their nonsense when they criticize other communities without knowing what they're talking about.
@_date: 2014-02-04 09:29:36
+1 on the lessons learned. Call it cult-like all you want but I think any organized team (business, family, whatever) benefits hugely from a high level respect and positive thinking. I'll definitely keep that in mind in all my interactions with other people.
@_date: 2014-02-04 19:12:40
Ah, fair enough. Yeah, I was actually kind of bummed in a weird way when all of a sudden we jumped the gap of 6k to 30k-ish in an instant. I'd posted a thread saying if every subscriber donated 1,000 DOGE we'd meet the goal instantly. It's good we met it fast, obviously, but I did miss the sense you're describing of seeing many smaller donations get us there.
We'll see where these other charities go. I presume we can't have huge donors like that for every charity.
@_date: 2014-02-04 08:56:41
Are there any so-called 2.x coins on the horizon I should read about? :)
*edit:* Let me clarify as I've already received one downvote: I don't spend much time in general crypto subreddits. Are there efforts being made (publicly) toward coins that operate on fundamentally different principles? I'm legitimately curious. Thank you.
@_date: 2014-02-04 08:36:15
Please do not misrepresent the decision and how/why it was reached. You'll see in [the GitHub discussion]( that a lot of people argued for every which way, and it was only after much deliberation that the devs chose a constant block reward of 10,000 (i.e., 5 billion coins a year) after reaching 100 billion coins minted. It was not a decision made lightly. More importantly, **the devs do *not* "never intend it to become a serious currency"**. Jackson Palmer (dogecoin co-creator, aka ummjackson) has said in interviews that he ultimately would like to see it become a widely used tipping currency on the internet, rewarding people for their art, music, wit, or other content. Many folks on hope for the same, where it is used for small-to-medium sized transactions.
Few want it to become serious in the sense of "srs bsns", but many want to see it gain further legitimacy and acceptance.
@_date: 2014-02-04 17:54:47
I think you may have missed my main thesis: there are benefits to be had other than strictly monetary ones. I don't think anyone is trying to solve poverty by tipping someone dogecoins. Also, if I read you correctly you said that "the authors know that dogecoin represents everything wrong about fiat currency". Could you please say more on that?
@_date: 2014-02-04 18:28:28
Thank you for the tip.
I will work on bringing attention to the problem of vote brigading. GoodShibe's article today was an admittedly long-winded (he's a fan of the extended metaphor) story which was in the end a call for dogecoiners to be more courteous to everyone else. Hopefully those that are the problem read and consider that.
@_date: 2014-02-04 08:54:52
I know it's not much, but I can think of about four conspicuous counterexamples to your claim. Users dogefreedom and silentshibe are both famed for being extremely generous (dogefreedom donated about 26,000 USD to the Jamaican Olympic fund raiser, while silentshibe regularly tips between 100 to 100,000 DOGE tips). mohland (dogetipbot maintainer) and Moolah_ (does a lot of development work for all crypto, but is most active on have also been multi-million DOGE contributors to various charitable causes.
It's quite possible that they are the richest of rich shibes, perhaps from mining very early on, but there's little doubt that these individuals are taking not-insignificant losses. Of course, they're only losses insofar as money is concerned; perhaps the good feeling of donating to causes they believe in makes up for the losses.
@_date: 2014-02-04 09:24:56
Can I just say that I'm really sorry there are members of that antagonize On some level, I'm inclined to say that there will always be lemons within a group of tens of thousands of people, but I know that's no excuse. You'll see in the comments of [this thread]( that there are many dogecoiners who respect bitcoin immensely and are making efforts to encourage other dogecoiners to treat the bitcoin community with similar respect. I know for a fact that the principal dogecoin dev, BillyM2K, never misses an opportunity to remind people that dogecoin is just a couple git forks removed from LTC and BTC. GoodShibe, who writes [widely-read daily articles]( about what's happening in the DOGE community, also stresses the huge debt to other cryptocoins, and emphasizes the fact that we as cryptocurrencies, to a certain degree, stand or fall together.
For what it's worth, I've upvoted this thread as I agree with you that it *is* f***ed up that dogecoiners invade this place. I and many others will continue to remind to be good shibes. Cheers.
@_date: 2014-02-04 09:04:06
I would speculate that there might be more to be gained out of a culture of giving minuscule amounts of money to strangers than just the minuscule amounts of money. My personal experience with tips has been that 1) because it's so little, I don't mind losing some, and 2) it's a way to show some amount of appreciation of another user (another human being's) contribution. My tips are not SO worthless that I give them out for trite one-line rehashed reddit jokes or meme regurgitations (rather I downvote those, per reddiquette, as they don't contribute much). But the truly clever and original stuff is deserving of a small e-pat on the back, in my opinion. And it gives warm fuzzy feelings to both ends of the tip transaction. Not much to be lost, the way I see it. What are your folks' thoughts?
*edit:* And I've already been downvoted. Please, everyone, have some self-respect and follow reddiquette. My posts are nothing but the reasoning and opinion of a respectful outsider looking for some intelligent discussion. I know you guys/gals are smart, so let's explore these ideas together.
@_date: 2014-02-04 17:49:51
There are many who seriously doubt the magnitude of influence that our Chinese friend and others in that IRC channel actually have on the market. I've seen the words "disorganized", "whiny", "stupid", and "unfocused" used to describe that bunch--fairly accurately, in my opinion.
I'm familiar with the No True Scotsman fallacy but I'm not sure I understand what the claim of your argument is. What I mean is that there is a certain kind of attitude encouraged in that includes being respectful and courteous, but really, when dogecoiners are NOT that, it's not that they're not true shibes, it's that they're just unpleasant humans. They're simple traits that should be expected out of everyone.