@_author: mdinstuhl
@_date: 2013-04-16 15:09:28
I get the feeling that eventually BTC will be used "behind the scenes" by financial institutions in order to quickly process online transactions.  It is entirely possible that while we continue to do business in USD (or your local fiat currency) that there will be some kind of conversion in the back-end before it ends up in the vendor's pocket.
@_date: 2013-04-23 22:19:07
Disclaimer: I do not work for BFL nor am I associated with them in any way - I'm just sharing my experiences + my opinion
I ordered one Jalapeno on April 9, 2013.  After I placed my order I began reading a lot of negative reviews of the company, namely that they had been taking pre-orders since late last summer and had yet to deliver a single one.  After a few weeks of waiting I went back to check my order and saw that for some reason my street address was listed incorrectly.  I emailed their customer support and requested that my shipping address be updated so that my unit would not be shipped to some complete stranger that would more than likely think it was a USB-powered coffee cup warmer.
From what I have gathered from reading the various subreddits, forums and other boards on the intarweb, BFL finally received the shipment of ASIC wafers needed to start building the units.  Again - I do not work there and am not familiar with their operation, but I can only assume that as soon as those chips arrived they pulled every able-bodied person away from whatever they were doing (including their customer service people) and set them to work putting chips on boards.
This week they tweeted a picture of the first units going out.  The day after I got an email from their customer service apologizing for the delay in their response and to let me know that they had updated my shipping information.
It is my opinion that they are NOT a scam - the only thing that they are guilty of is greatly underestimating customer demand.  
My advice to BFL would be to send someone to the local community college, offer internships to CS / EE majors and put them to work assembling units.  Pay them $9 / hr plus all the Mt. Dew they can drink.
**tldr Finally got a response to a customer service email, pretty sure that units really are being shipped out to paying customers this week.  And then my mom got scared and said, "You're moving to your auntie and uncle in Bel-Aire" **