@_author: mdkb
@_date: 2017-02-27 10:01:50
I think I understand. So the Ledger hardware basically has a private key that can't be lifted or copied by a hacker or malware. Though, I guess if you have a secret (private) key stored somewhere else, your coin still could be taken that way regardless of the Ledger.
@_date: 2017-02-27 05:02:01
in what ways could these Ledger alternatives be compromised? Is it backed up in some way that is inaccessible or is it also vulnerable?
@_date: 2017-02-23 01:34:33
good points.  I saw an interesting comment on a tweet today that said 'buy bitcoins today so you can afford to pay the transaction fees in the future' its another angle I hadnt deeply considered about the difficulty of shifting bitcoin as it becomes more valued. 
@_date: 2017-02-24 00:06:13
surely at the point a bitcoin reaches say 10,000 dollars in value it is then 2% is 200 dollars just to move it between addresses. 
I was also considering the comparison that right now it costs nothing to bank transfer between banks yet btc has a fee to do so.  I transfered fiat money to my BTC exchange from my bank in less than 2 days, so that isnt much different to BTC on a bad day and it cost me nothing. then the exchange into BTC cost me 1% on that exchange. to move it would be another 2%. then there is talk of segwit and additional 'small' fees on that
I still cant help but question the reality versus sentiment with a lot of bitcoins features. meanwhile I am missing out on its consistent rise. haha. so probably looking for reasons it will fail with a bit more zest than is appropriate. 
@_date: 2017-02-19 01:50:12
good points. but like with the idea that it is 'digital gold'. that is a risky misnomer to trust in, because bitcoin does NOT exist after the fall, where gold still does. It is all in the hands of the miners and existence of enough nodes to enable it to exist, and as bitcoin gets more hyped it becomes a higher fall to take for those involved in it who bought at higher prices. i.e. now. 
 I really think it is a dangerously overvalued bubble that could pop at any moment, and sure people will make a lot of money off it before it does, but it will pop and likely v soon. if the ETF gets approved the network wont be able to cope. Businesses currently using bitcoin are struggling and having to change away from using it because of transaction times right now. That can only get worse and the community is still not decided on Segwit or BU or neither so it is kicking the can up the road. And it is a community not unlike something out of Lord of the Flies given the age of most of it, so emotionally really not all that mature.
A fall is coming surely, given all the 'perfect storm' elements. I predict an epic drop. Why? Price is not rising, it has plateau'd, miners are burning millions of dollars in electricity to mine the stuff, its hardly green currency, and also as a result fees are increasing, so it is no longer what bitcoin was designed to be at all, and it is un-disputedly heading towards a slowdown in the network transactions. Meanwhile everyone from twitter to Wall street is saying 'wow bitcoin, buy it now and get rich.' that alone should be the warning. Then the ETF decision coming early March. All in all there is a perfect storm of disasters growing right now, and coming closer together, all centering on something people are clinging onto with either fear or greed to the tune of $1000 a coin.
I think what you are saying is true, but not before an epic crash down to low numbers and a period of time with a failed bitcoin network because the necessary changes wont come otherwise, then when the carnage of that experience is settling, it will be followed by a long pause and will probably start to become of real value after that, as a sentimental historical item to own longer term, and sell on some network kept running for posterity. 
remember the real value, not the sentimental one, is in blockchain not bitcoin. bitcoin was the shakey prototype that has a tonne of problems, and some probably wont be fixed ever. I dont want to be on the wrong side of that bet at its current price because it just isnt worth it. many people will never forget bitcoin, but probably for all the wrong reasons. I think if you arent in it already at a decent price, then stay well back and watch it go nuts very soon. Probably 11th March ETF is the catalyst.
p.s. my predictions are usually wrong but I do like making them anyway. There are probably going to be a bunch of teenage BTC millionaires reading this in 6 months laughing at me, I hope so. 
 
@_date: 2017-02-20 02:57:19
here, hare, here!
@_date: 2017-02-15 04:18:17
isnt that why banks are increasingly getting involved in XRP (Ripple) 
to transfer large sums quickly and cheaply across borders cutting out SWIFT fees too.
bitcoin price seems to run on sentiment more than anything else. transaction speeds are awful for real use. there are better coins out there, more scalable too.
@_date: 2017-02-15 04:50:21
to fork or not to fork that is the question...same end result I rekon and heres my thinking..
- if it doesnt fork with BU or Segwit, it will probably come to a grinding halt with overuse on transaction speed.
- if it comes to a grinding halt the value of BTC will not mean shiz because you wont be able to shift it to sell it.
- if it does fork, price will go up after the initial reaction, and fees along with it (more fees for being on Segwit too I understand)
- increased fees will make smaller transactions pointless since alternative cryptos will be cheaper. so the herd will leave it.
- will it still be digital gold? maybe but then the price is based on ephemeral air, not a physical substance. something to remember. if miners stop gold still exists, if miners stop the ability for bitcoin to move disappears essentially bitcoin disappears.
and besides all this, there are a lot better altcoins. ergo. 
we are looking at a bubble created by sentiment
what did I get wrong in any of that?
@_date: 2017-02-27 03:08:39
any real reason why a hardware wallet like Ledger is superior to a well stored paper back up, or even cheaply bought usb for use as cold storage of wallet?
@_date: 2017-02-22 01:24:26
true. I was talking about the recent short term, but you are right there, and its moving up again already but a lot of people seem to think ETF is a guarantee too, I would have thought they would not agree to it it given their criteria for a no. 
Though I noticed there is talk about Lumino side chain as an alternative to resolve the transaction speed , so another positive in its favor. 
@_date: 2017-02-15 04:28:17
could such a catastrophe be very close?
 
the more people using bitcoin, as more banks take it on for a fast buck out the digital nomads, the more it all grinds to a halt on transaction speed, and at some point a big BTC whale will decide its time to leave the ship for new altcoins, and that will trigger the price descent. 
bitcoin HAS changed massively. it was once about 'freedom' it is now about fear and greed, same as any currency when it gets very valuable and people cling onto it greedily, until fear takes a hold. doesnt even need a catastrophe, it just needs a trigger. a big whale could be the trigger.
it will be like trying to shove elephants down a drain pipe to get out of bitcoin when it goes. esp if it goes before the fork happens which needs to happen for it to allow for the transactions speed increase.
If I had btc I would probably be thinking about getting out soon to avoid all that problem.
@_date: 2017-03-14 04:49:56
can someone clear this up a bit. seem to be reading all sorts of things and need the right info clarified.
1. As I understand it if there is a HF it doesnt actually mean there will be a split.
2. More importantly, if there is a split and two coins emerge in a fight for supremacy. if I sit tight and dont spend either but wait for it all to work itself out, what am I left with in terms of value in the two coins that should, if I am not mistaken, both have the same number of coins in. i.e. if I went into the split with 1000 BTC when when the coins split I would have 1000 coins in each coin chain?
3. whats the worst case if I sit and do not spend either of the coins, while the coins battle it out? 
@_date: 2017-03-20 02:47:26
or the chinese govt, it is always the chinese govt. they used to try to hack into my webservers all day long. the PBoC is currently clearly signalling it wants control of cryptocurrency by regulation and is probably looking for ways to kill it if it cant regulate it. 
@_date: 2017-02-15 04:38:24
they wont ban it because they would prefer to control it, so they will regulate its entry and exit points instead and take a tax there if they can. if it was going to be banned it would have happened already esp in China. regulation impact is the real concern, not it being banned imo. 
bitcoin can become too expensive to bother with if fees keep increasing too.
China have tyrannical powers and 75% of bitcoin travels through China, another reason to consider why price could be massively volatile to the downside on a Chinese whim. they have whims. executional type whims when they don't like traders trading. 
@_date: 2019-04-26 02:19:36
or likes putting news out that helps other people do well in the market. its all the game init
@_date: 2019-04-27 02:21:24
if your announcements are going to move markets, you may as well take advantage of it in the timing. it's just good business sense and since you cant be done for insider trading...
@_date: 2019-04-26 02:22:00
this is how banks came into existence
@_date: 2019-04-26 02:20:35
forget about what?
@_date: 2019-04-30 08:41:29
May 3rd for their court date
@_date: 2019-04-26 02:20:11
whatever you feel you should do, do the opposite