@_author: meandmybuddyduncan
@_date: 2017-12-07 15:24:31
Yeah but take a look at the dotcom bubble. It's the exact same thing and that run up last like five years. I don't think we've hit the ceiling for speculation at this point. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:04:24
It's not that they were ever *useless*, it was that they couldn't monetize. And all it takes to trade stock is a bank account. For bitcoin, its crux will be lack of actual utilization. Both the internet and bitcoin are world shattering...blockchain will be the next big tech revolution our generation goes through (along with AI), just like the internet. The issue with the web was that all these sites were getting millions of visitors. People knew this was big but they didn't understand it and dumped money in with no clue of the value. The exact same thing is going on with crypto. We know it's big but we still don't fully understand its implications (or catalysts)...it will bomb hard. Like absolutely bomb once average joes start consolidating and once it's opened to short interest. Long term coin is a great play but I'm shocked people are still buying at these prices 
@_date: 2017-12-07 15:58:06
I don't think I'd agree with that...Stock is just as accessible and far more familiar as a monetary vehicle to the average Joe. I do agree that it will get slammed much faster than the dotcom bubble, but I don't think the run up is quite done yet.
@_date: 2017-10-23 21:28:39
makes sense, thank you! What's the consensus about what will happen once all the coins have been claimed? 
@_date: 2017-09-27 23:41:57
It's like no one here has ever heard of a pump and dump...there's basically no regulations. With such a limited supply, one large hoarder can turn the market upside down in one large trade and I guarantee that will happen again soon. 
I don't understand the confidence people have in bitcoin. I don't think it's a scam but I think the only reason bitcoin has gotten this high is because the majority of people trading it have a fundamental misunderstanding of its intrinsic value. the price is unreflective of the actual value of the underlying asset and is instead propped up by a false demand being fueled by people that don't understand what they're doing buying gobs of cryptos. There's this mentality of "this rockets about to take off!!! I don't care where I'm sitting as long as I'm on it!!" That is not the way intelligent trading or investing works. 
There's no way to use fundamental or even basic technical analysis on crypto because *its not fucking being used for what it's fucking meant for*, which to me is the sign that this is in a massive bubble. Ive actively traded stocks for a few years, including some of the most volatile penny stocks in existence for fun (Im talking sub penny stocks) and the idea of buying in at the current price is well beyond acceptable risk for even me and I give no fucks about incurring risk if I feel like there's a play...through all the research I've done over the last few months, the only conclusion I've reached is that it's impossible to accurately price this stuff. There's no catalysts to monitor, just fluffy bull shit articles and people plowing their savings into it 