@_author: meckola33
@_date: 2018-01-13 17:06:33
There are many benefits for ICO investors to buy EDU tokens besides the expectation of making huge profits from selling EDU tokens at higher price than bought. ICO investors will have voting rights for key decisions in the ecosystem, like which projects to build first and which new topics or product features to add. LiveEdu is the first education technology ICO and seeks to bring cryptocurrency to the masses by educating college students and professionals using real practical cryptocurrency tutorial projects covering cryptocurrency basics, blockchain mining, Bitcoin, Ethereum, security and ICOs. With expert content creators educating people about these topics through the use of practical projects, we hope to remove some of the fear and uncertainty surrounding the wider cryptocurrency market.
@_date: 2018-01-13 19:15:59
Search for us here 
@_date: 2018-01-13 19:16:31
LiveEdu is focused on intermediate to expert educational level, while all existing online sites are focused mostly on beginners. We are focused on the main reason people start learning new skills, namely building a product. We don’t see Coursera/Udemy/Udacity as competitors, but as partners/customers to work with. We plan to syndicate our content to them via our API. They are great for beginners to learn theory and introductory topics. LiveEdu does not provide this, but is focused on teaching people who are above the level of these sites how to build a complete product, e.g a VR Game, an AI Bot, a Bitcoin autotrader. You can describe them as kindergarten and LiveEdu as high school
@_date: 2018-01-13 17:03:10
Since the premium content program is a new product, LiveEdu does not currently have a large premium content library for the eight topics. If the premium projects are educational, structured, and of high quality, viewers will buy them. We want to attract the best content creators, and for them to be able to create valuable content they need to invest time.
@_date: 2018-01-13 17:08:34
To ensure that content creators provide only high quality content, any project created is only counted as a project towards the total project count of the content creator if it has: A minimum total view time of 20hrs (live stream and videos). Been marked as completed by site quality assurance moderators.