@_author: medicalprize
@_date: 2014-06-01 06:48:46
Crowd Funded Cures is just starting its crowdfunding campaign, so hasn't raised enough money yet. But we have to start somewhere! The idea to incentivise generation of Phase II equivalent clinical trials (randomised controlled trials of at least 100 patients). Once that is published, it is more likely that governments, charities, or other publicly-funded researchers would conduct larger trials which will validate efficacy. Phase II trials of at least 100 patients involving supplements, diets, or off-patent drugs cost around US$1-2 million, so the prize needs to be larger than that, having regard to the risk of failure. Check out the about section of the website for more details: 
@_date: 2014-06-01 01:07:20
I'm conducting my thesis on gaps in the patent system for funding medical research. I believe our current mechanisms for funding medical research are broken, and new approaches to better link positive health impact to private rewards could lead to huge advances. 
For example, at the basic research stage, scientists rely on govt grants and charitable funding. Competition for these funds is fierce, and as people mention in this thread, you've got about 20% chance of being funded. What if one of those 80% of proposals which was denied was a medical breakthrough? There is also ultimately a for-profit focus in the grant process, because society relies on pharmaceutical companies to do the applied clinical research and if your research involves a molecule which can't be protected with patents (e.g. off-patent drugs, vitamins, nutrition, lifestyle interventions), you will never get private funding. So one of the factors in succeeding in a grant proposal is eventual "commercialisability", especially for anything involving a potential new drug. This makes sense because govts/charities rarely (if ever) fund large clinical trials. 
Crowdfunding of research will help more research get funded and get the public involved in the research process. 
[Onabor]( looks like a step in the right direction, as with [Experiment]( [Petridish.org]( 
I guess you'd expect a bit of vitriol being reddit, but this is pretty shameful. Any new mechanisms which will help bring together the public and direct funding of science is a good thing. 
Some of the criticism is valid, particularly issues behind lack of transparency about where the money is going. But you could say the same thing about most mainstream charities (which also have very strong links to for-profit pharmaceutical industry, which usually provide a significant amount of funding). When was the last time you knew exactly where your charitable donations went?
One of the solutions I propose is a mechanism for crowdfunding prizes for clinical trials of research which can't be protected by patents - check out  for more details. With prizes for clinical trials you can guarantee donations will fund a medical breakthrough. We are a registered NZ charity (Reg. No. CC49977) and have partnered with leading researchers, the Gut Health Network, to crowdfund our pilot prize for Crohn's disease. Comments/criticisms welcome. 
@_date: 2014-06-01 05:14:32


I think you'd be interested in  It's a registered NZ charity (Reg. No. CC49977) which has the goal of crowdfunding prizes for clinical trials of therapies which can't be protected by patents. Using prizes for successful clinical trials, donations are guaranteed to fund a medical breakthrough. 
One of the major problems with the current system is that the vast majority of R&amp;D is spent on therapies which can be protected with patents with a profitable market and possible cures which are can't be protected by patents are ignored. The government/charities rarely (if ever) pay for large phase II/III clinical trials, mostly leaving it to the pharmaceutical industry. Its a broken system. 
@_date: 2015-05-03 09:11:15
Copyrights in legal contracts [is a tricky question]( It depends on your current contract with your employer, but mostly it depends on where you got the original text from? Most contracts are compilations of other contracts, and you cannot copyright something that is not original. "Boilerplate" terms in particular typically lack sufficient originality. Also, copyright only covers an expression, not the idea or function of the contract. However, to the extent you drafted entirely original copyright clauses you (or your employer) would own the copyright and could license your contract to others. 
@_date: 2016-11-07 23:31:42
fuck you
@_date: 2018-03-15 01:00:49
Obviously you are careful about infosec. But as I said, the network is as strong as the weakest link - others will get sloppy and eventually, with increased adoption (unless you want to live entirely on craigslist/offgrid etc), you will begin to transact in ways that allow you to be linked to a wallet address (e.g. making a purchase online for home delivery, buying at a store with CCTV etc). If there's a will (and you are worth suing) there's a way. As I mentioned, right now I can get your IP address and possibly your card details (did you buy any reddit gold?) and email with a subpoena to Reddit (see  Have you over posted a wallet address on Reddit?
@_date: 2018-03-14 19:44:38


Do you not think it is possible to trace BTC sent between wallets? I'm not saying that BTC sent between addresses can necessarily be traced - but wallet addresses are only pseudoanonymous - meaning that all it takes is one link between you and the address to identify you. 


Nope - it protects you from being identified. As I noted above, you can still sue and get a judgement against an unidentified defendant. Enforcement of a judgement is not the same thing as being sued. 


The corporation/incorporated entity has a separate legal personality from the members (note - these do not have to be "shareholders" - you can also set up a foundation or trust with no shareholders). The incorporated entity can sue and be sued but it's liability does not pass on to the members/participants. It can act in accordance with instructions of the members who do not necessarily need to be identified (e.g. can be based on a contract with holders of wallet addresses which can vote). This is one example, but there are many types of legal structures that can be used to support DAOs (and act as legal entities representing a DAO) that do not necessarily identify the members/participants of the DAO.  
@_date: 2018-03-14 12:32:27
This is incorrect. If you don't have a formal legal structure - [the courts will impose one on you]( e.g. if you're decentralised and acting together for profit then you're a partnership otherwise you could be an unincorporated association - and in both cases all of the members have unlimited liability and could be sued for the actions of other members - this is a bad thing. 
@_date: 2018-03-14 18:26:31
I’m not sure how being decentralised would prevent you from being sued. Do you mean if the identity of the members cannot be determined? You can sue an unidentified member, particularly in the US (“Doe” defendant), where you should be the most worried about lawsuits. A plaintiff will have access to the blockchain, which is only pseudoanonymous, they will just need to subpoena an exchange to get KYC info, bank account or an IP address to link to your wallet address - you can be identified - the main issue is whether you would be worth suing. 
@_date: 2018-03-14 22:16:25
No, but it is possible for me to have information that can be used to identify the recipient (and address, a number, a username). How else would you transact with someone else? Say we decide to do a transaction - I have your Reddit name and wallet address. Theoretically, I could subpoena Reddit for the email used to establish your account, and then subpoena the email host. I could obtain some information such as your IP address, credit card etc. The point is, people transacting in the real world are always going to leave a way to connect their identity with their wallet address, and as such transactions become more common, the means to link wallet addresses to identities also becomes easier (e.g. by using a mobile wallet that is now linked to your phone). Also, I don't need to identify you specifically, only a member of the network and can sue them for the full amount if they participated. My main point is there are legal (as well as technological) ways to help minimise this risk and potential liability. 
@_date: 2018-03-14 18:38:55
You have a permanent/immutable record of all transactions that you can trace as well as cryptographically verified time stamps - very solid evidence to use in court.  As I said, you only need to link one of those wallet addresses/transactions to you and you’ve been identified. You can then be sued and/or subpoenaed, your computer and records seized. What I’m saying is that being on the blockchain does not protect you from being sued any more than being on any peer to peer network. It’s a better idea to have a formal legal structure so the members don’t get sued. 
@_date: 2018-03-14 20:58:22


We can subpoena MedicalPrize (A) and try to force them to give up evidence as to (C)'s identity. Or can do the same with (D) (if there is a link between their address and their identity). We also have a permanent date and record of the transfer to (C) and (D) and any other transfers, right back to the first transaction in time on the blockchain. You might be using Tor or hiding behind 9 proxies but not everyone is that careful. But the point is, there's always a weak link, and that link can be used to try to identify you or members of your network, or could be sued.  


If you are acting in concert (e.g. as a DAO) then you may be deemed a partnership and any participant that is identified can be sued for the full amount. And they will then seek to recover that from you (to the extent they can ID you). My original point is, from a legal risk perspective, participating in a blockchain does not protect you from a lawsuit. It might even result in people being sued for something that is not their fault (just because there were the only participants that were identified). Not a very good PR result for blockchain. 
I am definitely interested in DAO/blockchain governance. I am not new to Bitcoin but I do not transact with it much. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 11:52:22
You should definitely push for civil rehabilitation proceedings, hopefully in a jurisdiction that will make it easy for people to submit and verify their claims, perhaps using a user-friendly website. 
With regard to any excess, please consider setting up a charity such as the  or perhaps a prize fund incentivising clinical trials for therapies that cannot be protected by patents. If you end up curing a few diseases, I'm sure people will forgive you.
@_date: 2018-04-04 13:09:15
If he’s the shareholder of mt gox then once the liquidation is over he the coins are his and he can repatriate them surely?