@_author: media_ochre
@_date: 2019-07-02 13:27:24
Yeah worry about bitcoin adoption is like worrying about if the internet will become world wide in the early 90s.  
Its been here 10yrs, been tested and proven viable, people use it and throw money into it and pull money out of it.  Social media will be onboarding millions next year.  You cant put the cat back in the box. Its out.
So yeah, Fomo is real, but do the best you can to get in a way that wont be harmful to your life or finances. Dont try to race the institutions your not going to beat them. They have been doing this forever. They are playing chess and as retail investors we can only play checkers.
@_date: 2019-07-03 08:08:39
Congress needs to recieve a letter that states "Stop trying to destroy the world while we are trying to make it a better and fairer place."  
Leave it to congress to try to stop revolutionary technology.
@_date: 2019-07-02 13:04:20
I also have a simular friend. When bitcoin went down from the 6k range into the 3k range i doubled down and he observed me making money and showing confidence that i knew bitcoin is the future. 
He is on a tight budget but he jumped in at 5k. If a single father w 3 kids can stack .35 sats and not destroy his budget then i dont see any reason why anyone cant do the same. 
Both me and my friend know bitcoin is the future and its an exciting thing to realize. It feels like a cult but its really about gaining knowledge of finance and the banking system and seeing the beginning of a evolutionary system that will change everything. 
So everything is exciting!!! It takes a dip, woohooo time to buy!!! It goes up, yeehaaa the future is bright!! We spend half the time saying " i hope bitcoin tanks today so we can buy!" 
So yeah your friend is like mine. He knows and believes it so whole heartly that he found a piece of the future and price will come but hes just glad to be part of it.
As i say to my wife. " A year ago nobody thought I would be a millionaire.  But Now some of the most brilliant people in the world believe I will be!!!"
@_date: 2019-07-01 16:18:31
I wouldnt consider myself a moon boy. That being said i do believe that Bitcoin will hit at least 100k and probably 300k within the next 5 to 10 years. 
The million dollars would be great and we would have to see how the run to 100k works out for us and do we retrace to 36k or lower. 
Yeah its seem ridiculous like a world full of unicorns and rainbows. I will leave u with some points to feed your logical brain while the blind faith of it reaching those prices
Its a disruptive technology and the general population isnt going to realize its potential. Only outliers will and push it forward into society. If u were born before the internet u have lived through it. Internet was only used by nerds and geeks.  Cellphones in 80s were used by the preppy and elites.  Again Crypto is used by fringe wackos and Libertarians cause they dont trust banks and fiat.
As for society moving into crypto we now have the owner of Twitter endorsing Bitcoin as digital gold and throwing money into its development. Facebook is jumping in with it own crypto(libra) and its creator says Libra is designed as a transactional Currency and bitcoin is the crypto that stores value. 
Financial institutions are gobbling up the OTC bitcoins from the miners. They do this so they dont drive the price by purchasing on exchanges. I heard a good analogy that said financial institutions dont miss the train, they stop it, back it up, and jump onboard. Its thier responsibility to give their clients access to the best asset of 2019. So dont think they arent moving in right now. They just cant throw trillions in all at once.
Something to ponder is that there are 40,000,000 millionaires in the world and there are 17,000,000 bitcoins.
One last thing you should keep in your mind was said by a developer. "People dont need the blockchain but the future will need blockchain."
So yeah we are humans and theses 100,000 and 1,000,000 predictions seem silly but 25 years ago did I think I would be typing on a screen thats on my computer that makes phone calls and fits in my hands about a currency that utilizes cryptography to secure transactions and value to a complete stranger across the world... Actually I totally knew this would happen. Have a great day and see you in the matrix in 20yrs!!!
@_date: 2019-06-17 21:52:32
Totally agree. The 7200 gap is the one we all have been waiting for but bitcoin seems so fundamentally driven its disregards for TA seems to be like ferris on a joy ride. Thanks for comment!!