@_author: mee_mhoo
@_date: 2015-12-09 00:54:17
If the transaction was larger than 50BTC then it'd fail no matter what, TimeOut it'd say. So a possible solution that worked was creating a few smaller transactions. I deleted the other thread as it could create more panic that it was worth. Thanks for the follow-up :)
@_date: 2016-03-28 13:36:17
It looks like this tutorial will have to be made for people who do not move the funds out of Coinkite in the next 30 days...
@_date: 2016-11-17 08:35:27
Long-term, a hardware wallet is the best solution - I have not tried Trezor, but I have tried Ledger Nano S and Ledger HW1 (much cheaper). Both of them work like a charm.
Even if your hardware wallet breaks, gets lost or stolen, you can re-generate the same address as long as you wrote down the seeds (a series of words) and kept in a safe place. To re-generate the pool of addresses, you can buy another hardware wallet (when the previous one gets lost or damaged), or use a compatible software. They have a wizard which will prompt you to enter the seeds (words) in a specific order, and magically you will have access to your coins again.
Exchange with 2FA is OK for short term holding, maybe a few hours while you purchase the desired coin at a certain price. Then you need to take it out of there ASAP, as 2FA is not going to help in case the exchange gets seized by the authorities, hacked or simply DDoS'ed. 
Online wallet can have exploits - the code needs to be properly audited to verify it is not storing the generated private keys somewhere. Not really safe, unless you create a multisig out of a few addresses, and you hold all keys.
Paper-wallet is not very safe in terms of preservation as it can be torn down (and you cannot re-create it), or humidity/insects can render it unusable. It is also very inconvenient to use the coins as, once you have entered the private address on the computer, it becomes potentially unsafe and you need to move the coins to a new paper wallet.
What do you think?
@_date: 2016-12-09 13:46:16
Poland uses PLN (Zloty), not Euro. As some Polish ATMs have the HalCash feature, you can use a service like ChipChap where you send your Bitcoins and they will give you a code to withdraw your Polish Zlotys in a regular ATM, without the need of a card.
Beware of the fees, though, as they state on their website they charge about a 2%, but I remember using the app and it seemed like much more. Also beware of the amount limit per transaction.
If they charge you more than 3% overall, then it will be more feasible to use a plain debit card to withdraw from a Polish ATM, as card providers do not usually charge more than 2.9 - 3.5%.
Transferring MXN to EUR and then PLN does not sound like a great idea, as there is a double conversion involved, any many mouths to feed on the way.
@_date: 2016-12-09 14:16:15
If you set a 760 limit and 765 take profit order, it is possible that the 760 limit triggered, but as the volatility was high at that precise second, the price got executed a 762, which is better for you than 760. It would be like a market order guaranteeing that price will not be executed below the desired (760) price. Makes sense?
@_date: 2016-12-09 14:11:02
The exchange has not stolen anything, they are asking you to comply with their verification protocol in order for them to release the funds. Probably a misleading advertising as they claim, according to your screenshot of their website, they do not require verification for BTC withdrawals, but that is far from theft.
Also, in the link you provide, the Vietnamese OP claims as soon as he did the verification, his funds were released.
@_date: 2015-11-03 08:20:37
I think Ledger should go a step further and implement a multisig option within their software, so that way, should something happen, you can always retrieve your coins somewhere else.
Right now it *seems* more risky to have a multisig vault in Coinkite than having a single wallet address generated by a password manager application. Unless Ledger or Coinkite creates a detailed tutorial on how to retrieve the coins in case of disaster.
It would not be the first time that a government shuts down a website. And that is okay, as long as people can get ahold of their own funds.
@_date: 2015-11-03 06:54:32
Thank you for your reply, btchip. I have tried the tool you mention, the 'offline approve transaction' one, but the first step you have to do is loading a transaction request, which is a file generated by Coinkite.
Let's assume that one day, next year, Coinkite gets shut down. How would we be able to generate that transaction request? 
I think it would be very interesting for Coinkite to write a manual replicating the Mad Max, should it ever come. Right now I still believe that is the only single point of failure, the one that is being trying to avoid by having a multisig.
Thanks!