@_author: megahz21
@_date: 2018-01-31 07:29:37
If I remember correctly from years ago is that bitcoin was decentralized so there was no one party in control to make a central decision developers users could come and contribute and go just as easy, no one could take central control because a majority of the system would follow (a): 
I am sure the (Bitcoin)0riginalName was the original "agreed name" and original Blockchain "Spec-witepaper-Chain0riginal" that everyone agreed to build upon together to distribute and would follow the the agreed spec in the Bitcoin Whitepaper which is 
(a)"largest-chain" with "largest hashing power" with the "Most-users, nodes, devs".. so basically because its decentralized the majority agreed to the new updated"spec-witePaper-Chain0riginalv2" the "largest chain" system kept the original name just updated the Block Chain code to version2.
(b)If someone wants to do their own thing in that they can fork, but the fork wont be the main "Chain0riginal" unless the majority Votes as agreed by part (a) above to follow the main chain. 
BitcoinName0riginal/Chain0riginal 
or 
Bitcoin/Chain0riginal 
The original name Bitcoin-BTC/and original version 1 of the blockchain has say 506930 blocks and majority of the hash power.
If someone wants to do their own thing and forks the bitcoin blockchain and calls it: BitcoinName1more=Chain1more..
Have a nice day no discussion needed because they are in their own world by themselves, they can call their chain what they want because they don't have the hashing power to overtake the 506930 block majority. They hash slower blocks per sec and would need to have the larger hash power and more than 506930 blocks to be as secure as the main BitcoinName0riginal/BlockchainOriginal v3.
Original bitcoin white paper quot: 
The proof-of-work also solves the problem of determining representation in majority decision making. If the majority were based on one-IP-address-one-vote, it could be subverted by anyone able to allocate many IPs. Proof-of-work is essentially one-CPU-one-vote. The majority decision is represented by the longest chain, which has the greatest proof-of-work effort invested in it. If a majority of CPU power is controlled by honest nodes, the honest chain will grow the fastest and outpace any competing chains. To modify a past block, an attacker would have to redo the proof-of-work of the block and all blocks after it and then catch up with and surpass the work of the honest nodes. We will show later that the probability of a slower attacker catching up diminishes exponentially as subsequent blocks are added.
so which one, block 506930 or 515305 the larger chain "BitCoin". BitcoinName0riginal/BlockchainOriginal v3. the real bitcoin/Blockchain.
@_date: 2018-01-31 22:00:25
My Thoughts Day2.
With almost anything new, the "initial" technical language used is sometimes weak in description and might be missing key data or terminology to describe the technical and social goals of the products design and structure.
Maybe we can start a new thread to break down the Original white paper or start a bigger discussion on the semantics of the words and their meanings and intentions so we can fill the gap on understanding.
Example: white paper has language like "longest chain?" and other things like "secure" but lets break that down..
Secure?= secure as in people can not access unauthorized data or secure as in I can confirm my data is true and correct or secure data can't be lost, ect..
Largest blockchain?=??
I think it might be easier to consider the tru meanings for the intent of the initial design and when it was created..
Example: the language used to create the "genesis block" and the initial goals of the products design.. "In Times Chancellor,, ect"..
Bitcoin was created as an experiment because a new system needed to be researched to replace having to repeatedly bail out failed institutions that fail again and again because of personal greed, shortsightedness and of the cannibalistic nature of the of the system itself.. 
So Bitcoin initial intent was allowed to?
1. try to make transactions fast and transparent so you and everyone ells can see the "same finalized transaction on a public ledger".
2. test future concept to bring transaction time as close to T0 as possible, T3 is a joke and heaven for failure to fester..
3. Test a system to put stock market on a chain so there is less time to exploit and leave a need for people to loss their trade at settlement. less chance world collapse from everyone owns nothing. 30 day settlements-not funny.. I can claim its mine for 30 days, even though I immediately sold and never had anything to after day1&gt;&gt;someones going to loose out..
4. ?
So where are we at, with the bitcoin name? now I see a name Blockstream? who are they, I need to do more research on all of the unnecessary fighting.. and talk of bitcoin being rewired for slow settlements, something not right!
I think that's a counteraction s the initial intent of the bitcoin idea and will only bring more destruction to what needs fixing!.?*&amp;%^&amp;%$%!! , oh crap my spider senses are tingling, its all a conspiracy! lol...
@_date: 2017-12-11 02:37:25
Yes, sorry you feel our/my frustration and ignorance..
Fantastic, I will pay more for a fast transaction, I use an old btc core classic and know how to kick up the tx cost.
you fixed a lot of issues for me, Thanks!!
Do you have a link to a good chart so I have a Guestimate of cost per time?
I can code but as I am old, disabled and out of touch I am not proficient at it.
It seems more like a political problem to coming to a consensus, meanwhile things can implode!? 
@_date: 2017-12-11 03:15:11
I appreciate the hype, but Bitcoins old name itself outdoes the new tech.
My hope is Bitcoin will adopt and harden the basics, and keep letting the bells and whistles as add on's, so as not to introduce new exploits.
@_date: 2018-08-15 23:28:53
I am one who lost stuff on the stock market/brokers/etc, 
I got into bitcoin for the transparency not the money, so I would still prefer the cloudy stock market on the transparent bockchain. Not the other way around! 
It seems like more avenues of manipulation the price. 
So if the BTC's are issued by XBT Provider AB, a subsidiary of U.K.-based CoinShares Holdings, which purchases the relevant amount of Bitcoin needed." for the ETN/ETF
What are the transaction times from entity to entity T0, T1, T3?. I wonder if its possible for outgoing transactions doing an off book balance sheet with the incoming transactions? are they audited in real time or every 30 days or only when needed? 
XBT is a code created to put BTC on the nontransparent stock/etc markets. transparent markets use represent BTC?
I just prefer to purchase my asset and take it with me instantly with a key, I trust no one and cant handle more middlemen playing the books against me. 
I will only buy tangible bitcoin into my wallet.
I wish you all luck on your choices!