@_author: megaboy101
@_date: 2017-08-13 15:31:54
Think about it like this, this isn't the exact process miners go through but the general concept goes along like this:
Imagine each block a number is picked between 1 to 100. That number is hashed so that you don't know what the exact number picked was, just that it was somewhere between 1 and 100. So the only way to know then is to manually hash every number 1 to 100 until u find one that matches the posted hash, thus u have figured out the number and your block is the lucky one. The system works so that no matter how much processing power you put into guessing, it'll always take about 10 minutes. So to make it harder it may raise the number of possibilities from 1 to 1,000,000. The general idea is the same, just harder. So in theory if you find the answer it's in your best interest to post it immediately, because if you don't someone else quickly will find the answer and collect the reward themselves, because they are all going through essentially the same guessing process.
Hope this cleared anything up.
@_date: 2017-10-13 14:37:08
There are multiple ways of going about it. You can do it off the books, like giving a friend $60 in exchange for the equivalent amount in Bitcoin, or you can buy it from a recognized exchange. Most if not all exchanges though will require extensive personal information however, not because they're tracking you (although they could), but because they're often required to by federal law.
@_date: 2017-10-13 14:51:33
I wouldn't be the best to know, I work more on the tech side of Bitcoin than the economics. I've used Coinbase for a while and thats worked fine for me. The company is used by a majority of Bitcoin and now altcoin users so they have a big obligation to be transparent to the community else they risk losing a large marketshare. Always remember though to make sure you do your homework first before you buy from any exchange, especially now since Bitcoin is on a high at the moment. There are always shams out there waiting to pretty on new users who want Bitcoin but don't understand the risks.
@_date: 2017-10-27 14:18:47
Personally I wouldn't call ban, but I can see why they would. Bitcoin to an extent is very speculative, it's worth what the market says it is, and that value can change on a dime by very large margins. Bitcoin definetly isn't illiquid, so I don't think that was it. Simply saying 'Bitcoin' those is technically "tersely", and saying it does come with the implications of big returns. I imagine they see it the same way as just saying "CS:GO Weapon Skins"