@_author: mega-rich-asshole
@_date: 2016-10-07 17:32:36
There's clearly a lot of misinformation about this, so here's a good explanation from Matt Levine at Bloomberg:
Flash crashes.
In overnight trading, the pound was trading against the dollar at a price a bit north of $1.26. Then it dropped sharply, and a few hours later it "was 1.4 percent lower at $1.2437 as of 9:30 a.m. in London." I don't know why this happened -- something something something Brexit -- but there has definitely been a big fundamental move downward in the pound this week. Traditionally the way a drop like that would happen is that there would be a lot of demand to sell pounds, and market makers who were previously buying pounds for $1.262 would lower their bids to $1.260, and there'd be still more selling, and the market makers would start buying at $1.255, and then $1.250, and then $1.245, and so on down, until the pound eventually settled at its new price. It was an orderly and convenient system, but it was kind of dumb for the market makers. Everyone wanted to sell -- the fundamental demand for the pound was in the $1.24 area, not the $1.26 area -- but the market makers kept buying, at prices that kept getting lower, until when the dust settled they were left long a lot of pounds that they'd bought for prices that were now much too high.
In the new system, the market makers are computers, and when things get hairy they just stop buying pounds and walk away with their computer hands in their computer pockets, whistling a jaunty tune out of their computer speakers. And so instead of a smooth but harrowing path down from $1.26ish to $1.24ish over the course of an hour, the pound fell to $1.1841 -- and "at least one electronic-trading platform recorded a transaction at $1.1378" -- over the course of two minutes, and then rapidly recovered as the computers, instead of buying all the way down to the new level, allowed the pound to fall to an absurd level and then bought all the way back up to the new level. This is a better trade. Buying on the way up is better than buying on the way down. These computers were smart.
This is incredibly schematic and over-simplified -- neither old-school human market making nor modern robotic market making really work quite the way I described, and the thin liquidity was due to it being overnight Asian trading, not just to conscious decisions by algorithms to get out of the way -- but I do think it captures something essential. The old ideal, which was never fully realized, involved market makers who stepped in to cushion big market moves by trading against them. But if the moves are real, trading against them is a money-losing strategy. The new, cruel, coldly logical regime involves electronic market makers who are too timid and capital-constrained and rational to trade against big moves. So they just let them happen -- in fact, let them go too far and too fast -- and then buy on the rebound, making money instead of losing it. Making money is better than losing money.
You can, and everyone does, complain about this system. "Flash crashes" are bad or whatever. But remember that the alternative, traditional system requires the market makers to trade, in a sense, irrationally, to lose money to cushion big fundamental moves. Are you volunteering to lose money to cushion those moves? Are you asking banks -- which are constantly told by regulators to reduce their trading risk -- to lose money to cushion those moves? In a sense, the reason that the algorithms have taken over a lot of market making from the banks is that they are better at it: They know to get out of the way of big moves and buy on the rebound. That is a better, more profitable, more efficient strategy, so of course it dominates. It is also worse service, as market making goes, and leads to flash crashes. But the explanation is not some weird exogenous accidental move to computerization and algorithms, not some failure of regulation or imagination. The explanation is that cushioning big moves is unprofitable and taking advantage of them is profitable.
One other point about "algorithms." Let's assume, schematically, that a lot of electronic market-makers got out of the way of the big move down. Then why did that move go too far down, reaching $1.18ish or $1.14ish before settling back up at $1.24ish? One possible answer is a "fat finger," where someone accidentally sold way more pounds than he meant to. (JPMorgan says, "the move was on high volume so it’s hard to justify this as a fat-finger move.") Another possible answer is that other trading firms' algorithms told them to follow momentum (or just reduce risk) and sell the pound all the way down. But a third answer is that a bunch of traders -- firms or humans or whoever -- had stop orders in place that were triggered when the pound crossed various previously undreamt-of levels. A stop order is in a sense an algorithm: It's an instruction to a computer that, if an event happens, the computer should sell pounds. When we talk about algorithms making trading more volatile, we are not always talking about inscrutable complex algorithms that no human can understand. Sometimes we just mean that people had orders to sell the pound if it got too low, and those orders were triggered, so it got lower.
Anyway it is not much fun to be in the FX trading business this morning.
