@_author: megadoom
@_date: 2014-01-21 12:00:21
*(i) until course fees, rent, beer and chips can be paid for in Bitcoin*
The government will not pay your student loan in bitcoin, and a university will not pay your grant in bitcoin either (as its investments are all fiat denominated, which will never change as uni investments are almost never invested in FX speculation, which is effectively what investing in bitcoin would be). You therefore will always be receiving cash in bitcoin. 
Can you pay course fees in bitcoin? Very unlikely. The university has to pay its staff (who have fiat-denominated rent / taxes) etc. in fiat, and it has to pay its utilities and mortgage obligations in fiat, and it has to pay its taxes in fiat.
You are therefore receiving and paying the main expense in fiat. Might a student decide to convert fiat into bitcoin to buy chips or beer at the local kebab van or old man's pub? I really don't see it. Where's the benefit?
*(ii) until houses, stocks, cars are paid for in Bitcoin*
When I buy a house, that money goes to the seller who needs to pay fiat-denominated lawyers' fees and repay their fiat denominated mortgage. Why would they accept bitcoin?
Stocks/Cars etc. - again, the vendor has to pay CGT / VAT / Sales Tax etc. in fiat, along with wages in fiat. They will always have to then split off the bitcoin payment in order to settle their fiat-denominated liabilities. Also, they will have acquired their stock in fiat (from GM or whoever) so will have a fiat-denominated debt.
*(iii) as long as you can swap Bitcoin for Fiat, you are covered*
The point is that you are proposing a system where everyone is happy to use bitcoin, but at almost every turn of that system, in order to properly operate in society, that bitcoin needs to be converted back into fiat. 
It's not a logical mindset where you say, "I agree that fiat is required for almost all transactions (due to how governments and the main banking industry operate), but don't worry, everyone will use bitcoin nonetheless as they can simply swap it back into fiat".
Don't you see that that's the very reason why bitcoin will never become mainstream, because people precisely don't want to put up with that inconvenience and risk for minimal benefit.
*(iv) until one accepts Bitcoin and cleans up, at which time all will have to*
I'm not sure how a bank could charge interest on a bitcoin-denominated loan? On Day 1, you would immediately be in a position where there would be more notional bitcoin in existence than actual. That runs 100% contrary to the anti-inflationary nature of bitcoin, in that more cannot be created. The only way that a bank could make loans in bitcoin is presumably if... it charged interest in fiat. Also, banks' regulatory charges, taxes, salaries are, once again, all fiat-denominated. At what point do you think any of those lowly paid workers are going to switch and say, yes, I'll accept bitcoin now, and screw the fact that my rent, my car, my children's school fees, my utilities, my taxes are all in fiat?
*(v) rents will be in Bitcoin once you can buy a house and get a mortgage in Bitcoin. Salaries will be in Bitcoin once you can pay your rent, buy your petrol, pay your utilities, buy your food and entertainment in Bitcoin*
You will never get a bitcoin mortgage as you need to pay stamp duty / sales tax etc. all in fiat. Also, there's the problem of what interest would you charge on a bitcoin loan? Again, it would need to be in fiat I suspect. Further, your ongoing council tax/land fees and other charges will be in fiat as will your salary (again for the reasons of tax that we've gone over).
*and on and on*
Me too. What about healthcare? Are you going to pay for that in bitcoin too? What about inheritance tax /death duties? Also bitcoin?
*I think Bitcoin has value beyond niche. The infrastructure may not exist today to support all I've described, but two years ago there was next to no infrastructure at all. Now we have Bitcoin ATMs, we have multiple merchant payment gateways, and more coming online every week.
From where we were two years ago to now, now imagine another two years of accelerating improvement, and then another two years after that.*
Look at the US government's budget:
That is trillions raised, borrowed and spent in dollars. All those jobs, all those institutions, all those products, all being funded and reliant on dollars. The idea of someone being able to extricate themselves from that huge, inter-dependent web of fiat-denominated relationships, and to survive off bitcoin is only possible in the same way that it might be possible to live off the grid in the woods. Namely, for extremists only. 
I'm sorry, bitcoin is a nice idea and the technology may have other interesting applications, but ultimately:
(i) the massive first-mover advantage of fiat; plus
(ii) the technological hurdles to getting people comfortable with bitcoin (including the fact that bitcoin's greatest advantage (its anonymity) is really its greatest weakness, in that it lets ordinary people get completely fucked and robbed through carelessness or a lack of familiarity with complicated phishing/virus scames); plus
(ii) the huge level of fiat-denominated interactions (on a personal, institutional and daily basis) required with a fiat-denominated government,
mean that any thoughts of bitcoin ever being more than niche are a pipe-dream.
@_date: 2014-01-21 10:09:51
The problem with that is:
(i) student loans and grants will be paid in fiat;
(ii) bank loans / mortgages / overdrafts will be in fiat;
(iii) taxes will be in fiat;
(iv) real world banking presence (banks, building societies) will only accept fiat;
(v) because mortgages will be in fiat, then rental payments will be too, which means that your salary will need to be in fiat...
and on and on.
Bitcoin may have some niche value, but ultimately it has neither the infrastructure nor governmental support to make it a genuine alternative to anything. That will not change.
@_date: 2014-01-21 14:42:16
Presumably because you don't have a mortgage or because you're willing to take FX risk on your fiat-denominated mortgage and your bitcoin denominated rental payments. That's great for you, but I suspect it would take a ballsy and rare tenant to ask for a bitcoin denominated salary in the hope that they might find a bitcoin accepting landlord. Some people might do it sure, but some people live on kibbutz for shelter and some people give handies to their landlords, it doesn't necessarily justify its more widespread adoption.
@_date: 2014-01-21 13:09:38
Okay, let's look at a business:
(i) Employee tax;
(ii) Sales tax;
(iii) tax on profits;
(iv) taxes on distributions (although those are often paid by investors);
(v) capital gains tax;
(vi) regulatory / patent / governmental filings;
(vii) payments to courts for litigation / regulatory actions;
(viii) payments for regulatory/environmental licenses/ permits.
All these need to be in fiat.
Income / Expenses:
In theory, salaries, debt and product purchases could be in bitcoin, but it would require the business to be in an integrated chain (so both the people it buys from, the people it sells to and its investors) that is wholly denominated in bitcoin. If any one of those aspects is not in bitcoin, then its got FX exposure, as it will have a fiat-denominated liability (eg salaries, debt, creditors), but a bitcoin denominated asset (debtors, sales) which creates significant currency risk for the company.
Security Risk
Who controls the keys to the bitcoin? One person for the whole company? One person per wallet, 5 people per wallet? Who manages and tracks the allocation of keys? What happens if someone dies, or is fired or is fraudulent? Suddenly you need to invest in a whole process for dealing with those accounts, and have a whole range of personnel charged with supervising those accounts, which is all very expensive and assumes that it's even possible. I genuinely don't see what a company could do if suddently a wallet got swept - who could it charge, how could it prove anything? it's all anonymous!!
The list goes on, but ultimately if you understand how business and financial institutions work, particularly large ones, you will see the fundamental bars to a large-scale take-up of bitcoin. Might there be some relief on transfer fees (which are tax deductible in any event)? Perhaps. But naturally you need to pass on any savings to customers through reduced fees, as otherwise there's no reason for people to pay in bitcoin if they get the same price. Even if the business saves money through bitcoin, therefore, it might end up in the same net position, as it will need to pass savings on to customers, which reduces the extra profit incentive for it to do this in the first place.
Ultimately, my view is that the risks and costs of switching over seem, to me at least, to far outweigh the limited benefits of signing up.
@_date: 2014-01-21 12:52:14
I've given a longer response, but the point is that the US government spends 3 plus trillion dollars a year. Those are jobs, assets, institutions, liabilities, salaries etc. all denominated in fiat.
It is a truly delusional mind that considers bitcoin has sufficient advantages that can convince people to accept a new currency (and particularly to be salaried in that currenct) on the basis that it might, *it might* save them a few dollars here and there on a few purchases. 
Because really, when you stip away all the nonsense about bitcoin, that's the only tangible advantage that people can be sold on. Namely that they might be able to buy a flight and strip away a few dollars of transactional fees. And in return for that, you're asking them to understand something that is quite complicated to the ordinary person, that carries high security and currency risk for the ordinary person, that has far fewer uses for the ordinary person etc. etc.
Basically, the bitcoin fantasy is like every other fantasy which involves the world coming together to solve a problem. "Hey guys, if only every person voted, or if every person came and protested about x, or if every person just showed love to the person next to them, or hugged a squirrel or whatever, then the world would be perfect". Maybe, but it never quite happens does it? And you're never going to get the momentum of institutional/governmental support that means the advantages of bitcoin outweigh the disadvantages and risks. 
Sorry, cypher, but this kills the bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-21 13:24:44
*...along with its monopoly - has allowed it to develop massive, inescapable problems that will only become more apparent with time.*
Whatever problems fiat may or may not have, it doesn't detract fom the fact that 15% of Americans receive fiat-denominated food stamps, that most of America's financial institutions would be bust  (taking the rest of the economy down with it) without fiat-denominated TARP handouts, that the total outstanding debt for US mortgages is about $10 TRILLION, that every American's 401k / pensions / social security benefits (again, trillions upon trillions) are all going to be paid out in... that's right ... dollars.
I'm not trying to pit $ against bitcoin as that's an unfair fight as most supporters of bitcoin think that it will be complementary / an alternative to $. I'm simply saying that even that is a challenging possibility when so much of day-to-day trade and payments, income and expenditure will, for the extremely forseeable future, be in dollars, meaning that bitcoin will only ever be a distraction.
*...provide opportunities for emerging companies to take care of the convenience layer.*
Which, surprise surprise, will simply add to the cost of using bitcoin, thereby negating the very limited cost savings that are on offer for using it, by simply replacing one service company (visa for example) with another.
*...will continue until fiat destroys itself, as it always does.*
Fiat has been around for quite some time. Whatever problems it may or may not have, if fiat goes down, people certainly aren't going to be happy to hand over food, goods and property for an intangible account on a server somewhere. I promise you, hyperinflation or collapse approaches, people will be investing in silver, gold and commodities.
@_date: 2014-01-21 18:24:54
What's the discount available to people who pay for Sacramento memorabilia with bitcoin? Oh, nothing. Definitely worth using it then.
And is Sacramento accepting bitcoin directly? Oh, no, they're going through Bitpay, who are happy to be in the middle and take fees (from the vendor) and FX risk on the bitcoin they receive and exchange. Oh.
And what's the value of that investment? 400k. Oh.
And what happens when any one of the tiny number of individuals who hold a huge percentage of bitcoin drop out? Well, the market can't easily swallow sales of a couple of milion at a time. Let's see what happens when someone dumps 10m or 20 or 50. Oh.
My head is firmly in fiat sand, I look forward to being schooled.
@_date: 2014-01-21 16:05:59
*dedicated android phone* / *Coinbase using your phone for 2fa* / *stored with multisig transactions requiring keys held by two or more trusted parties* This is the problem. Something that is touted to make life more simple, when you get down to it, actually makes it more complicated. For me at least. Good to speak though, I suspect I'll just have to wait for this one to pass me by too. :)
@_date: 2014-01-21 14:52:15
*nobody's denying institutional inertia; but to say that last year was like this so next year will be the same ad infinitum is erroneous.*
And rail is better than roads, betamax better than vhs, yet here we still are a few hundred years down the line.
*even assuming a 2% service cost, fiat based service costs are already higher AND it loses ~ 3% to 10+% value to inflation per year. You can argue familiarity all day, but real cost is not even a fight.*
First I need a PC.
Then I need to get familiar with the technology.
Then I need to pay service charges for ease of use.
Then I need to pay storage charges for wallet security.
Then I need to pay for transaction charges through people like bitpay (or the merchant needs to pay for them).
Then I need to worry about FX fluctuations.
Then I need to worry about the fact that there are no cash-returns/insurance on purchases.
Yes fiat has problems, but seriously, those associated with bitcoin are just as long and, in some cases (like fraud / theft) infinitely more severe. Can you imagine if bitcoin went mainstream? Every single house you went to, you could point a gun at the owners and anonymously transfer all of their life savings and you'd have no insurance or way of tracking down the funds. Seriously, it would take but a few of those instances to completely wipe-out peoples budding faith in bc. Just a few OAPs with their life-savings stolen, a few young families who have their house deposit phished, or a few students who have their university loans ripped-off by their fratmates, and the publicity would be horrific. 
*until they realize that those are very difficult to transact with; at which point they're likely to at least toy with bitcoin*
Sure, the world's going to pot, financial institutions collapsing, and I take my chances with a young virtual currency, rather than a 5,000 year old, globally accepted, hard store of value. okay.
@_date: 2015-05-06 13:33:19
And have you mentioned the risks associated with it as well? 
For example if your hotelier friend relies on a couple of people to manage the accounts (as you often would with any business) that there won't actually be a trail if one of them (or someone else in accounts who finds out the key) rips him off and transfers the bitcoins to a third party, becuase the process is completely anonymous.
Have you explained to him that if there's malware on their PC, that they risk, again, having the whole balance transferred anonymously and without insurance?
Have you talked through massive currencu swings and fraud and failures at exchange houses?
Perhaps. But I suspect you've perhaps been more a little bit sparing with the truth, and have told him a wide-eyed utopian version of how amazing bitcoin is, without really thinking through the really serious (and adverse) implications that it can have for business owners. And when he loses a fortune? Yup, it was your boss and his employee that sold him down the river.
@_date: 2014-01-22 13:43:08
Thanks. I must confess to pausing before I posted that, but here's my thinking:
Fractional reserve banking largely revolves around receiving and ending out depositors' funds, and retaining but a fraction in reserve for actual cash withdrawals, on the assumption that not everyone will withdraw at once. This results in the bank being a debtor to customer 1 (at 1% interest pa) a creditor to customer 2 (at 5% interest per annum), with the bank making a healthy profit on the spread.
My point was less about their ability to do that, and more about their ability to charge interest on the bitcoin-denominated loans that are advanced, as ultimately the charging of interest is an inflationary act (I think). Specifically, take 500bitcoin (price of a mortgage) and apply 5% compound interest for 50 years. You end up with more than 5000 bitcoin. After 100 years, that's 70,000 bitcoin. After 200 years, that's almost 10,000,000 bitcoin (not far off the total amount in existence). And that's just starting from a base off 500 bitcoin. The problem ramps up very quickly if larger sums are being dealt with.
That was my problem with banks lending in, and charging interest on, bitcoin, but would welcome your thoughts to the contrary, as monetary theory is not my specialty... 
@_date: 2018-06-25 21:52:26
*I only have unrealized losses, which would only materialize if I convert into fiat.*
So if you sold your bitcoin for fiat tomorrow, and then immediately bought back the same amount of Bitcoin, would you have crystallised your losses or not? 
Truth is that the value you originally had has significantly dropped, and the loss **has** already been realised.
Does there remain potential upside in the future? Sure, but no more or less for you than for anyone else who buys in at this stage and at this price.
In short you have made a loss, and you now own an asset with a value of x. Whether or not you keep that value in bitcoin or in some other currency or asset is irrelevant. The point is that, as at today's date, that's all you've now got to play with, and your chance of succeeding or of failing in future ventures with that amount of value is wholly   un-related to the amount of value you once had.
Your mentality is a truly delusional one and is at the heart of sunk cost fallacy. Never go to a casino.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:38:33
*Couldn’t you say the same thing about the Internet in the early 90s when everybody had a land line, though*
Perhaps, but it seems to me that the internet was actually new. Certainly I was excited about the internet in a way that I wasn't about landlines. You could see pictures, go on chat forums with anonymous people , watch slow (SLOWWWwww) porn. That was a completely new thing. Buying stuff with currency isn't. It's another way of doing something that everyone does already, it's just (for now) a worse way of doing it.
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:08:59
Borderless, anonymous transfers yada yada - I get the broad strokes. And so what? I am a law-abiding individual who earns money in fiat. my taxes are payable in fiat. My mortgage is payable in fiat. Every product I want is capable of being purchased in fiat.  All of the foregoing is, by the way, the case for most of the people on this planet. 
Why on earth people like you think anyone is interested in converting their highly useful and widely accepted cash into Bitcoin *other than* to try and make a speculative ponzi gain is beyond me. Seriously, you're taking an asset with huge utility and handicapping yourself by converting it into something with hardly any utility, in the hope that one day it will become useful. That is literally insane unless what you are really trying to do is invest to make a turn. But then you are only investing not because the thing is any good, but because you *hope* that one day it will become good, which is a really perverse concept, and generally not how new products should start out (nor gain traction). 
I mean what other products or companies start out their sales pitch by saying *here's our new incomprehensible product, it's shitter than everything else on the market, comes with real risk of total capital loss and all sorts of other nasties, and it will be awful for quite some time, but hey, one day we "might" get it to work*. 
 How does that compute in your mind?
As for you saying I don't understand the technology, lord, who knows. I think I've got a pretty decent grasp, but if not, you are really fucked. I'm highly educated, have a high-powered job in finance, and have followed and read about Bitcoin for a while. Seriously, if you're going to sit there smugly and say *oh, it's just that you don't get it*, what chance do you have with the rest of the world?
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:46:42
You've clearly not been reading the news. The moment that Bitcoin becomes commonplace, and every business, every person, has a nice, easily and anonymously transferrable bitcoin account, is the moment that these sorts of things become hourly events:
@_date: 2018-02-05 12:18:39
You missed out threat of kidnap/violence resulting in your entire savings being stolen in a second (compared with bank withdrawal limits), the 'no clawback/reversal' feature, which is great for merchants but not so much for consumers, the lack of a ground presence (which banks have), the lack of features (eg insurance on purchases), the lack of regular banking facilities that come with having a normal bank account which is regularly credited with Fiat (overdraft, student loans, mortgage). The list goes on. Bitcoin really is novel, but, sadly, it really is quite rubbish.
@_date: 2013-12-20 14:18:06
Your analogy between bitpay and mastercard is absolutely terrible. 
Ordinary payment processors operate so as to credit US$ into the vendor's account, and then take it from your account, or chalk up a debit on your account (if it's a credit card) which you later have to pay, and up-front the payment to the vendor themselves. There is no FX risk or conversion of currency. US$ is being both paid and accepted, it's simply that rather than you physically paying in cash, it's (effectively) an electronic funds transfer from your account to the vendor's account via the intermediary.
Bitpay is completely different. They are not carrying out pure payment processing by moving bitcoins from your account into a third party vendor's account, but rather they are doing an FX conversion, swapping bitcoin into US$, which they then pay to the vendor. Their ability to carry-out such a swap, depends on the ability to sell bitcoin to the market.
The vendor is not 'accepting' bitcoin in any way, shape or form, nor are their prices denominated in bitcoin. Specifically:
(i) there is no transfer of bitcoin into a lambo dealer's bitcoin wallet, so the lambo dealer is not accepting the currency itself; and
(ii) their prices are not denominated in bitcoin. They didn't quote 1000 bitcoin, and - if bitcoin depreciates to 1$ a coin -they still accept 1,000. Rather, they quote in dollars, and get paid in dollars, it's simply that the buyer sourced those dollars by selling bitcoin through bitpay.
In short, they don't accept bitcoin and they don't quote prices in bitcoin. Saying they accepted bitcoin is like saying they accept drugs. The person buying the lambo may have sold drugs to a third party to get the cash, which cash is then paid to the lambo dealer, but the lambo dealer's not going to accept a suitcase of crack and let you walk out.
@_date: 2013-12-20 14:31:14
*Please explain the discrepancy.*
In your example with Samsung, you are saying that Samsung (i) quotes in US$ and (ii) receives US$ and converts it into KRW.
That is *not* what is happening with bitpay vendors.
Firstly (i) they are not quoting in bitcoin (they quote in dollars, but allow payment in dollars through bitpay post-exchange); and (ii) they do not accept bitcoin and then convert it into dollars, but rather they only accept dollars (again, through bitpay).
In your Samsung example, prices are being quoted in dollars, and dollars are being accepted by the vendor. The vendor then converts the currency.
That's not what's happening in your Amazon example. Of course, if:
(i) the Amazon in your example was willing to quote the price of a book as being 0.1 bitcoin, and that price remained fixed irrespective of bitcoin fluctuation; or
(ii) Amazon quoted prices in dollars, but was actually willing to receive bitcoin in its company wallet,
then you'd have something. As far as I know though, almost no-one is doing that with bitcoin (i.e. quoting in bitcoin, or actually accepting bitcoin) apart from a few people offering e-services that are cheap to produce and don't cost anything to give away.
@_date: 2013-12-19 11:19:21
Nope. They just regulate the companies who you want to accept bitcoin, to make it as illegal to trade in bitcoin as it is in CP or drugs. Bang - no bank will convert it, no company will accept it. Dead.
@_date: 2013-12-19 17:32:47
They didn't, no, but the people who use them and are caught face going to prison, and having their lives destroyed and assets confiscated, as do the businesses that supply them. The advantages to bitcoin would have to be pretty insane for people to take those risks to use and accept it. Certainly no mainstream businesses would, leaving you with just, well, other dealers and CP vendors. Wahoo...
@_date: 2013-12-20 16:30:47
*Exact fucking same thing as what happens when you use a credit card. Do actual cash dollars flow out of the card into the cash register? No. The value of the dollars is applied in a little online account. When you pay with bitpay, actual bitcoin don't go to do the dealer, but the values of those bitcoin are indeed applied to their account.*
With a card payment, dollars go from my account to the dealer's account. It is an electronic transfer of a mutually accepted currency.
With bitbay, you sell bitcoin to someone else who wants to buy it, receive dollars from that person, and then pay dollars to the dealer.  The bitcoin isn't being used to buy anything from the vendor. That's where it fails as a currency, because no-one's accepting it, it's just bought and sold between people who have faith in it, and everyone else accepts standard currency as usual.
And that's fine. It's fine for bitcoiners to swap their real life money into bitcoin, and to swap their bitcoin back into real money, but ultimately, if they're being paid in real money, and have to buy things with real money, the whole bitcoin bit in the middle just seems an additional superfluous and risky addition to the process.
@_date: 2013-12-19 11:51:16
*Anywho, I'm excited about BTC!*
You sound like you're 14.
@_date: 2013-12-19 11:11:31
But the market will almost always attribute a value to something that serves a useful / required function in the real world. 
Humans exist. Humans require shelter. A house provide that, and therefore it has a tangible and necessary function in real life. By satisfying a necessary function, the house has value. Inherent value. 
Bitcoin has no inherent value in this sense.
@_date: 2013-12-20 16:43:28
*Samsung quotes in whatever currency they feel like quoting. You select whatever currency you feel like using, and the price is shown based on the exchange between the two.*
Correct, but the point is that they have payment systems to accept the currency that you select and pay in (i.e. if they give you a pricing option in sterling, USD, JPY etc., then you are able to actually make a payment to them in that currency). 
The point is that no-one can make a payment to Samsung (or anyone else of importance) in bitcoin. Even if the price of a lamborghini is shown in bitcoin on bitpay (or - fuck it - on the vendor's actual site), if the actual vendor won't accept bitcoin then the point of showing that conversion is useless.
You might as well show the price of a lamborghini in bananas on the lamborghini website. The point is that if they won't accept bananas (in person or electronically transferred to them), or that you have to sell bananas to get US$ first, then it's false to say that bananas are a valid form of lamborghini payment or a currency in their own right.
*Getting it as a valid payment option is plenty good enough, and a great first step. Instead you are rejecting this like it's some kind of bad thing and the only acceptable change is total bitcoin conversion.*
I don't mean to come off as if it's a bad thing, I just think that where people give examples of bitcoin being used, they should be accurate. If bitcoin can't actually be used to buy the services in question, and needs to be converted into a different currency first, then it fails to operate as a currency in its own right. In short, it's not a valid payment option if you can't pay in it!
@_date: 2013-12-16 13:01:56
*normal people* are worried by stories about fake exchanges, about people being ripped off for US$100m, about hackers stealing wallets, about people mistakenly sending the wrong amounts out and it being lost, about seeing a system promoted which is only familiar to people who *grew up with MS-DOS*. That's why bitcoin will never - without massive, structural changes and accompanying regulation - be mainstream.
@_date: 2013-12-19 11:16:36
*Now we get to see how Bitcoin adapts to government censorship*
Well... given that the aspiration of bitcoiners is that it will be widely accepted as an alternative currency by retailers and companies, I imagine that such companies not being allowed to freely own / trade bitcoins might be somewhat detrimental to bitcoin's future prospects, no...?