@_author: megaficial
@_date: 2014-02-28 23:21:53
Would you like it better if we called for justice outside of the government? Because there are these freelancers that accept bitcoins for those kinds of jobs. Very freemarket, very lawless solutions can be found.
@_date: 2014-11-16 10:08:09


First off all interpretations are subjective and unfalsifiable but that has nothing to do with what anyone is talking about or why we think you are nuts. Using big words excessively does not help your case.


Yes, contrary to your feminist beliefs, words actually have meaning and etymology matters.
An example would be - when you use words like "patriarchy" most people will recognise this to refer to pater the latin word for father mixed with archy which is roughly translated to rule (rule as in how you govern). This is a good thing. We can roughly tell what the word means even before we have even heard an explanation for it.
Feminism is a bad word for a school of thought that favors equality because inherent in the name we do not have any indication that it is so. Even worse the name implies that it is an -ism for one of the sexes which isn't very equal at all. This also makes the word easy to hijack for sexist females that wants to use the word as it etymologically implies it should/can be used.
This is not a strawman ( i gtgo no time to explain strawman), most people want words that can describe as accurately as possible what it is they are meant to describe in order to avoid confusion. But I can see you have a problem understanding this as the later waves of feminism has made a big deal about how language and science is inherently patriarchal and therefor bad. And they rather promote words like genderless pronouns (words like xir) and other words that are not only etymologically idiotic but also not at all helpful in describing reality even if they somehow were etymologically correct.
@_date: 2014-11-16 23:50:21










Then what the hell is this even in reference to and what do you mean to say by it? Because it sure looks like you are referencing your own interpretation of feminism moving on to using a very fallacious and self absorbed argument.


No, you were battling imaginary strawmen with your rabbid rant about mindreadings, underlying motivations while thinking about supposition about motivations. When the reality of the situation was that it was just a bunch of people who thought one word was a better fit than another.
Your masterbatory ways with words, your feminist vocabulary and emphasis on the word me in your previous post marks you as a crazy person. Also you are totally hung up on the female gender/sex oppression thing and thinks it is super important.


It is pretty much factually correct, feminism is a shit word for an equal rights movement, especially in todays society. And I have given a lot of reasons of why that is so.


I was saying that the word is bad for it's purpose, and that the historical circumstances makes it worse, I later explained why it is so. Nowhere do I or anyone say that feminism cannot be whatever shit outside of it's etymology and it's morphemes. You can call fireflies icecream for all I care, but it's a bad word for the thing you are trying to describe.


Read this shit son, nowhere do I make an absolute statement about what feminism can or cannot be, I just say it is a bad word for what you people want it to be.
@_date: 2014-01-26 18:39:19
This makes no sense. We have all agreed that we can own money, either it is so or it is not. Just because you call it a "social construct" does not change ownership of the money.
@_date: 2014-10-02 20:46:25
That's the part were you should have been able to notice sarcasm, most people react to the sudden turn of absurdity with a recognition of humor and if it is pulled off well surprise and laughter. But in this, case as you noticed, the comment was also to make you think about privacy. 
@_date: 2014-10-02 20:27:31
I'm saying that both Tor and closed doors can hide more actions than just shady drug purchases. Then you should be able to detect sarcasm when I say - closed doors and Tor are bad because of their ability to hide actions.
@_date: 2014-10-02 20:10:59
Encryption is a lock, closed door is the closest we got to anonymity in a home, get with the analogies man. 
@_date: 2014-11-16 04:24:46
No, you just have to know how words works.
Please leave your crazy on tumblr.
@_date: 2014-04-09 00:30:09
It's not by accident or all-encompassing-conspiracy that human society everywhere on earth has been ruled mostly by men. Sure there are some exceptions like queen Elizabeth and Merkel. The same is true of important discoveries were Marie Curie is the only real name of note. Statistically through history everywhere men produce more leaders and innovaters and women produce more housewifes.
@_date: 2014-10-02 19:49:12
Drugs are illegal. I can hide anything behind a closed door/Tor. Closed doors/Tor are bad.
@_date: 2014-11-16 18:23:08


Just shit, and then you talk to me about fallacies. So people now need to know your personal beliefs to talk about feminism. Do you not see how self absorbed you are? Do you not see how I can use that argument to defend any belief and then turn the definition into my own fucking interpretation of the belief?


Of course you do, and that is why feminism invents it's own jargon, only that jargon cannot accurately describe anything real or concrete and mostly consists of confusing pronouns without any etymological connections.


The label is encouraging people to be more in favor of women than men because of the morphemes it consists of, or you could say it is just how words work. Feminists usually understands this when it comes to words like **man**kind but they are suddenly blind when they look at their own morphology. Feminism is even worse than mankind because it is used to describe an ideology with groups that are constantly fighting for it's meaning. Because of it's etymology and it's morphological structure (what I tried to tell you when I said that words actually have meaning), the name can derail discussion, it can be subverted for contrary purposes and even alienate people, it's just a terrible name for the purpose you want it to have. We are not saying it is impossible to use the word feminism for the purpose of describing egalitarianism, just that it is really fucking stupid.


See, this is what a strawman looks like. But if you seriously see how feminism can be an alienating word then isn't it strange to use it instead of egalitarianism? You know so that everyone can be equally comfortable with the word?


Yes and that is why I would never associate with any of those or use them for a serious purpose.


It was important to the point I was making, the point being that you use words as masterbation.


It was not the issue though, it is only you that see this supposition and comment on it. I tried to tell you that twice. Though admittedly I might come of strong/not so helpful, but that is only because you write some really dumb shit and I am unsure if you are a troll or not.
@_date: 2015-01-05 04:37:26
It has the liability and lure of corruption that comes with any ruling system that concentrates power. Working police force says nothing about who they are working for and should be treated as an unknown multiplier in determining if the positive or negative effects on the implied assumption that having a working police force and a matching army means that they are working in their citizens interest.
@_date: 2015-01-29 22:29:17
Bitcoin is way to hard to use for me but I downvoted because he thinks forums are popularity contests.
@_date: 2015-01-29 23:23:31
I specified the reason for downvoting you. I also downvote people who missuse the word random.
@_date: 2015-01-18 02:10:37
Words exist only because we have given them meaning, that is their only purpose. There are few things that we can know to be so true at a fundamental level.
You wouldn't understand a single word if it weren't so.
@_date: 2015-01-05 16:41:50
It's the same thing there, you demonstrate a lack of understanding.
@_date: 2015-11-20 13:22:42
Trying to liken encryption to guns is probably an underhanded way to say that encryption is dangerous.
@_date: 2015-03-31 08:01:18
Most people will not remember the silk road case enough to make a connection, among those who do many will not give a shit because of their opinion on drugs and "the law surely does not work like that". Even if you show the correct documents no one will care.
You are a conspiracy theorist now, welcome to the club.
@_date: 2015-10-18 08:41:44
Impersonation is illegal.
@_date: 2015-02-11 00:12:29
If you are interested and got some time over [this documentary]( explains some motives of wanting to keep mariyana illegal and does a good job retelling some of the history of mariyana as well. It's a good start.
@_date: 2013-12-26 15:38:27
Just put some tape over it like a normal person.