@_author: megatonpupper
@_date: 2017-12-23 05:12:49
Wrong again, Bitcoin Core is the name of the reference client (software you use to manage those coins) for Bitcoin. The actual currency is only called Bitcoin. Roger calls it Bitcoin Core due to its direct association with Bitcoin, and because he wants to hijack the brand and legitimize Bcash.
This is literally the story of a bunch of greedy miners with no programming background (Bcash) vs a community of developers who know what they are doing (Bitcoin).
That's fine if you want to be a shill for the kinds of people that brought on the dotcom bubble, but get that out of &gt; Just like nobody owns the email technology, nobody owns the Bitcoin network. As such, nobody can speak with authority in the name of Bitcoin.
IN the name of Bitcoin, yes. I can't say that Bitcoin supports gay marriage. Not OF the name of Bitcoin. That name was decided in literally the original whitepaper on it from Satoshi.
@_date: 2017-12-23 00:46:55


Sure, he has a story for why he is doing it. But he ignores that we already have solutions for what BCH is trying to do, for example, litecoin. And that has better developers behind it, a better history, less sketchy/self-motivated people (the found sold all of his litecoin recently), no premining, etc. And has it's own hashing algorithm and blockchain. And tons of other advantages, like smart contracts, on the roadmap
And that also doesn't excuse the use of the Bitcoin name to confuse people and take over the brand (bitcoin.com? calling it Bitcoin Core?). And Roger trashs litecoin because he knows people would have no reasons to us BCH over litecoin, other than the bitcoin name confusion.


I am confused then that, being a software developer, you would go with management's side. Dumb management decisions that ignore technical advice almost always blow up in people's faces. "Let's rush the product out before it's ready" has ruined way more startups than it has helped. And bitcoin has exploded since the fork, so it's not like BTC has proven itself correct.
@_date: 2017-12-23 04:58:54


But rarely is the situation "pristine code with no users." It is usually, we have a bunch of decently paying customers right now, but we would squeeze a lot more money out of them right now if we push this new product, and this would make out investors happy before the fiscal year ends. So that product is rushed, it causes a bunch of problems, and most of the customers migrate to better software, funding dries up, and like most startups, the place suddenly shuts down.
Bitcoin was not at any risk of losing users! It is still by far the market leader...


If you think Bcash is decentralized, you don't know what it means. Most of it is mined by literally 2-4 people. Hmm, I wonder who the fuck those people can be... maybe the few well known millionaires pushing it all the time?
Bitcoin is unevenly centralized, but among thousands of big players, not less than 10, making it far more decentralized.


It depends how you view it, but no, you don't have bitcoin, you have a copy of bitcoin and the moment it is altered, it should be called something else. Bitcoin is the brand, blockchain is the technology. If I took a copy of the html files behind Rob's web store, but then changed it to sell my products, I wouldn't keep calling it Rob's website, I would called it MegatonPupper's web store.
And Roger and all those idiots are going a step further and saying that their fork is the real Bitcoin. It is no different than copying someone elses paper, changing a few of the answers to wrong answers, and then telling your teacher that the kid you copied it from is actually the fraud.
Tell me why so many other Bitcoin forks, like litecoin, didn't have to resort to trying to steal Bitcoin's brand and name recognition, even though it is a soft fork of it?


You trying to parallel bitcoin (the real one) to ethereum classic just shows your bias. Ethereum Classic was forked into Ethereum because a hacker got to it. Bitcoin was forked because of a few dumb, greedy miners investors wanting more control.
You haven't been able to give a solid example of what Bcash has over litecoin, so from a technical perspective, all you are offering is a shill account of something you are invested in.
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:09:54
I'm just trying to understand it. I thought it was all about capital gains, and until you've cashed out, it doesn't matter what you theoretically have.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:24:33
Most of my portfolio is in litecoin, not bitcoin, but there are a lot more reasons to hate Bcash than it just not being what we bought. It is because all Bcash is, is a bunch of early bitcoin miners (including a CEO who supports child pornography) trying to steal control of the coin and brand for themselves. They aren't committed to a decentralized currency because they want it to be centralized around THEM. The people buying into it are just riding their hype wagon these millionaires have sold them as part of a a get-rich quick scheme, not because they believe that it brings anything new technology wise that makes it better than bitcoin.
It will eventually be dead in the water without lightening network. Litecoin fills the "cash" roll it is pretending to be much better as a result.
Also, a lot of people should actually have some bcash if they had it before the fork, yet most of us sold that garbage the moment we got it.


It's not called Bitcoin Core, it's called Bitcoin. Using that term proves you are just another shill.
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:14:31
You don't have to report it until you cash out?
@_date: 2018-03-03 14:55:14
"Rent everything" is a dumb philosophy though. In a lot of cases you will pay way more money renting something over the course of its lifespan than if you just bought it outright. Things are only available for rent because someone else is going to be able to make more money off of it than what they paid for it.
People choose rent for two reasons. One is that they are two poor to buy something they need (people who can't afford a house in the area they live), or because they always want the latest and greatest (people who want to drive a brand new luxury car every year). Neither of which are good financial goals.
The ideal of being a smart consumer, saving money where you can, and living minimalistically is a good thing. Buy a small house, economical car, etc. But that is different than "renting everything." Rent what makes sense to rent (like tools you are only going to use a few times) and buy everything else.