@_author: megowalkabout
@_date: 2014-11-21 16:21:05
shit. i'm gonna be that guy.
there's an extra space between "satoshis" and "today"
because... is the difference between sound, strong, reliable, trustworthy institution and Nigerian prince.
@_date: 2015-10-05 02:17:29
i don't buy the reality of your scenario: not sure why anyone would pool in and have it delivered to the person at work, unless their intent is to be cruel. i agree, THAT *would* be lame, and that would be public shaming, but the idea behind this product is actually a useful one, and if delivered properly, makes a very personal and difficult conversation easier. 
years ago i worked in a studio where a temp from an agency was brought in for a few weeks. the guy did great work, but he wore the same exact clothes every day and smelled horrible. made it really difficult as we all worked in a small, cramped space. fortunately, we could pass the buck back to the agency for *them* to have the difficult talk. the very next day the guy came in wearing brand new clothes and, well, to be honest, he went a bit overkill on the scents, and though i'm guessing he was a bit self-conscious, he didn't show it, and i can't help but think we ultimately did him a favor with his future gigs.


@_date: 2015-10-04 20:00:46
I LOVE this idea. though i might feel differently if i were on the receiving end ;)
a few of thoughts:
1. if i were on the receiving end, it might lessen the sting if a note was included that says something like "From someone / a friend / co-worker who cares." maybe show on the website some suggestions for the note to help the verbally-deficient soften the blow.
2. show a photo of the actual box filled with the products. i'd want to know exactly what i was sending and the form it would take before i even considered using this. the illustrations make it seem more conceptual than actual.
3. someone already mentioned halitosis, toothbrush and toothpaste. to this i would add dental floss. i was absolutely CLUELESS about my own breath until an ex-gf angrily brought it to my attention. turns out it was cause by the rot and decay of foodstuffs stuck between my teeth that the toothbrush simply didn't catch. too real? i never again want to see that look of repulsion for such an easily avoided problem. floss, people. really.
4. last thing. great logo. well-executed. made me smile and continues to make me smile. as someone who's in that business, i'm going to nitpick that the droplets spraying from the elephant's trunk should arc the same direction as the curve of the trunk. or, as a second thought, maybe 1 curves up and the other two curve downward to look more "splashy". 11 out of 10 non-diva-designers will never notice such a thing (similar to bad letterspacing), but the physics-defying visual makes for an unnecessary distraction. yes, i know it's an illustration. i did acknowledge that i was nitpicking, but i do so only to help. the middle finger extended my direction is implicitly understood.
5. the ordering page shipping notice: "currently" is currently spelled out as "surrently"
i hope it's understood that i wouldn't even take the time to write this if i didn't think that this was worth the effort. best wishes!
@_date: 2015-02-21 16:35:30
ApplePay®™© did the same for me at a restaurant recently. didn't even have internet access, didn't have to jump through intermediary hoops either. please add my nothing story of nothing to your nothing story of nothing and lets celebrate nothing but our ability to spew words excitedly!!!!