@_author: meh5678
@_date: 2017-01-11 01:49:16
Mostly true. There is no "quota" on  filled, but each bank better have a rule written to catch/identify the various types of activities that comprise the most common forms of money laundering. Whether it be structuring cash deposits or withdrawals. Staying right $9k over a large volume of transactions is way more suspicious than going over 10k occasionally and having a CTR filed.
Now obviously when those rules (thresholds) are violated an alert is created. At that point someone on the AML team has to make a decision to file a SAR or not. Typically imo banks are overly risk averse in regards to these regulations, but when you see the size of fines levied if you were determined to be negligent or complicit in some huge conspiracy because your software should have caught this, or an analyst should never have passed an alert, the bank's cautiousness becomes more defensible and explainable.
What I meant by above my pay-grade is we have higher ups who assign certain risk ratings to various types of customers- for example Money Service Businesses are higher risk than a random national retail clothing store. They're also responsible for making sure analysts are on the same page as far as "suspicious activity" because it's broad and vague for a reason. As a result they write rules and procedures as guidelines to try and streamline this really broad definition of suspicious. 
Additionally, a lot of it is cover your ass policy. Regulators rarely give massive fines when you have policies and procedures in place but something just slipped through the cracks or someone made a marginally close decision that turned out to be wrong. What they crush you for is not having processes in place, rules that cover everything and are constantly adapting to new trends.
@_date: 2017-01-11 03:51:48
I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but no.  The vast majority of alerts we actually will pass. FinCEN also doesn't want a bunch of junk SARs that waste peoples time. 
We pass tons of alerts without filing a SAR. Most analysts at our bank file one SAR for about every 10 alerts we "pass" or deem not suspicious. Often times there is a very legitimate explanation. A common scenario would be an account alerts for cashier's checks that depleted the account and 6 we're $25k and purchased on the same day for the same amount. Quick Google search shows customer died few months back, a life insurance check of $150k funded the cashier's checks that were payable to family members with details noting "estate distribution" or something like that.  That's never gonna be a SAR. But change it to the checks are all payable to one of the account signers, moved to another financial institution (what's the purpose) and the 150k was funded by cash deposits with minimal other account activity and we would probably be SAR'ing that one and likely closing the account and exiting the relationship.
There are countless more rules than just structuring too. Excessive ATM activity, excessive cash deposits or wds in personal accounts, excessive transfers between accounts, wires involving higher risk countries, large  cashier's checks in and out, high volume of money orders, volume of returns, and the list goes on.
@_date: 2017-01-10 06:34:04
Money ain't got no owners, only spenders.
@_date: 2017-01-10 07:04:18
I work at a mid size regional bank in the AML Department, often dealing with accounts like yours. Each Bank is going to have a different risk tolerance for Bitcoin activity. Way above my pay grade, but for instance our current policy is we do not bank any Bitcoin ATM or other businesses primarily dealing with Bitcoin. That could obviously change in the future. 
In your situation, I assume you're doing all this activity in one personal checking account. It's quite possible a bank may be wiling to let this activity take place in a "business" account where you create an LLC for your 'daytrading of Bitcoin', if they were comfortable with those types of businesses (our Bank is not one of them and we'd shut you down for that activity every time, no questions asked).
 You can be mad about it, call it unfair, but the fact remains banks have a shit ton of regulations to comply with and when something appears remotely risky with little upside they are never going to keep an account open. Additionally banks have the right to determine whether a customer is just someone they don't want to do business with (you in this case) and I can almost guarantee they also wrote at least 1, if not more SARs on you so for your sake I hope you're story is the truth.
Also the threshold (rules for alerts to be created) is going to be massively different for a business account than a personal account. Any personal account with the volume of transactions noted ITT will probably at least "alert" according to most AML software whereas a business account at most banks (except ours) would probably slide through. 
Tons of accounts alert all the time that are not deemed suspicious. But it's really just each bank's own risk tolerance for a customer's activity, and as always the answer is "It Depends," on many, many different factors from account type, customer profile and history, other activity in the account including if the account has nothing but the Bitcoin activity or do you have regular living expenses and other deposits as well that are a significant percentage of the account's activity.
@_date: 2018-02-11 00:30:11
I can promise you, every single bank would happily not have an AML department. The departments aren't cheap, and they provide nothing to the bottom line for the bank. If there weren't regulations mandating it, they'd happily close their eyes to it.
Btw, go check out Netflix's new series Dirty Money episode  about HSBC called Cartel Bank. Should provide a lot of insight as to how this all works.
Source: Have worked at a bank in AML for a couple years now.