@_author: meimnot555
@_date: 2018-07-26 19:19:03
Thanks for all the replies. I'm still trying to grasp this whole thing, so forgive me for asking so much.. But I have some more questions after these replies. First, why Bitcoin? Besides being the most widely adapted and popular digital currency, what can it really do that's so much better than every other cryptocurrency? Whats the secret sauce that some other currency can't just come along and do better or more efficiently? As for the decentralized stuff-- I again see this being a huge strength (and probably a backbone) for why these currencies might be very useful in a global scale. But for larger nations, couldn't a government simply ban business from accepting the currency and/or shutter local exchanges? I can understand the huge strengths of using block chain and the ledger scheme of bitcoin, but couldn't local governments make using the coin such a pain in the ass that they could effectively kill its value within that region? What about its wild value swings? I'd think that would make doing business with the coin a huge nightmare when currency needs to flow and can't just be stored hoping that the value with increase, or at least stay the same. I am sorry, because asking all of these questions I'm sure that I can coming off as a detractor...  That isn't my intentions. I'm just not comfortable putting my money into something that I don't understand, but I also feel like its foolish not to ask questions and gather information on investment options before deciding on a potential investments risks and rewards really are. I appreciate every single reply I've gotten, and I wanted to thank everyone for taking the time out of their days to help me understand all of this. So-- Thanks!
@_date: 2018-07-26 11:12:33
Maybe someone here can help me. I just don't understand the value of Bitcoin. I can see it having an advantage in countries with runaway inflation. I can see it having its advantages within black market transactions. I can see the technology, itself, having all kinds of real world applications. What I don't see is value in Bitcoin. When I look at it, I see energy costs to farm and maintain the network. I see hardware costs. I see coins that can't be used to buy things nearly as easily as dollars can, or at nearly as many places. I have to use dollars to pay my taxes. I don't have to use bitcoin for anything. So to me, it seems like in developed countries you have a currency that is difficult to spend, so all you can really do is sell it out for dollars. But then, where does the value come from?  It feels highly speculative. To make matters worse, the number of new coins that will be generated will keep getting rarer. While this makes the existing coins rarer-- and adds to their value as a limited currency-- the network that is mining these coins will become heaving tested. If people aren't hitting the new coin lottery--- will they continue paying to power the infrastructure that makes bitcoin even work? I'm just not getting it, and it feels like a huge bubble.
@_date: 2018-07-26 19:25:30
I understand this to be exactly why the currency is thought to have resistance against inflation. But it's also one of those things that really makes me sit back and question the entire thing. Gold has value because it can be used in jewelry and in electrical components. Most other metals have value for their ability to be used in tools and components. Oil, Gas-- energy. The Dollar has nothing to back it up-- but almost all oil is traded in US Dollars- which gives them their value. Most fiat currencies have value because you have to pay your taxes using that nations currency. If you want to do business in that nation, you're going to need that nations currency. Bitcoin doesn't have any of these traits. It's value is only driven by the fact that it is limited-- and by supply and demand. But, I am still learning about Bitcoin, so maybe I'm missing something completely.. I don't know. So is my understanding a fair statement?
@_date: 2018-07-26 21:07:37
I'll check out the videos. History, though, would suggest the US may not have a problem as they did this with gold already with executive order 6102  to deal with americans hoarding gold. 