@_author: melcarvalho
@_date: 2014-10-17 11:54:52
Peter has some good qualities, such as his many unglamorous contributions to the scripting unittests, but they are overshadowed by the lost contributions of the developers he's pushed away from Bitcoin with his vitrol. He should stick to the former.
But Peter isn't the only person I'm talking about, though I see no need to name names yet.
@_date: 2014-10-17 11:16:06
The incredible, vitriolic, hostility against anyone who departs from the "anonymity good/law enforcement bad" ethos of the "dark" parts of Bitcoin is one of the most toxic aspects of Bitcoin development. I can understand why people would be concerned, but that it gets used to whip up reddit hate against people like Gavin who aren't even trying to change the privacy of Bitcoin is off-putting to outsiders asking themselves if they want to get involved.
@_date: 2014-10-17 12:10:59
Wow, what was fast. And a bunch more that I didn't include were deleted as well.
I don't know why Peter edited rather than deleted that one comment when he deleted others. Because other comments obviously referred to his?
@_date: 2014-10-17 10:59:00
I think you know exactly who it is, and there isn't just one of them either. I don't see why you are saying there isn't bad language with all of the examples below:
"Fact is this unauthenticated shit just doesn't belong in the protocol."
"Why are we risking Bitcoin for the same of some fucking alt-coin maintainers? Those scam artists should take their shit and get off of github."
"BIP39 is going to result in a lot of fucked users with lost funds with this braindead use of unicode just because some idiots can't live without English passwords. Expecting consensus from normalization tables is a shit idea."
"If you're the type of idiot dumb enough to be running a dice site accepting zeroconf you deserve to lose your shirt. They are a DOS attacks against Bitcoin and should be punished as such."
"You know, if the colored coin people can't figure out how to make colored coin systems work with this patch, fuck them. I've told them how to do it right multiple times and they don't listen, which is plenty enough evidence that they're fucking amateurs who don't understand what they're doing." [*](
edit: add another example
@_date: 2014-10-17 11:36:11
"fucking alt-coin maintainers" is pretty clearly directed at specific people, and the even worse "fucking amateurs who don't understand what they're doing" comment was directed at people who were commenting in the exact same pull-request.
There's just no excuse for that kind of abuse, and swearing is very unprofessional anyway.