@_author: meldrumlaw
@_date: 2013-10-21 15:10:01
That is an excellent clip.  Thanks for sharing.  I have been thinking about some of these very issues (I'm a commercial lawyer).  
@_date: 2013-10-21 13:27:19
I'm very new to this, but I get this feeling also.  I can understand that people who are long in BTC are rooting for incredible price rises, but that investor-mindset doesn't comport with the long term goal of widespread adoption of BTC as a currency.  Would anyone in their right mind enter into a long term contract priced in BTC?  An enterprise purchasing components to make widgets is in, and presumably wants to remain in, the widget-making business.  If that enterprise prices a contract in BTC, that enterprise is now also in the currency-speculating business.  The subject contract could become unprofitable for one of the counterparties based solely on the swings of the BTC market.
Bitcoin needs to stabilize (or all fiat alternatives need to simultaneously collapse) before widespread commercial adoption occurs.  In the meantime, is its "store of value" characteristic sufficient to support the crazy price increases?  It certainly is true that there will ever be only 21 million units of bitcoin, so it has rarity going for it.  That is, if you define rarity as "how many bitcoins are there in the world," and you ignore that there are innumerable bitcoin alternatives right now, and will certainly be more as time moves forward.  There is effectively an infinite supply of cryptocurrency.  The rarity of bitcoin itself only matters if it outcompetes all of its alternatives.  And I think the only way to do that is widespread commercial adoption, which the price volatility is likely to hamper.      
@_date: 2013-10-21 14:30:11
Don't get me wrong -- as a newcomer, I think bitcoin in particular is an incredibly exciting thing with an abundance of promise.  I'm don't have any particular position (yet) and am basically just trying to learn.  I'm not even sure I would say I'm skeptical.  But I sense a tension between the currency-ish goals of the project, and what appears to be equity-ish exuberance of the early adopters.
@_date: 2013-10-21 14:21:23
I fear that usefulness and price volatility aren't going to play well together.
@_date: 2013-10-21 14:24:19
I pay a service a moderate, fixed amount of USD to clean my house each week.  The contract is monthly.  I wouldn't agree to do that in BTC and neither would the service.  Could I build a derivative to hedge the currency risk?  Sure.  Is it worth my time?  No.  If I had that kind of time, I wouldn't have hired a housekeeper.