@_author: meloddie
@_date: 2014-04-22 18:59:50
But, you really *don't* know what everyone is doing to *achieve* that process you were taught in school. Not at that low, *truly concrete* level. Who's doing what how, where they do it, whether someone can tamper with the votes at some point along that chain.
Whereas if you know abstractly of the security of blockchains from experience and an equally high-level explanation of how information flows through that system, and you're taught just enough to understand how your voting blockchain is different from say the BTC blockchain, you have as much or less to worry about than before, despite the possibly more abstracted view you have of the process.
@_date: 2014-04-22 18:25:33
I think they're saying it's unsubstantiated because you don't explain why, or how your terms fit together and what consequences you're... expecting everyone to infer? The "why" and "how" stuff would be the substance then.
I for instance am not certain I understand what element/problem of [secret ballots]( you're referring to. I presume you're using the two terms together and implying this system would be too good at maintaining secrets (to some unknown detriment?), or too poor at preserving political privacy.
Whereas those aren't the issues most would like to see improved by a blockchain method. The article is a bit vague and pointless and just seems to want to talk about how it's "cool" and "new" and "ideally liberal."
But I think many here like this idea for making voting more convenient, which can be important for capturing poor voters. This may be a more specific problem for us in the U.S. though. It'd make more sense to me to just make voting days holidays, voting mandatory, and allow "abstain" on ballots.
@_date: 2014-01-22 08:06:17
Keep us posted.
@_date: 2014-04-22 19:18:57
Lol, for a certain value of "greatness," perhaps.
@_date: 2014-03-09 17:31:23
Thank's. You know, your nick make's you great for explaining these kind's of thing's.
@_date: 2014-04-22 18:56:56
Thank you. That clarifies things a bit.
I still think there are ways they can address that, as long as they are aware of those problems going in, but it certainly needs watching out for. For instance, AFAIK they don't mention using this to put polling places to rest. It might just be intended lower the bar for creating decent more-secure polling places.
Say you could use your own phone or computer at the polling place, on the network, but only under secure circumstances (plus some booths with computers for those who don't have a suitable device), then you verify your vote fully at that voting network node or whatever and get back a receipt with a code. You can still log onto the network remotely, but outside the networks provided at those secured polling places all that information is encrypted. Your receipt is only useful to show that you voted, and to track where your vote is in the chain and on the off-chance whether it's been tampered with, but not what your vote actually *was*.
(And for the record, I've been the main one upvoting you here, because I wanted a discussion like *this one*. xD)
**EDIT: Revised description of mixed-network-access scheme with secure polling places.**
@_date: 2014-04-22 18:13:21
How many people actually understand the entire paper-based vote collection, counting, etc. process?
An abstracted understanding should suffice. Which I sort of agree would require more public familiarity with BTC or other blockchain-based technology. But it wouldn't necessarily be any worse than paper already is.
@_date: 2016-01-05 21:08:19
Take any community or media surrounding a commodity whose only practical uses (or most major in the case of gold) are trade and investment. They're gonna have a lot of that kind of hypey rhetoric floating around. Because greed.
@_date: 2013-11-15 18:09:58
I would like to see how something like this could go when you have a meta-regulatory system with no central authority, like a manager of listings of valuations, histories, faults, and reasons in the history of a digital currency. Not like bank and government controlled online cash today, but something more democratic.
But ... not with Bitcoin. x/