@_author: melodyze
@_date: 2018-01-13 06:15:21
It depends on the implementation. I can't make a general statement like that about all implementations of PoS, although I should have used "can" instead of "could". 
Casper has that feature on the Ethereum testnet as an example.
@_date: 2018-01-13 05:59:03
Neither of those statements can reasonably be said. Some PoS algos have way more security against things like 51% attacks than Bitcoin's PoW, since the coins someone is accrueing with bad intent could have a mechanism to be burned, leading to an infinite cycle of repurchasing to try to bring down the network, whereas PoW is just a few hundred million dollars of mining equipment and you can derail the chain forever. 
Plus last I checked two mining pools control more than half of the hash rate of Bitcoin. They could do pretty much anything they want to the chain if they decided they wanted to orchestrate the requisite cooperation.
Edit: it's now 3 mining pools to reach over 50%, still not exactly a crazy amount of decentralization.
@_date: 2017-12-20 15:37:41
There is obviously a spectrum of "doesn't scale" though, and Bitcoin is all of the way on the wrong end. Almost every other crypto is better for transactions than Bitcoin, and it's not because btc is handling the most transactions. 
Ether handles more than twice as many transaction last I checked with far lower fees and faster confrimations than btc.
Some ideas like delegated proof of stake or DAG ledgers are taking it even farther. 
If Bitcoin is going to be anything other than digital gold blocks in the long run it needs to at least try to keep up with the rest of distributed ledger tech. 
Otherwise why would I build a business on top of lightning network over Ethereum's upcoming sharding, plasma or raiden, or Iota's flash channels, or basically every other coin that has has more scalability and is working on similar services? If the underlying tech scales better then reattaching the off chain transactions will always be cheaper on other chains.
Just like the dotcom bubble, the boom eventually needs to be cashed out in economic utility. 