@_author: meltedsnowman13
@_date: 2017-10-05 19:53:19
The way the market has been for the last few months I would anticipate more regulatory maneuvers such as china cracking down on ICOs or South Korea doing the same will introduce minor fluctuations in the future. I assume that sometime in the next few weeks or months there will be another "period of brief uncertainty" such as those created by the aforementioned regulations where you can capitalize on a lower coin price to get the most bang for your buck. However if you think that its going to shoot up within the next few weeks and never come down, do what you want with your money. Its yours to use as you would like. 
Seeing as you are asking if this is a good investment on Reddit id assume you dont know so much about crypto. I would start by creating a Gemini.com wallet or coinbase (I perfer gemini because you can day trade more easily and the transactions are lower in cost I believe). It will also take up to a week to get cleared and more time to deposit all 5k into that account so start in on that.
Then I would look into what bitcoin really is, read the first two chapters of Don Tapscott's Blockchain revolution (libgen.io is your friend, search on there but actually buy it if you find the book worthwhile)
I would then learn how to get an offline wallet, experiment with something like Jaxx on the phone etc. so that you can move the bitcoin with confidence as the worst place to have your holdings is on an exchange (see MTGOX hack back in the day or DAO hack)
Finally I would look into Ethereum first, then maybe litecoin, zcash, monero etc. Honestly 90% of my holdings are in eth with some bitcoin and smatterings of altcoins from ICOs I supported out of respect for the team and desire to see the functionality on the blockchain. 
just a  disclamer, you probably won't get rich off this so don't quit your day job, but high risk investments go hand in hand with high rewards, so you never know.
I would stay away from bright shiny ICOs if your a crypto newbie, most are garbage some are incredible investments, it is hard to tell if you don't know what your doing yet.
Feel free to reach out to me via private messages, I run courses for crypto newbies including skype sessions etc. I am by no means the only voice you should listen to however, this subreddit is full of knowledgeable people. 
@_date: 2017-10-05 19:34:05
Can you afford to loose 5k? if that does not hurt your financial future I would consider it. The biggest thing to do is wait for a dip. 5k will get you a little over 1 bitcoin at current prices. Waiting for a dip in price may get you much more. If I were you id also invest in eth and other altcoins as well. Even with crypto its wise to not keep all your eggs in one basket.
Source: I have made lots of money and also lost lots of money day trading, using, holding cryptocurrency. Also I work in crypto in my professional life.
@_date: 2017-10-05 19:36:37
if you have an internet connection even on your phone your set. Does not matter if you are in Iowa or Siberia...
Try Gemini better than Coinbase IMO
@_date: 2019-05-30 22:09:06
Talk dirty to me fam