@_author: melting_harps
@_date: 2018-01-29 21:13:34
That's exactly why I said its a cruel joke, you force people into a soft form of incarceration, eventually into poverty and then get them on petty charges you can get an incarceration on when you're bs case on pinning him on the Malware/Ransomware hack didn't work out: 
Nerds have really become the 21st century gangsters/terrorist, and the US is showing just how Draconian it is when it does this. How anyone respects any form of Law Enforcement in this country with situations like this, Ross', and Asset Forfeiture etc... is beyond me. 
They make criminals out of anyone they want. 
Sidenote: Lets not forget these are 0-days acquired from the Shadowbroker's NSA hack. 
@_date: 2018-01-29 03:29:27
OZ R34 driver knows what's up. Fuck the Lambo, I'll take a Model 3 or if I want to go wild a Stagea with GTR aero and 700hp for less than 1/3 of the price, and destroy any kid bitch-shifting his second-hand Gallardo in every conceivable. 


That's what's known as 'hard parking.'  
@_date: 2018-01-29 03:14:54


Damn, I wondered what happened to him when they jumped all over him at Defcon last year; things just went dark and I expected the worst (sent off to some black site), but... what a fucking cruel joke. Good thing he has the backing of the EFF and his friends, hopefully he is taking payment via crypto for some dev work while in the US, that is a use-case if their ever was one: The State imprisoned me on allegations, and now refuses to let me go home, and it has stripped me of the ability to earn a living in the process, but I use Bitcoin, so what can Bitcoin do for you?
I just hope he doesn't get a kangaroo trial like Ross did... 
@_date: 2018-01-31 06:39:17


Harsh but fair; tough love and all that. 
@_date: 2018-01-05 04:09:46
Thanks again for your continued generosity, you really have covered a lot of organizations with your donations.
I wanted to share this as some may have not been able to follow the CCC this year, or last, and wanted to spotlight the Snowden 7 (refugees) that helped Edward Snowden when he was being hunted in Hong Kong. Suffice it to say it's best to [watch the presentation here]( but here is a pretty good synopsis of the [organization and its progress, and cause.](
[Here is where you can donate via BTC.](
I really like Edward's message this year in which he emphasized the core values of not just the CCC, but of Hacker Community as a whole. Remember: without Bitcoin, Wikileaks would have never existed; which meant Edward Snowden would not have had Sara Harris or Julian Assange to help get him out of Hong Kong, and subsequently Russia while en-route to S. America. 
Thanks for all that you've done, dude!
@_date: 2018-01-28 04:41:56
Contact Kevin Owocki to see if his project Gitcoin can help contribute to this as well, cool project:
@_date: 2018-01-24 20:01:12
God damn that is a horrible track, 8.5 million for a track/album like that was his silver bullet and I'd hold those coin into eternity if that's what his music is like lately (I was never a fan, but he was big when I was in HS). 
And before anyone starts bitching, I just finished a refix of Middle Child's - Calamity (the samples he used are really good, and that bass line is weighty everything else about that track is just taking away from it) I'd like to see 88n8 and Yt Cracker both spit bars over it, if anyone is interested and wants to make that happen PM me. (It would be so awesome if this could be Bitcoin Barron pt 2 and dropped at Defcon this year!)
Otherwise it will stay as a personal dubplate, which would be a shame to be honest; also, I'm not great at editing so the track could use improvements if any one produces, but is solid as is if need be.. Also its lossy quality (320), but that is because he opensourced it and that's the only quality that exists.   
Its kind of crazy to think Crypto-Rappers (nerdcore?) has better production quality and tracks than mainstream stuff. 
'We don't fuck with Bitconnect, that's that Bernie Madoff, SUCKA!' is fucking fire. 
@_date: 2018-01-29 18:10:50
A Lamborghini, especially on the street, is the stupidest thing to drive if you've ever had track time in one or with one; especially considering most people behind the wheel are incompetent drivers unable to control (let alone use correctly) even 1/4 of the hp they have.
shrug, I have both race cars and race bikes I'm not interested in putting them on the street ever again for a reason; on the road I want a safe, low cost, self driving car.
Model 3, albeit late, will be that car for the masses. Target price for an AP2 enabled Model 3 is 50K? Source?
@_date: 2018-01-30 04:52:33
This is fucking lame, using Human Suffering for self-interest really makes my blood boil... we had something similar happen in Kiev during the Maidan; I hope smart contracts with specific payouts based on roadmaps/goals become the norm with charities. [Why wasn't Randy the 'go to guy' he was doing this since 2016?!]( I was spamming his name in the latest rounds of giveaways, who the fuck is this guy anyway?
I know this subreddit is mainly unfounded vitriol of the worst kind when it comes to generosity, I mean how the fuck did something like Pineapple fund get negativity will be beyond my comprehension. 
This should really give us pause considering this was the same place where Sean's Outpost, Satoshi's Forest etc... came from. 
@_date: 2018-01-29 18:15:17
They're pretty affordable and accessible in the US now, I've always been a fan of the sedans growing up watching Option2 vids (RB25 GTS-t can be just as fast as a GTR if you need it to be) and [they have aged well.](
@_date: 2018-01-31 06:35:50
Yes, please; I'd like to see one on both Linux and Windows Distro (I'd like to share it at a local meetup) so we can scale this out even further. Could you also go into Payment channel setup as well?
Thanks, dude!
@_date: 2018-01-30 04:59:10


All I found was this,  
&amp; 
(Out of Miami)
Looks like a paywalled course, why do this instead of a free MOOC from any number Ivy League Universities, dl Andrea's book and do a coupe of pull requests on Github? 
Kind of (a pathetic) gimmicky to try and charge for what is essentially FOSS. 
OP, I'm not speaking down to your project, still haven't looked at it, actually; but for clairty is this what you were referring to in your post?
@_date: 2018-01-28 04:40:03
Pffft, how absurd; Adam, Hal and Phil Zimmermann are the quintessential Cypher punks. If you wan to get really wild, Greg Maxwell and Julian Assange are in the mix... or maybe Amir? 
Either way, you got a skewed perception of who built this tech. 
@_date: 2018-01-24 20:58:24
'Crypto kids...' while I personally like the moniker, especially amongst the others we're called by legacy institutions and media alike this is actually a fun one, someone should point him to Tim May, Wei Dai, Nick Szabo, Hal Finney, Adam Back, Eric Hughes and John Gilmore etc... 
You know those Cypherpunks/Crypto-anarchists guys who were around and building the precursor platforms of crypto back in the 90s Internet (which he seems to think was so long ago) and have probably been developing/coding longer than he's been alive. 
@_date: 2019-07-08 15:02:26
I need to up to date on schnorr, thanks for doing this!
@_date: 2019-07-08 15:01:35










  
No, you're thinking of Bradley Manning, who is now Chelsea Manning. And how the hell do you confuse her with Edward Snowden? 
I usually don't care enough to correct people about this, but if Freedom Fighters like Manning don't recognized around here, then the general public stands no chance.
@_date: 2018-09-17 09:48:02
Seriously. 
@_date: 2018-09-02 21:05:27


Except they already do if they accept CC, most who have never had experience with merchant payment processing don't understand the mechanics and subsequent nightmare(s) it all really is; its kind of why I sympathize with places that require a spend requirement on using CC. Or just flat out refuse. 
You often have to wait 30-60 days, and often as late as 90 days, before Visa/MC clears the transaction, the latter if you are considered high risk due to high chargeback rates. God help you if you mainly deal with Paypal as a middleman. 
So, by extension, waiting for a 10 min new block time is well... convenient to say the least to most. The bigger issue, and will likely remain regardless until we have an entirely closed ecosystem, is the fiat off-ramp. 
@_date: 2018-09-17 09:59:56
The American Century was the most brazen, hegemonic empire to date; no other Nation has occupied more foreign land in its existence, not even Rome if you adjust for known land mass has had more than the US. Not even Britain in her height can compare, and now even it is under the yoke of the US.
You can certainly exacerbate the demise of an Empire by over-extending it. The idea that we lets these insane idiots continue with this farce is the really terrifying part, seeing as how they want to develop a 'Space Force.' Apparently they're not content with blowing up enough things/people here on Earth they have to do it in Space, too!
@_date: 2018-09-10 22:02:41
Ahh... fuck...
@_date: 2018-09-16 10:10:33
Sure, use Craigslist and advertise for fiat but mark that you'll accept BTC and offer a small discount (3-5%?) for the car in the description and cover all bases. Chances are low you'll get anything in BTC, but you never know.
I put one of mine on sale there, and just put it in the ad description with details of the discount; I got nothing but tire kickers with fiat offers, the balls on these guys to ask for a carfax on a $1100 car! I worked in the auto industry, too, which made it ever harder to swallow how pathetic people were behaving toward such a low price car. I ended up selling to a local friend-of-friend deal for fiat to help him get his life back in order. 
I mainly cycle to work and around town these days, so if you can do without it, its not a bad idea to get rid of it.
@_date: 2018-09-15 21:25:14
Ahh, this never gets old. My favorite is the [guy mining in his Model S using Tesla's Supercharger network]( Awesome hack that still makes me smile to this day. 
The best one were those Russian Scientists, though: 
The fact that people will risk likely jail time or at least severe punishment if caught, shows we hit the big leagues now. Its a horrible gauge, but think about the implications of just the 2 above. A model S is 60k+ car, those scientists probably spent a good portion of their lives studying to get access/clearance needed to pull that off, greed will make anyone do stupid things, but still. Incentivizing people to act in a greedy manner, while morbid in its own way, should be seen as a metric of not a benchmark for success. Next stop is seeing those idiots who wait outside for a new phone/video game to line up for some BTC related thing. 
@_date: 2018-09-04 02:38:08
I spent way too much on that when it first launched, never replaced my crypto, either as I was burning way too much fiat at the time. It would have been more if they let me buy used books, too! 
I think I bought a kettle for what was the equivalent of 700 at one point after the rally to 20k. I just don't want to know.
@_date: 2018-09-15 22:18:21
Food supply/Food Safety, maybe you forgot the bloat we saw back in DEC. Imagine having to pay $25 for every tx when the IoT enabled tracking device is tracking its GPS coordinates/Temp/humidity/elevation etc... for tons of cargo on a single plane/boat every hour using BTC. Do you have any idea what this would do to the cost of food? (This is Ambrosus and one of IBM's Hyperledger aims, btw.)
Food is the largest, and arguably the most important, Industry in the Global Economy; second only to Forex, and that is only because it includes Ag/Food Supply chain. 
Listen, I'm sure you are still at the nascent 'Bitcoin will solve everything' phase of your journey, so I'll take that into consideration. But, the Truth is: Bitcoin is a means, not an end. 
Private blockchains can be useful, albeit limited in scope. 
@_date: 2018-09-04 05:27:47
Cool, keep them; we will keep on disrupting your business models/platforms with FOSS, thanks!
@_date: 2018-09-17 05:53:31
That they're futile, and will inevitably suffer from the same issues as tangible fiat currencies, in that they will change the rules when they feel like it. 
Crypto, BTC specifically, is already a Stateless currency, and a successful one at that as it takes ~$6500 USD to buy 1 BTC where only 8-9 years ago it had no value at all. That's remarkable! I'll stick to my nerd money, thanks!
Even a non-fiat (State issued by resource based) crypto is pointless: See:Venzuela's Petro.  
I no longer want to think in terms of nation-states anymore, it is detrimental to the Human psyche in the 21st Century; its an absurd archaic notion--comparable to dragons or witches--that is antithetical to progress if we want to achieve being a successful multi-planetary species. Which for me is a necessary goal.
@_date: 2018-09-13 08:18:01
7 mins in: Craig Wright's cameo notwithstanding, its a decent intro for the uninitiated so far. No drugs and kiddie porn FUD, and mainly focused on the entrepreneurial nature as well as the distributed properties of the Network. 
@_date: 2018-09-02 11:00:37


Govcoin will be its own thing, someone recently went to one of the Federal Reserve committee hearing things and they presented their arguements for crypto and 'Blockchain' and why it should be embraced. 
What they left with is that Bitcoin must be regulated to death so it may allow for a Govcoin to have any chance. My conclusion: When this occurs it will have less utility and less value than Bcash and Doge respectively. 
@_date: 2018-09-16 10:53:09
Oh, damn, this just got spicy as fuck. 
Bcash dump incoming when these things finally pay out, Bitmain and Wu are so fucked. I wish I could be more mature about this, I really do; but I have not wanted somone's demise more than those two imbeciles for what they have caused. 
25% in btc is still better than fiat, sorry to hear about the losses, but this is why Bitsquare is the future of Bitcoin trading platforms. Has magicaltux (Mark) still committed to fore-fitting his portion like he said he would in that post a few months back?
@_date: 2018-09-16 09:57:28
Yeah, Kraken and the Japanese government were supposed to broker a deal in which they get paid the fiat equivalent of the amount they held price out when Gox went down, last I recall. 
What a horrible deal, and further proof BTC doesn't need government to 'legitimize' anything. BTC-e paid their customers after being taken over by the State despite being a 'shady' exchange run by anons in Easter Europe/Russia. 
They also liquidated at the highs in large amounts several times, according to Jesse from Kraken, which caused some dips so they likely have plenty of fiat.
He said he advised them not to do that and consider doing it OTC, right? 
Anyhow, I'd welcome a sub 4k price right now, actually, so bring it on I got fiat to burn right now. 
Also, I doubt the bcash argument holds; you needed to have the private keys to coins held prior to the block height before the fork, Mt. Gox was all off chain, so the individual owners are not able to claim it. Would the Japanese government position themselves to take advantage (sell/trade) of that without the actual coin owners' consent would be an interesting theory, though. Imagine if its the Japanese government (at the behest of NGO) that kills bcash on a massive sell-off, that'd really be hysterical and an awesome foot-note in the annals of Bitcoin History. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 10:26:10


I don't do social media so I'm glad to see you post here as I wouldn't have the ability to do so; the fact that you're cognizant of the immense difficulty of this pursuit is indicative that 'you are doing it right.' Mistakes will be made along the way, but they're just learning experiences with tangible consequences that ultimately help expedite the learning process. 
I personally look forward to seeing your progress when you come back online. 
@_date: 2018-09-21 23:36:34
Rad, dude, you should reach out to I hate to say it, and I really hope we can learn from the mistakes of others, but I think economic collapse is what it will take for most to realize the importance of de-coupling the food supply from fiat and the State as a whole. 
This goes for all subsidies and all other State imposed mandates, as well; food being used as a weapon of compliance (read: Earl Butz) is perhaps the most deadly, second only to maybe denying water or air. 
@_date: 2018-09-16 10:59:41
In the Pacific, and ground zero for tons of nuclear fall out during the Nuclear testing post WWII by the US. 
These guys got truly fucked, they destoyed 3 islands with on Hydrogen bomb: 
@_date: 2017-12-01 09:57:20
Good on you this is like a throwback to the early days.
Many good suggestions have been made thus far, so I only have two: 
Randy has been promoting BTC awareness and education along with providing medical and food relief through his site as the ongoing turmoil persists in Venezuela. 
Alexandra and her project Sci-hub have been the leading force in opening up scientific journal access to any and all who seek it. Ideally we will soon have an open access approach to scientific studies and literature for the betterment of Humanity, rather than have it as a pay-walled stream of revenue for rent-seekers; a notion once thought to be impossible and severely punished for anyone who acted otherwise. (RIP Aaron Swartz.)
@_date: 2018-09-02 22:22:43
Sobering, and well written; I've been saying we entered some stark Neo-Japanese Post bubble era (lost generations) since late 2007, and what strikes more fear in me than the Global asset bubble deflating and debt collapse is the total destruction of the Global Supply Chains (specifically food) that rely on this severely broken model. 
I'm not entirely convinced Boomers don't make up a significant percentage of the community now, every-time I went to a meetup there were plenty of them in the crowd, hell, I did a workshop with one! 
Either way, I don't think relishing the inevitable collapse of the stock market is desired, let alone a good use of one's time; instead the only the that has alleviated (some, not all) the turmoil I've felt for 11 years is knowing I actually did something.
If it brings home prices and commodities back to sane and sustainable levels, I'm all for it. Humanity cannot sustain this kind of reckless, devil may care attitude toward the environmental cost(s) Boomer lifestyles have imposed up on the Earth. The good thing is with things like crypto we can create business models not previously possible to correct these environmental disasters and ensure some corrections occur over time and create viable employment for generations. The social problems, as obvious as they appear, require a much more severe analysis and solution.     
@_date: 2018-09-10 08:54:21
If you buy/sell will the end up sending you a 1099 like Coinbase does to report taxes? I've played with it but have been super apprehensive after the whole Coinbase IRS fiasco. 
I already got audited once, even though I'm a holder, and its not fun.  
@_date: 2018-09-05 09:20:14
What, Obon to Summer is as critical as Hanabi is to Spring, just don't stay in Roppongi/Shibuya proper and go to the outskirts. Tons of Airbnb possibilities with that much lead-time, besides, why stay in Tokyo the entire time. Kansai is cool,as is Kyushu, too. Hokkaido is awesome, and Okinawa is a must, too. Entirely different culture, marred by US Imperialism, but still awesome people. 
This place looks sweet, yakitori around the corner, bakery and train station nearby, too: 
And, yeah, for all the Japan loves BTC talk, the reality is Japanese fintech is still in the 80s, they still use fax machines for documents. And that little rubber stamp thing (red seal) they have for bank stuff is such a throw back to ancient days of Rome, and if its really used today that I can't bring myself to see how this will change until the boomer generation onward are long dead. 
@_date: 2018-09-28 23:24:23
Granted, its currently semi-centralized due to the limits/escrow process, but as I said with time and several iterations it will be able to take CoNBase's market share. 
The issue with strict p2p in the US is that the State has arbitrarily gone after buyers and sellers and what are nebulous charges, which has quelled much of that; in fact that is how I normally used to buy, I just went to a meetup, talked to people and made a trade there in then in cash, but I fear that those days are over. 
Luckily I have other avenues to buy, but most don't, and this is what is hindering progress; I still think ATMs offer such a horrible UX that anyone not doing this out of sheer novelty would question why this is even worth it. Luckily things like Square/Cash App are filling a void, despite KYC/AML limitations. 
The rest of the World is far more advanced in this regard, Switzerland in particular, so while I'm a massive proponent of doing face to face purchases for fiat-crypto I think the risk has gotten too high for most to accept, so a trust-less technological compromise is what I see as the only viable option in the US.  
@_date: 2018-09-15 20:59:30


I did the same, aligned myself with someone who would cover my expenses provided I had the motivation to do it.
Perhaps this irks me because I've been in this/seen this since this was a nothing project for the most part, and I benefited greatly from its free and easily accessible nature, most now see an 'established project.' I sometimes forget people will try to monetize any avenue possible when available so this is just following suit. I feel conflicted about that the most, as I do with people paying idiots like Tone Vays at conferences that discuss TA, but... I guess people are free to spend there money however they wish.
But doesn't that put it into the coder bootcamp cost at that level, is it the perceived prestige of saying you got it at MIT's course what they're buying? Which to date haven't really done much after all the media hype of them getting on board; odd considering they did the first air-drop to students at one of the most hacker-friendly universities in the World. They also hosted those events a while back but that's it. I did a Clim Co-lab project there and never considered to put that on my CV, though I have mentioned it during my presentations in the past. 
Not sure anyone but me and James D'Angelo from the BTC community have been in the finals, yet I don't think 99% of the World (or BTC nerds for that matter) cares about that to be honest.
@_date: 2018-09-17 05:42:40
Well, I suppose that business model could sustain itself, but $3500 is an obscene amount of money for what will amount to most people realizing a blockchian isn't useful for their business. Then again, corps are always spending money on the most useless things, so I may be looking at this as a former founder of a lean startup and can't shake that perspective. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 21:44:31
This is so amazing, thank you for doing this; I'd like to re-post something that I have been thinking more about lately since the Andreas thing happened, it seems to me your actions are exactly what I was referring to: 


Here are my suggestions, and I now included 2 more that I have worked directly with as well, who do not currently take BTC, but I would gladly bring them up to speed to make it happen as that sum would really help them out:
 
@_date: 2018-09-27 12:57:49


Makes sense, use locally sourced meat rather than have to cover the costs of using beef, typically from elsewhere (Australia probably) all while profiting from the 'local' branding. Its just good economics, really.
I should think most multi-nationals would be thinking in these terms, but... I've had actual discussion with people who get upset that they don't get what 'they serve in the US' when it comes to this garbage. Even when the local stuff is better, or healthier. I'm still perplexed by those conversations.
The reasoning of this is all wrong, of course, but it seems what they're really buying when they go to these places is vicarious assimilation into US 'culture,' often what is portrayed in movies/TV; but, with that being said I had fast food for the first time in \~9 years at an airport and I have been nauseas for several days and feeling like utter crap.
I don't know how anyone can survive living on this stuff. 
@_date: 2018-09-04 02:49:49
Here we go, Russia was doing this for tech startups after the financial crisis near China, so called 'Special economic zones' to spur on innovation and trade relationships. 
This is how we will be able to a way cooler iteration of Kowloon City pretty soon if we're lucky. 
Prototyping Anarchist civilizations in these spots makes the most sense, sea-steding sucks, I want to just be left out the State's realm of financial tyranny and live amongst like minded individuals but still have access to the modern comforts afforded to me by civilization.   
@_date: 2017-12-08 10:08:15
Don't mind these guys, they seem to be intent on taking out all the pleasure from this place when (in the rare occurrence these days) anyone wants to do something charitable with their funds.
Focusing on the positivity your actions have on those you have helped and those who decided to help achieve that end is a much greater use of your time and a better way to dedicate your resources and efforts. 
@_date: 2018-09-10 22:30:48
Are we?
I'd say its people hyperfocused on price and pointless drama that is a bigger concern and we have lost focus on being anti-bank.
And 'All of you' would have been suitable to make your point, by the way. But, yes, the English diction is limited to speak in collectives; ironically UK English often speaks in collectives, which I'm prone to using.
@_date: 2018-09-13 21:29:49
Ahahahaha!!! 
@_date: 2018-09-03 05:19:28


No, I think that is real, [check out the projections for System D and think of the potential we have to on-board what may be as much as 2/3 of all of Humanity into a Global Economy]( add that to things like Mars colonization, mass automation, asteroid mining and planetary interconnectivity through things like SpaceX's constellation project and the amount of prosperity before Humanity is worthy cause of propelling enough of People to keep putting our heads down and getting it right this time.
AA was right to expound on that point, this isn't just a talking point used for self-serving ends (forks and centralization) like Ver's coffee non-sense. 
I'm honestly wondering when we will launch our own version of a Crypto-Anarchist Burning Man in real life, just to test all these things out; ideally not in a desert, I guess porcfest kind of counts, but there are too many closest Staists (Libertarians) in those crowds to feel like we'd get much more out of it than we've already seen. New Hampshire does sound like a good spot to do it, though, sometime in the Fall or early Winter. 
@_date: 2015-12-06 05:48:04
Ok, that's pushing it; I haven't visited Wikipedia since [I found out about the Israeli/Zionist psyop (Hasbara) on there... so 2011?](
Which is why I associate anything 'wiki' with Wikileaks. 
@_date: 2018-09-15 21:11:48


That's a pretty stupid statement; some projects don't require the security and decentralization of BTC to achieve their ends, thus a coin and a distributed hashing network and node system isn't entirely necessary. There are use cases for that.
It may be boring by comparison to what we've been doing in BTC and Crypto as a whole for that matter, but it has value, how much is subjective of course. But enterprise level stuff has its uses.
I'm not entirely sure who the targeted demographic for this course is, but if given the right tools maybe they can create something we've yet to see with this tech? 
@_date: 2018-09-12 20:41:21
A used GTR for 60k will still destroy your bitch-shifting Gallardo in every conceivable manner. 
That being said, as a Nissan fan boy, I'll take a nice comfy Toyota for the street.
@_date: 2018-09-04 05:21:58
Honestly, I always wondered what kind of person fell for this kind of stuff, those late night informercials weren't made because people were too 'smart' to see past them, so they must exist. 
Then I started going to meetups in the US where the average age started to creep up the 40s after having been mainly around mostly 20 somethings and people were openly talking about getting involved in ponzi schemes promising to double their crypto and how it was all going so well until they pulled an exit scam. I find it remarkable (mainly just how primitive the Human brain can be even now by a sense of greed) how easy it is for people to delude themselves thinking this makes sense. 
Then the ICO bubble happened and I saw it all again. I'm still incapable of fully fathoming how apt the Human mind is to rationalization anything/everything: its really scary, actually. 
I gambled with crypto to make things like sports interesting, knowing I could lose $2-5 of it folded, but what makes that different was that I got the experience of watching NHL playoffs with may more excitement than I would have and I actually won a few times.  
@_date: 2018-09-16 11:07:14
If by 'raise funds,' you mean monetarily intervene after a series of market manipulations and causing total economic disrepute via political instability in order to liquidate that countries assets and natural resources; then wash and repeat all over the developed World? Then, yes. That's exactly what the IMF does. 
Consider watching and reading the book and presentations by Perkins on [Confessions of an Economic Hit Man]( People focus on the Federal reserve, as they should, but the IMF and The Bank for International Settlements are organizations that have caused untold amounts of misery.  
@_date: 2018-09-02 21:10:33


You do realize that's Joerg, the owner of  Room77, right?
@_date: 2018-09-10 20:42:14
Nopara, you're doing amazing work, dude! 
@_date: 2018-09-10 08:50:39
@_date: 2018-09-15 21:31:35
This the [Victor Boot]( of crypto, this needs to be made into a movie.
@_date: 2017-12-24 15:21:22
Nice one, I said back in 2011 that when we saw a BTC Livery in Gumball we would draw the attention of the Youtube Car Vlogger crowds. 
Funny enough, the Lambo, Teslas and such bought with BTC showed up before that. 
My recommendation: Dorian's 'Nope' pic and fiat symbols would be mint, and maybe an homage to Hal Finney somewhere? The 2018 Rally will fall around the 4th year since he passed/was cryo'd. 
We should have LN by then so maybe a QR to get donations when you post after every check point or something like that to gamify the experience?
I don't usually follow social media people, but I would totally do it for your run; have a blast and try to not get too many fines. 
@_date: 2018-09-04 01:07:14
Honestly, this is why i don't think a Visa and MC will never really go away anytime soon, the US is too spend heavy and CC are just the norm.
As ubiquitous as Apple and Android phones and Apple watches are no one really picked up on tap-pay as anticipated in its various forms despite so many POS upgrades. Ingenico and Vodafone one make shit products, but they work 70% of the time, so they're good enough.
There is something ingrained in the US psyche with swiping a card to pay for stuff. In my experience its the only way to get people entice people to see utility in crypto was to have a CC equivalent UX. Its so odd how ADP will push that shit even if you have a bank account and job, social programs were mainly deployed by JP Morgan/Chase to do the same for over a decade, Walmart has done the same for the unbanked for ages!
CC aren't as common outside of North America, though, in the EU you have a pretty mixed bag from my anecdotal experience: In Germany no one uses them, In N. Italy cash was mainly used too, Croatia is wonky as hell, they have it for tourists, but so many places refuse to accept them same with other places with lots of tourism etc...


In theory, yes, in practice, the aforementioned muddies the waters so much. I honestly think using the most secure Network devised by Man is an overkill for day-day stuff on chain, now with an app that uses LN as Joerg alluded that will be the straw the breaks the proverbial camel's back in terms of scaling and in ease of use, the next big leap is on-boarding people, that is going to be tougher. But we will get there, will it be for everyone of course not, but that doesn't matter, Apple and Android co-exist as do a myriad of other competitors; this isn't winner takes all, nor should it be, really. 90 year old Granny in Boca Raton isn't going to give a fuck about 'Blowstamps' unless her dirty neckbeard grandson tells her to do it, and even then she probably lost interest in Money a long time ago and gets by with auto payments setup by the head of the Family. That likely won't change. (Crazy story about Sweeden's elderly dying for months and no one noticing because Autogiro since you mentioned Sweden.)
Anecdotal: I was just at a boba spot this weekend next door from a restaurant I ate at after my meal, where I tried paying with CC, my Amex in particular: they have a $15 min charge. I had cash in the car but going back into the parking lot and back was too much of a hassle as it was an unnecessary splurge and thought it wasn't worth it as it was just unwanted sugar; the owner/manager waved me over and said he'd take visa as I was walking out the door, but it had $7 limit, so I have to double my order. I shrugged and did as I thought why not. (The 2 drinks were way too sweet, btw.) I thought about it as I was resumed my conversation with my company, but in my head I was thinking, this guy must be paying out the ass for chargebacks and payment delays if you need $15 for Amex.
To be honest this is much more a social problem than it is a technological one at this point, primarily the limitations of a consumer based economy, but suffice it to say, we're not doing anyone any favors letting Visa or MC have the market-share that they have.
No one productive in the equation wins, not the producer or the consumer, just the needless middleman.
@_date: 2018-09-01 10:48:38


Many of us have been saying that, especially since after Gavin tried this shit back with XT and Classic et al...
It doesn't take a public figure to realize that privacy is paramount.  
@_date: 2018-09-28 09:10:24
She did a good job covering all aspects of LN, and the advents and innovation that have since come this year; it was super cool to see it come this far in such a short period of time.
Also, she has gotten a lot better at pacing herself when speaking; I struggled with this as well, especially when sleep deprived which is always the case before an event/conference, and it requires a day-day dedication to practice and maintain that effort as you'll fall back on your 'default' setting.
The watchtower idea seems intriguing, albeit hard to envisage how/when it will be implemented with the details given, sounds really cool though, as crypto has placed an emphasis on Nash's Game Theory by rewarding 'playing fair.'
@_date: 2018-09-19 11:14:33
I'd like to see the guy who has a concentration in Doge, or Panda or some other pointless alt be taken serious when he fills out his job application or at the dinner table on his Summers back at his--because we know it'll be a guy-- parent's house.
However, as a person that is nearly entirely averse to 90% of most degrees in academia: I'd like to see a real thorough analysis done and perhaps even see someone do a thesis on what occurred with Aurora and see if they could reboot it.
UBI is inevitable; ideally we have the good sense to be able to do so with crypto(s) and expedite the demise of the Nation-State with a well executed community based version of UBI. The question is: how?
@_date: 2018-09-04 02:49:34
Puts on tin-foil hat: That's it, that's who funded all these LN hackathons, the coke cartels of Columbia! They're going to make another Miami pretty soon, too. 
@_date: 2018-09-14 00:34:31


Its Wavecrest Holdings all over again, people are going to build around this and then when the time is right they will pull it again. 
As a person who did just that, we really need to pivot away from Visa and MC at all costs. This means more merchant adoption via LN channels, there is far more viability in that longterm than relying on Visa or MC to not shut it down (which they will).
@_date: 2018-09-27 14:47:20
Who are these 'leaders,' and why do they need further regulation to fulfill their goals? Because the article is vague, and alludes to 80 people or corps?
The only quote was from someone from legal at Coinbase, to whom I say: your days are numbered, anyway, wherever you relocate to.
@_date: 2018-09-14 00:36:55


:/ 
I guess it will have to do, for now anyway. 
@_date: 2018-09-14 21:15:31
Listen, people creating OC is fine and all, but: Who the fuck are any of these people? I was 3 mins and no sign of Charlie Lee, the only guy I recognized on that list. 
@_date: 2018-09-13 21:19:49
[blockchain.info]( has switched to .com? How odd...
Cool that they want to let a bitcoiner into their space and give a talk; I figured most wouldn't want a guy who is into the the tech that is set out to ruin their archaic, ruinous business model anywhere near them.
That's what they loaded your speaking fee on to? 
@_date: 2018-09-16 01:07:24
This does explain all of that incest porn trending as of late; pornhub's analytics is really interesting and apparently algos based on searches are used to make the 'themed' stuff and hire the girls to do it, and here I thought it was just that Rick-Morty meme gag... Yeesh, this shit is getting out of hand. 
BTW: I forgot how attractive Mariah Carey was in the 90s, she just looks like a washed out has-been porn chick now. 
@_date: 2018-09-18 10:47:13
Did you not hear about BTC-e seizure?
The US doesn't care about national sovereignty when it comes to its petro-dollar dominance or cutting into its drug racket. The fact that they never gave adequate reasoning for how they stole the SR servers in Iceland, yet managed to give Ross multiple Life sentences is just another indication to what extent they'll go. 
TLDR: Also, this wasn't Variety Jones, right? He got pinched in Thailand and was sitting in a cell and was thought to be a Canadian; this was another guy who hung himself, right?
@_date: 2018-09-02 21:00:15


Its been a thing since 2016, I used Shakeay, and will tell you right now: that 'use-case' was never real, BTC was not meant for that. It was pointless, and mainly an exhibition if it could eventually be able to do what they just did after several iterations. Just like Starblocks after that; its a pointless milestone, meme really, that has unfortunately been around for too long. 
@_date: 2015-12-28 06:21:11
Actually, and I remember her doing this back then, she was very fluid in conversation on the follow up interviews as she was paraded around the media circus. 
Its more like her and her father would talk about these issues, and she got to the point of being comfortable exploring the ideas enough amongst other people.
I have seen it many times before, seldom with these kind of results and more along the religious zealotry you expect from people in any cult. 
Good on her, what is she doing these days? Any cool projects she's been involved in? She sounds like a person who would have been the poster child for the Free-State project or Porcfest, encouraging others to educate the next generation from a young age instead of filling their heads with the pointless and aimless daily chronicles of some tawdry pop-star's dysfunctional life in Hollywood. 
[Follow up at Domincan University of California (?) in 2013 on Global Poverty caused by Banks](
@_date: 2018-09-28 08:24:41


So we render them obsolete with BSQ, and slowly take their market cap piece-by-piece then. Either way, centralized exchanges are one of the biggest central points of failure in this ecosystem and must be done away with, at least in size. Mom and pop still need an on-ramp, I agree; but for them to (still) have this much power/sway is beyond comprehension or sanity in 2018. (Fuck, I just felt really odd saying that...)
Have we not learned after the last Goxxing how these things always end. 
@_date: 2018-09-18 21:00:21
Yes... your agony fills me with a great sense of pleasure, Wu.


I just hope this acts as a deterrent for others who think that: hash rate = dominance. 
I'm not averse to forks, I'm a huge advocate of them in that they can highlight what a project is lacking or has strayed from serving, but it was the blatant hi-jacking and the nefarious tactics those 2 imbeciles used that speaks for me now. 
Let that be a lesson to all who see this: Go ahead, create your own fork, but stop trying to deceive people in your pursuit for short-term gains. Its not worth it, these guys had not only majority hash rate on the network, they had absolute control of mining market-share. They spammed the network, lied, and tried every conceivable tactic and they still failed. 
@_date: 2018-09-10 22:33:55
With way more Latin than German. Its really odd, given how pervasive it has become; its the closet thing we have to a de-facto Global language.
Cornish pre-dates English, doesn't? That's what I gathered as I lived there and while difficult to get their accent at first, its rather interesting how melodic it is.
@_date: 2018-09-13 21:24:04
I was waiting for a 3d printer nerd to chime in; it does look very crude, got any examples a polished version? I need to update my business card and figured if I can just have something like that so others can scan the qr code I can stop having to order dead tree versions.
@_date: 2018-09-01 10:37:17
Honest question if this all applies to you: why bother?
I'm not in the habit of doing something that merely perpetuates the same paradigm, so I don't understand, is it the novelty? 
If I had guess, you almost seem enitrely convinced this is ok, too?
Money laundering or any such activity is pointless in crypto, DEA and FBI have gone on record to say conducting 'crimes' on a blockchain makes their work so much easier. 
Suffice it to say, money laundering is, and will always remain, a fiat game: plain and simple. 




Winston Churchill
@_date: 2015-12-04 19:38:43


I'd argue it cannot be saved, I recall having conversations when I was there that suggested that even at the peak of the empire GB couldn't survive without the imports from the colonies for its day-day lively hood, and [with  trade deficits like this]( it seems clear to me that there line of reasoning was true. (Which was true of Rome as well.)
The financialization of their entire economy put their economy at risk for short term gains, the GBP being where it is suggests to me this more of  Libor-Forex level scam that is trying it hardest to keep afloat a decayed empire and atrophied society.
Which sucks, because I know some really good people who happen to be Brits and they don't deserve that.  
@_date: 2015-12-28 03:24:04
Cloudbet was cool, then sucked due to tx delays both in-out, but then recently one came up and I reviewed it and they reinstated the instant tx feature.
Someone recently mentioned that they couldn't release there funds, and I haven't used it much since they put the instant tx feature back. If you can wait, I'll likely use it again for all the College Bowl games around NYE.
@_date: 2018-09-10 08:50:31
Good guy Johoe, first he helps the clusterfuck with [blockchain.info]( , helped monitor mempool and now he is on Layer 2 LN stuff. 
@_date: 2018-09-12 20:38:30


Believe it or not the new Maxima's can be as high as 55-60k for the SR, this isn't one, but a Platinum but still they're pretty expensive for what it is: a bland looking Audi-GM thing with perhaps one of the worst engineering designs for Nissan I have ever seen. Its seriously a pita to work on, much like its German counter parts (Audi/BMW/Mercedes) now. 
How they resurrected the 4DSC badge for this monstrosity is beyond me, the 2002 SE 6 SPD was the last true 4DSC, it was bulky but Maximas always were, and it was a riot to drive for a FWD with the 3.5 V6.
Sadly, Nissan is turning its ICE stuff into this, it could be the Renault partnership or it could be a strategy to move all resources to EV by killing off all non-vital chassis sales/development, who knows... but Carlos Ghosn is a cunt. 
I'll be dismayed but not surprised if Nissan goes bankrupt again. So much for the Japanese version of BMW that it one was. Now only the Z and GTR are the only throwbacks to Nissans true heritage, all the lower tier cars are just Renault clones. 
@_date: 2018-09-16 00:42:14


Just the fact that you can't see that such a thing must operate as a settlement network/clearinghouse across many currencies alone on top of a robust security (ideally trust-less, but not entirely necessary) protocol is proof enough you have no idea of what you're taking about in regards to something this large with so many variables. 
I needn't engage any further, you're not relevant to this discussion, you're merely focused on the (glib) feasible technological applications and not the actual implementation of a real-world use-case---much less have any relevant experience doing so. (Moreover, this is something I have been almost obsessed about for nearly a decade and have done supply chain/logistics for everything from small farms to multi-national corps.)
This isn't about alt-coins this about applications for private blockchains the two are not exclusive, hyperledger operates without one, but your diatribe is as useless as your reading comprehension skills are as you would have realized that in my initial response were you capable of actually seeing the relevant points of my argument.
Just stop, you're not doing yourself any favours here; go back to commenting on Roger Ver's debates, its a better use of your time. 
@_date: 2018-09-13 21:32:50
Is that the one with that Boring chick who used to be on RT that clearly didn't know what the hell she was talking about at one of her talks in DC?
If so, I hope she kreeps misinforming those prostitutes about what the tech was capable back in 2013 while we keep innovating away, LN deployment is shaping out nicely, next stop: Bulletproof.
@_date: 2015-12-17 03:40:33
The food actually tastes of something? The price not withstanding, which can be overcome using Purse.io, they tend to have the most variety of produce and products that actually taste good. And while I prefer smaller privately owned shops over big box types like WF or TJ: still progress is progress. Smaller shops give way better prices both to the growers and consumers in my experience. 
A lot of it is image, and I'm in a very minute part of the reason why it is that way today, but if given the choice (and I've done this plenty of times) most consumers (9/10) will tend to go for the organically grown product than the conventional stuff when given the choice blind on taste alone.
Price, and appearance are often the biggest impairments from my active market research--which spans several countries and continents. But when neither of those are a factor, prepared or cut, the observations are overwhelmingly one-sided when the criteria is taste alone.
Its not that food is over-priced at all, if anything its overwhelmingly under-priced due to myriad of subsidies and government intervention in labour markets and welfare allotements for said workers that alter the natural price-discovery mechanism of the Market. 
Let me put it this way, even in the height of summer, a tomato doesn't cost $0.99/lbs, the inputs require far more than the price reflects. (Conventional or organic for that matter.)
@_date: 2015-12-29 10:11:45
The truth? The entire World's legal system is driven to legalize a fascist-corporate enabling environment?
@_date: 2015-12-06 04:24:25
Simple, but elegant, how much more development would be needed to flesh out a checkout/cart system from scratch in Wordpress?
@_date: 2015-12-15 02:02:15
Yet. 
And that should always be remembered, every exchange that has ever gone down was always in the position to say that it hadn't 'happen yet.' Until it did.


Read the above. 
Either way, Coinbase are training wheels, at best; are you going to limit yourself forever?
@_date: 2018-09-10 22:00:59
Agreed, what's even harder than that is this behaviour is being normalized (much like TSA gate rapings with travel amongst the Youth, they don't know any better): tracked,monitored and self-reported spending will likely affect her much more than she thinks with Sesame Credits and the implications of its ratings on Her and her relatives/friends life.
I can already see some data guy being pinged in an Orwellian Ministry Of Health scanning over the data:
'Oh, so you like sweets, huh? Prone to Type II diabetes and your premiums just went up 22%, now your employer will have to seek new candidates for your position, citizen.'
@_date: 2018-09-02 20:56:06
Will look into this later, but this is exactly why I was never worried about scaling; its been less than a year since LN has been online, mostly as a testnet, and we already got this in the pipeline.


I felt the same, I remember seeing how fast LN nodes sprang up around February this year and felt we were on to something big. 
Now we need to focus on security with things like Bulletproof and Zerolink compliance being built into layer 1 protocol. 
@_date: 2018-09-16 11:10:26
They already did, it was ground zero for tons of nuclear bomb tests--they destroyed entire Islands, they don't exist anymore! 
Check my links in the response above, its such a tragedy... 
@_date: 2017-12-07 05:25:52
Wren totally deserves that extra boost for all his efforts, and good on JR for doing that as he could have kept it and no one would have blamed him for it. I think we're now entering a level of prosperity for those who always believed that people making this level of positive change in the World should be able to focus and dedicate their resources to that end without having to worry about fund raising or crowd sourcing if at all possible. 
Which leads me to speculate on what a non Nation-State based level of UBI would look like, which can possibly lead to what I always felt was a true goal for Crypto: Decentralized Autonomous Communities focused on solving challenges like those taken on by Wren but at a much larger scale. 
Despite all the challenges we face both at the micro and macro level, I can't help but feeling 'what an amazing time to be alive!
@_date: 2015-12-08 19:00:21
Thanks for that update.
@_date: 2015-12-05 20:51:56


Is this what you inferred from my post? Because that is not what I suggested at all, I think things like War Crimes or Crimes against Humanity or the new albeit emotively-charged term *Ecocide* are a perfect example of why I wouldn't agree with this assertion. 
However, what I will say is that given the circumstance and the clearly obfuscated nature of the Silk Road trial, by what grounds can the US pursue a case against VJ? Did he deliberately produce or sell these drugs to US citizens? No, right? He moderated a forum hosted on TOR, and aided in the creation of DPRs to do so, but ultimately cannot specifically tie him to one location for drug trafficking. 
What country's law says specifically 'hosting or moderating a website shall make you culpable or liable for the actions of its users?' Because if that were the case, jail every fucking Forex, Big bank and LIBOR web-host/server owner in the Western World right now! 
FBI/DEA/SEC: Spare no cost and go to every end of the Earth to do so. At least I can smile while they rot in prison for a little while you inflate my fiat's purchasing power away. 
Instead you have crooks like Corzine, an ex US Senator and mayor at the time, pulling off an [MF Global and then buying chateaus and walking in the US with his ill-gotten gains as a free man]( Seriously, this farce is beyond believable anymore.  
@_date: 2015-12-05 22:11:10
Cool, but how is it able to retrieve the location from the sender? The blockchain is able to document propagation, not exact coordinates of an end user, no? 
@_date: 2015-12-30 00:05:39
I don't even know why I care to follow this up as I know she can never undo the countless amount of suffering she has done in this World; my question is why do you believe there is any merit to this person at all? Or is just because she has access to the legacy system/endless-fiat and has found this new toy?
Because in that video she has essentially dismissed Cypherpunk and Crytoanarchy philosophy outright and values her 'education's' view on Central banking as her own 'maximalist' (is that even a word?) ideology. 
What more can you expect from such a person?
I think Bitcoin has succeeded already at what it intended to do, it was never going to be for everyone nor will it; case in point, just look at the Wikileaks and by extension Snowden's exodus affair, Assange (original cypherpunk) made it clear Bitcoin kept it going when all forms of donations were denied to them; what we need are more use cases and Shapeshifter is an amazing one with core values built into it, however, if you think it takes people like this to enter the ecosystem to make Bitcoin 'succeed' I think it is not only delusional its outright harmful. 
These people are sociopaths, if to identify one as such is to 'vilify' them then I think they already won. 
Its like how people think Shrem is some martyr, simply ignoring the fact that he was trying to court the State in hopes of protection; only to be humiliated the way that he was when one of them felt he could make a name for himself. 
@_date: 2015-06-12 08:39:06
Very excited to see this happening, I was calling for early adopters and VCs to help build the infrastructure that is so crucially needed for some time, ~~will your team be able to dedicate themselves entirely to this project now that its funded?~~


Did anyone ever buy that organic noni juice? That stuff reaks!!! But its apparently super healthy for you. 
100 bits
@_date: 2015-12-06 05:30:01
Damn... I need to get some rest; and be less rude. Please excuse my insomniac antics. Sorry.
@_date: 2015-12-29 23:48:24
Simply put: Don't expect anything else from any legal system, regardless of geographical location; none are in place for your needs, rather they merely enforcers for the highest bidder who have shown to give the biggest threats carte blanch. 
Which in this case is not you, but rather Mexican Drug cartels and Banks. 
I mean I still laugh at how JP Morgan took over Washington Mutual and caused the biggest Bankruptcy in US History (at the time and subsequently defrauding tons of depositors and mortgage holders) in the most blatantly illegal manner with little to no recourse, not only that the the FDIC--shown to be insolvent in 2008--made sure it got its cut in all of this. The worst thing is I had been the only one calling it for 6 months as I was a customer and had drained my *pleb status* account(s) long before that happen.  
@_date: 2018-09-18 02:39:03
I still call(ed) it Saigon, too, I got into a discussion about that with a local when we were talking about the movie Bitcoin Heist on here.
Apparently its an age dependent thing. Much like Burma v. Maynmar.
There is another shot of this that posted here a whole back, it looked cyberpunk, and my comment was 'its happening too fast.' This makes it seem more tame, so I'm glad I saw it.
@_date: 2015-12-29 09:10:01
Actually the *Drug war*, and *War on Terror* is exactly why things like Operation Chokepoint were passed with ease and will remain the status quo.
@_date: 2015-12-06 05:11:28


Piss off, troll; [you don't need to do anything other then scan and send with BTC.](
@_date: 2018-09-17 05:53:38
Invasions are messy business, the US deals in proxy wars for ground stuff (Crimea/Syria etc...) as the full out war stuff doesn't sell as well past the Afghan/Iraq invasions.
The US has been on a digital War with China for decades now, so there is that, too. Foreign policy hasn't changed much since Bush I so I figure that after all the plunder the military industrial complex has caused, they realize that fighting unpopular wars are not worth it, as they get big contracts making shitty aircrafts for billions anyway: 
@_date: 2015-12-06 06:03:01
Cloudbet has slightly degraded since they stopped doing 0-confirm deposits, and based it on tx malleability, and cloudflare can be a pita sometimes; but, if you plan ahead it works fine provided your alloted time allows for 4 confirmations.
CB spiced up an already good MotoGP season, and unfortunately most BTC betting sites don't do motorsports.
 Withdraw times have been hit/miss in the past, but over all good.
Grade: 7/10
Notes: Shows potential, but can do better.
@_date: 2015-12-28 02:57:42
That's a good point, actually; while XT was a still-born 'solution' to all of this and doesn't merit any more attention; something needs to be done about not just block size but of mining centralization. 
I've been quiet about all of this trying to learn more about the subject, but if the DevCore meet was true in saying that ~85% of all mining was sitting in that room and are all based out of China, something seriously went awry. 
The whole point of Bitcoin was that it was decentralized and resilience to domestic threats, if the Chinese government actually stepped in and put a concerted effort and took down those mining operation (they are in China partly because the asics are built there, and the funding is available there, but more than all of that it seems that subsidy based 'cheap cost of electricity' is the real reason they are there.) we'd essentially be left with a fraction of the hashing power. And we'd be fine for a few weeks until the difficulty corrected itself and if nothing was there to fill the void we may find ourselves in a place with like alt-coin levels of difficulty or at least early 2010 levels of hashing power. 
At which point a 51% attack is all too real due to the absence of the mining difficulty to not take this shit seriously. 
If this means that this is the outcome, it is not only sane that we increase block size for practical tx time, but also ensure that geographically-speaking 'Chinese miners' do no possess the bulk of mining due to bandwidth issues making it more favourable to branch out to Korea or Denmark, or Romania etc...
I understand that data centers in Iceland seem extreme right now (but I think there are some mining operation there already), and in light of the DPR case how the 'mysteries of US got a hold of the serve not withstanding directing our efforts toward a--less than ideal--failsafe is something that needs to be done.
Also, and this may be selling my own book, but [California is resolved to be 33% on renewable energy by 2020]( and with the [World's largest Heliostat project]( in the middle of nowhere in the Mojave desert surrounding some the cheapest land in all of SoCal (which depending where you are exceeds even Bay-Area prices in NorCal) the options are getting better. 
This place has been trying to bootstrap their economy as a wellness center/eco-friendly resort town, boosting it with proper fiber Internet and the associated injection of capital into there seems like an amazing prospect.  
Sidenote: I think California is already exceeding those projections right now with current tech, if I remember a conference from the director of the Resnick Center at Caltech that took place this year. Really awesome stuff going on there, too!
@_date: 2018-09-15 22:34:05
Ok, we're done. 
You have no idea what you're talking about. I have first hand experience to both of those projects by the way. And while I consider myself a bitcoin maximalist, and even tried to tackle this with Bitcoin on several continents with the Organic/Biodynamic communities... suffice it to say for how small that is: there are limitations to on chain. LN doesn't solve the issue they need fiat to pay for their daily expenses and costs of operation. I can go one, but won't at this point.
Been HERE longer? Probably, I've been using throaways on btc talk since 2010, Ive likely built more things than you and worked with more people in this community than you which is why i have the view that I have. 
Just stop talking about things you have no idea about and go back to thinking you being on a subreddit makes you an expert.
@_date: 2015-12-16 22:21:23
Barrier of entry, complexity, and lack of moral character from the creator is my best guess. Put that together and you have the lamest duck in crypto since those ponzi scheme alt coins scams Garza was pushing--ok, that may be hyperbole, but its not far off.
I mean it was easier to get a Xapo card fund the thing with BTC, and then launch an Indiegogo or something to crowdfund a project than to have Lighthouse operational, I still think it remains the worst use of early-adopter funds to date. 
@_date: 2015-12-05 21:26:06


Agreed; I think credit cards are not a worthy compromise, and the exchanges they are tied to make it a deal breaker for me to even consider, barring a few use-cases: Financial Censorship. 
Still, its a cool concept, and I'm glad it exists if only to remind people of how backwards we are conducting ourselves in our attempts of reaching 'mass adoption,' we shown ouw willingness to revert to the paradigm we sought to render obsolete: Visa and Mastercard networks are still necessary to make this function. (I feel like a satire piece with parallels to clear coke and 7-up should be inserted here some how.)
Remember, Wikileak's financial censorship by Paypal, VISA drove up awareness of why Bitcoin even mattered outside of DNM scenario, to the extent that even Satoshi was alarmed that the *genie would leave the bottle.* And *kick the hornet's nest.*
Where as Bitcoin was and should remain a decentralized p2p payment system, beyond the reach of said actors. In the past 6 years we have proven we can build a protocol with a token based currency which we can exchange value to one other without a need for a central party: it just takes more effort than we think most are willing to accept.
@_date: 2015-12-04 09:14:54


Agreed. Keep the content coming, Nick! 
@_date: 2018-09-14 01:02:56


I honestly want to believe that theory for Gavin's sake: try to burn the past and my affiliation as best as I can and become a pariah in the Community I helped create and use a patsy like Dorian. 
But after so many years in crypto, and seeing so many compromise themselves and whatever merit the once held its very unlikely. I honestly think Gavin went to the CIA as a wide-eyed academic, got spooked by what he heard/saw, was forced to become the voice of controlled opposition. To his determent it worked as he is all but forgotten and held mainly up in a poor light.
Hearn was always a blatant Statist with a massive ego, with a background at Google, so the two trying what they did almost seemed inevitable. Perhaps even orchestrated?
Dorian isn't Satoshi Nakamoto, but the art is kind of cool and one wonders what that that last post on BTF would have looked like. 
@_date: 2015-06-10 16:12:24


I take it you aren't aware of the fact that F1 is a business 97% of the calendar year. Which is why calling it the pinnacle of motorsports is laughable. I'd say Le Mans is really pushing the State of the Art these days.  
And in fact its more relevant than you think as this is what Sky f1, the FOM's and Bernie's chosen outlet, is sponsored by:  


Bitpay, you know what to do. 
@_date: 2015-12-03 09:18:36
[TFW]( Every amount of Bitcoin you have ever given away to *increase adoption* has never left the wallet address you sent it to.
@_date: 2015-12-07 19:38:46
Will PM.
@_date: 2018-09-18 11:37:00
Zug, Zurich, Geneva: I've been to all of them but Bern will forever have my heart.
Its stuff like this that reminds me when the only thing you could pay with in crypto was gardening supply (indoor lighting?) in Bern and I told those guys in Zurich it was just a matter of time before Bern caught up.
@_date: 2015-06-06 12:21:51
Ok, good. 
[Still, I have been meaning to use this for some time.](
@_date: 2015-06-19 00:28:35
I had to reformat some PCs recently due to 2 linux distros no longer having any support, and I downloaded the recent RS and it doesn't have VoIp by default and my attempts to get it to work have been futile. I dl the app on github and placed it in the apps folder. They all had RS with VoIP before, I forgot the release version, too. It was an earlier version from like 2013. I got 2 3 of those, but couldn't get it compile on LMDB 2.
Any suggestions?
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:38:03
100 bits
@_date: 2015-12-02 22:56:04
Auroa coin rising from the ashes?
@_date: 2015-12-05 20:21:20
Hmm, nice *theory*, but you're talking to someone who thinks the word Regicide is the most beautiful in the entire English diction.
With that said, I find the collapse and rebuild of their economy is a more likely outcome; its just that the BoE got played by Soro's already so I think they exhausted that avenue. Where they go is anyone's guess, but that is literately the last place I would want to be when it happens, I've never felt such an oppressive atmosphere as I had walking around London; it truly is an entire city built as a Panopticon. I wish I could find that documentary that detailed all of the fake phone booths, antennas, trees that were actually cameras alligned amongst the known cameras--it is the most surveilled place on Earth.  
@_date: 2015-12-05 20:06:17
His work is peer reviewed, and has been accepted since 2008, actually it would have been done prior had it not been for the blackballing involved; he suffered a heart attack not long after, so his work took a back seat to his health.
But here is his most recent presentation that I could find in 2014 at the EIKE (European Institute for Climate and Energy), and you can judge for yourself:
And who are you talking about specifically when you say *they* 'looked into his work,' as peer review methods are a standardized method of scrutiny in academia. (Which his early work was stonewalled behind.)
However, he has been doing presentations amongst his fellow physicists with models that actually portray a lack of cloud cover and thus increase UV sunlight penetration which is attributed to the 'observed' increase in temp, which is actually in 1 C over a span of years if not decades, not abrupt as you or the video are describing. (Rapid heating has only happened a few times in History, like after asteroid impacts that alter the Earth's atmosphere and ends Ice ages that allow for Life to begin again.)
Moreover, its is my personal observation that this is not a global phenomenon, at least not standardized, but rather region specific (weather is tricky that way) and Europe is actually suffering from a cooling effect, not warming. 
Farming growing seasons are getting shorter, and prolonged cold spells are affecting outdoor grows and yields quite a lot in cooler places like Germany, Switzerland, and Eastern parts of the Baltic. The UK suffered the worst rains in recorded history while I was there in 2014.
The video's parameters are typical of academia, they are too narrow and will continue to be made so to fit a model, rather than expand its model and theory to take in more variables (like what is happening in the Universe itself!) into consideration. The thing is, you cannot do a thing about Solar flares from Earth; and academia does not like to present itself as an impotent actor, the grants and funding for post docs seem to stop when you do. Hence the fear mongering approach taken thus far. And little no effort for solutions, even MIT's Clim Co-Lab's grand prize is a laughable $10K, which when faced with the problem is actually a sad reflection on the whole situation. 
(I don't have to be sold on this, I've already been working on this and have been for the past 3.5-4 years and have changed my Life dramatically to do so, but I find it absurd that these observations are not taken into account--which include my own, and coincide with my own observations even back then.)
Also, there have been more recent extinction periods than alluded to in that video, the most recent putting it somewhere around 12-15 thousand years ago with an immense melting of the glaciers. Washington state is likely ground zero for these observations, and the level of water erosion is like nothing that has ever been seen on this planet--suggesting cataclysmic levels of die off of N. America, supposedly 75% of all mega-fauna, which geologist and archaeologist have been finding more sites to suggest that number.  
@_date: 2018-09-10 20:54:49
This is the kind of shit you would expect to hear on the TV news report on a cyberpunk novel: 'Millionaire techy commissions workers to build tunnels under his home in order to complete his nuclear shelter; another body has been reported to be found on his compound.'
@_date: 2018-09-18 20:46:56
I've been.
Novartis owns the cantons (land und stat). I wanted to finish my biochem degree there before going to Switzerland, afterwards I don't think there is much for a person like me there and I have never seen a place like it.
I remember standing in front of the Syngenta building during a major soccer game where there was no one on the streets in town and wondered if I burned the thing down would anyone even notice?
At least in Bern (Jura, specifically) they're used to crazy thinking anarchists. There is a long history of them taking refuge there; so, I went, too. It was worth it! 
Berndeutsche is literally verbal encryption, its the only dialect of German I really ever wanted to keep learning. 
@_date: 2015-12-05 01:35:23
James D'angelo is the guy for this, he is ex NASA. Maybe we can get it to coincide with a SpaceX launch for maximum awareness? He's also the winner of a MIT Clim Co-lab in 2014, and just an all-around bad ass, really. 
I'm also a 2015 MIT Clim co-lab Judge's and Popular winner (collaborator), for our section, and I take issue with the typical framing of the narrative and premise of the 'Human caused Global Warming' argument responsible for cap and trade and the Carbon credit derivatives market etc... However, Climate Change is real and is happening, and is to be expected in a Universe in constant flux but is occurring for a myriad of causes that extend beyond our planet and Human activity--I've been a huge advocate of Dr. Svensmark's work on Cosmic Rays and cloud formation ever since 2008 when I first encountered it by accident and it opened the door to true scientific inquiry rather than bloated mouthpieces shoving platitudes about an *inconvenient truth* while jet-setting around the World setting the tone for the discussion. 
The truth is the implications of Climate Change are real, and solutions need to be found for these problems and need to be framed as a collective Human endeavor to ensure Human survival on this planet regardless of your national or political stance--or in my case, a self-interested apolitical motivation. 
We don't need hysteria, but rather a focused contingent of problem solvers: [CalTech's sustainability research]( and [MIT's Clim Co-lab]( are great examples.
I'm all for Elon's idea of Mars colonization, but I'm staying here and thus I have a vested interest in doing so. 
@_date: 2018-09-23 10:12:09


In China, or the West? Because if its the former, please detail how that has gone so far. I believe HK is rather receptive, but the mainland remains a Yuan-WeChat centric economy. from what I have gathered over the years.
I'm not sure China is going to be a very good spot for day-day use, so I'll keep an eye out for her experiences; but it is my understanding that they are heavily invested, which is why they went after all those exchanges.
I hope the next 'Tank-Man' type image has him wearing some sort of Crypto relater shirt or something. According to Elon Musk China has a lot of STEM educated technocrats in State/Local government, so you'd think they are aware of the implications of what this tech can do.
@_date: 2015-12-05 02:25:24
The point is this farce of a judicial system has reached levels of outright mockery, and it would be funny in a Kafka manner were it not for the violent implications; at least the Nazi and Soviet Kangaroo courts were known to be such going in and were confined to their respective borders--which isn't much of a consolation actually. But at least its insanity didn't spill over to this kabuki theater around the World. 
I'm convinced Ross is never getting out, and I hope we can improve his life inside with small tokens; but, his Mom is right in saying there is more at stake here than just her son's life and this becomes completely obvious to anyone looking at this unfold and a few functional neurons. What jurisprudence is there for this act on a Canadian citizen in Thailand (perhaps?) working on Icelandic servers for US prosecutors to act on? 
This is why I could never have been a lawyer, these are the 'career making' cases that the industry lusts over to prosecute and 'make it big.' [And what is that stat again, 95% of all federal cases end up as plea bargains?]( In doing so, no precedent can be obtained for a dismissal on blatantly trumped up charges before a jury or judge--and in VJ's case they won't even be his own countrymen at that! 
Anyone remember Victor Bout?
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:52:42
The best way to get it is to provide goods/services and earn BTC, this way you can truly experience what true monetary freedom should be; BTC doesn't care about tired notions such as geography, age, work permits. And 16 is exactly the age you should be exploring these matters and getting used to employing creative problem-solving skills to achieve your goals. 
[I suggest starting here,]( and using other people's suggestion for buying bitcoin if/when you have to. Meet ups are my favorite place to buy, not only because I usually get direct exchange prices, but even when I buy at a premium I get to see the innovation and community being built around it. 
Best of luck, 16 was a defining moment in my Life; I hope it is as challenging and rewarding for you as well. 
100 bits
@_date: 2018-09-13 03:05:04
Actually, you're right, I over estimated by 10k for ome reason. Still... its absurd to think that car is built the way it is and still sales for that. 
@_date: 2018-09-14 21:22:58
Ehh, Lauren Lyster, her predecessor, was way smarter and hotter.  The fact that I can still recall her name after all these years is remarkable as well and testament to that. I remember her grilling many guests and even that slack-jawed banker black guy on the merits of crypto over fiat back in 2011/2012? I think Andreas was on it too, or was that Abby Martin's show?
Anyhow, I'm more averse to her Statist behaviour than anything else, we don't need lobbyists nor do we need regulation; that was THE goal all along.
This is just like the foundation all over again, I really do hope Armstrong gets the Shrem treatment: 


Square really needs to cut into Coinbase's market share faster, that thing needs to die already. People that keep asking 'how can I help'  should be hosting meetups on how to use Bitsquare in their garage or neighborhood library.  
Been there, done that, by the way: it works, you just need to get more numbers through the door. 
@_date: 2015-12-31 13:00:58
Tell me about it, I work in the cannabis industry and fintech. Its not easy dealing with this; nor is it altogether easy dealing with people who's greatest wish is to elevate themselves to the level of a Pablo Escobrar figure who believes by joining them they can reform them from within; they just haven't got close enough to the beast to see its true face. 
Its heartbreaking, and challenging beyond words at times, but I know this is all for something much bigger than me. So I keep at it. 
All the best, mate!
@_date: 2015-12-28 03:16:24
Doesn't this assume many factors, mainly that they will prefer to not capitalize on their costly equipment and not factor in the short- lived window for ROI (asic miners are the money pit 'arms race' of Crypto) out of geographical based hindrance (broadband). 
Why would they do this? And some grounding basis in game theory (or at least consideration) would help, too. (As I don't think your rebuttal acknowledges it.) 
@_date: 2015-06-16 13:15:32
A bunch of tips to spread awareness here and in other subs. 
Pending for later this week: 
Graphic artist commission, mobile phone bill, and maybe an amazon purchase to test out purse.io for someone. 
@_date: 2015-06-04 14:35:06


The president did, and for like a day, which by the look of things only helped his exposure and PR as he has been doing the rounds amongst anarcho-capitalist media. 


Very cool, indeed!
I think I'm going to help fund that drone security project when I top up my wallet later this month, [you should consider getting involved, too.](
@_date: 2018-09-04 02:46:53
What the hell? When was that ever 'the' aim? Crypto can't solve any of those things except maybe the debt based economy if it were to be adopted in mass scale, which is... debatable, but possible.  
The 'rich' have already done many things in Crypto, you have to understand anyone on the planet that [makes over 30k+ USD is technically in the top 1% of the World's population.](
So anyone with any expendable income to play with crypto falls in this category for the most part, and most don't have the State to help them subsidize their losses. 
@_date: 2018-09-04 05:33:14


Exactly. 
The people that keep thinking in terms of Nation-states are really delusional, this not about Russia vs US and fictions of 'laws' within them--their are countless examples off all of these going out the window. This is about kleptocrats trying to enslave Humanity. They all do it, this has and will continue to occur throughout the World as the existential threat becomes apparent to its intended target. 
@_date: 2015-06-28 20:49:54
Cool, I will give this a watch later tonight.
1000 bits
@_date: 2015-06-10 16:50:11
Oh... I saw the lettering, but I was looking for the BTC sign. For anyone else looking its the white writing that's half covered by the front cowl on the bottom portion of the helmet.
@_date: 2015-06-11 11:01:34
Not as bad as I thought it would be, considering that botch-job they did with the Unsystem guys in London last year. At least they showed some useful and applicable use cases outside of the 'guns, drugs and child porn' narrative.
Thanks, OP.
100 bits
@_date: 2015-12-06 05:15:51


[Screenshot says it all](
@_date: 2015-12-07 19:51:13
Que tal con los chavles de Cionafiene, mola, no? Me parce un buen sistema, pero no e tenido el tiempo para enterarme de los hechos desde que vinereon a California hace poco y se llevaron un premio y un poco de pasta. 
Y que tal con Amir? Sigue en Catalunya?
Bueno, tio, te dejo que tengo mogollon de cosas que hacer aun; pero me escribes si lo de Unsystem te funciona.
PS: Forgive the spelling, syntax and grammar; I haven't written in Castillian much these days.
@_date: 2015-12-07 09:33:40
Fees? Conversion rate?
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:37:48
100 bits
@_date: 2015-12-14 15:54:24
DON'T, and [learn how to actually Bitcoin.](
You got off easy by not getting your funds frozen or seized, I think you'll see the value in being the custodian of your own funds. Should you need more a turn key system look into Ledger or a Trezor. 
@_date: 2015-12-29 08:41:41
You guys are too much... by that reasoning Genghis Khan was a cool guy because that was millennia (more like 800 years) ago, right?
Cool, well, invest in her fucking scam, I'll just stand here and laugh at you when the scorpion strikes. I guess some people really do like being subservient and the anthropomorphic-punching bag for sociopaths. If this is what it means to grow up, may I never *grow up*.
Edit: I think this is actually much more significant the more I think about it, though; it shows how if they don't have the bailouts to cover there losses they are actually displaying their absurd level of incompetence, and are so quick to delude themselves to think this idea has any merit. 
This is giving me so much writing material... I guess, to be a *star banker* is actually just being a *Basic Bitch* in Finance terms. 
@_date: 2015-12-29 09:18:54
Sure there is, its called a closed-loop ecosystem; when I can cover all of my costs, expenses, and purchases without the need of Visa, MC or fiat I think success has been attained. 
Whether that will happen is another matter for a majority of people, but we are slowly realizing it is a possibility for more and more every day. 
@_date: 2018-09-10 20:50:46
Same people who held on to Bcash in the first place? 
Greed and stupidity are a deadly combination, and unfortunately are far more common than I would like to admit.
Either way they're fucked, and we should laud that they are nearing their last gasp here, Schnoor/LN/Atomic Swaps are now a focus and priority thanks to these idiots exiting. 
I just worry that Ver actually still has a large BTC position and will likely continue the same BS via proxies, as he has with his sock puppets; to me the real question is will the death of bcash at least allow the community to regain the momentum we had before 2014 when we were actually out solving problems and creating new use cases in the process? 
I really miss those days. Now, its like for every 1000 shitpost about ETF or Dimon you get a NoPara Wasabi update. 
@_date: 2015-06-16 23:56:11
Awesome, so it was him; I'll toss him the same, too. Not a bad little windfall (and now with the recent price increase today) for using a free hosting/streaming service and likely enjoying the race along with everyone else; I think this may be the ideal candidate for Streamium during the Nurburgring. 
I never understood platforms like twitch since its for video games, but for motorsports with less than great coverage it makes perfect sense. 
A little story: Back in the day we used to have to wait months for Hot Version/Best Motoring/Option2 Dvds shipped from Japan for some race coverage (JGTC, D1) which sucked if you were a poor student petrol-head sinking all your money into your car/track days and tried to get them 2nd hand off yahoo auctions.
I'm trying to [get the guys over at /super_gt to host PPP's translated races on a incentivized-peer torrent system with BTC.]( Apparently YT is taking down raw versions of the races. Joystream may be the solution, though. 
I was just watching it off my 14'' laptop this year, nothing fancy. Battle station is at home. 
Edit: Site is down,I got this:
**Streams Offline.**
**Web Server is offline until just before the streams begin.**
**Check out the subreddit to see info about upcoming streams. reddit.comI checked the sub, and its listed as private; this the hardest I have had trying to tip someone, can you post his wallet address?
@_date: 2015-06-10 16:35:12
100 bits
@_date: 2015-06-23 00:15:15
[Do you think this crowd is familiar with the Blue cloud?]( 
@_date: 2015-06-05 07:20:29
That's right, if we want to rid ourselves of the ponzi-scheme-scam light upon which the masses see BTC in, what better way than to allow them to be beguiled by one of the worst examples of a Human being and one of the biggest criminals in all of Human history? 
Do any of you truly believe this fucking sociopath anytime she opens her mouth? She highly emphasizes the benefits to the Old World business models. [Although if she carries on with this narrative, and the Old World see her as potential threat, perhaps the they will Canary Wharf her.]( 
Anyone thinking this has any semblance of merit is truly the personification of 'a fool and his money...' and should broker a deal with Josh Garza. 
I just hope I get to participate in her 'distributed-ledger-system' token getting [Aurora'd.](
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:37:52
100 bits
@_date: 2015-06-04 14:27:40
So, then we have to acquiesce to State mandates in order to *disrupt* it?
That means we're no longer doing Bitcoin. 
Its not the sum that offends me most, especially when you think about Californian start ups like 21 or Coinbase coming in with millions of dollars in seed funding and VC money; its that it means we have compromised our value system in order to get some short sighted goal--in this case not being further targeted by the State's protection racket. If we yield to this, we have essentially admitted that our decentralized ethos exists in name only. 
Because what exactly will this ensure? All the Banks, and investment firms that run these massive ponzi schemes comply with these supposed 'regulations' which does not reflect their unethical, corrupt and immensely perverse business practices. And when they do get caught breaking the 'Law' they simply lobby or force changes to said Law to make them exempt of criminality and subsequent charges in lieu of a small monetary infraction. 
I'm sure most will play along if its passed, if only to escape the anal rape that comes with tax/permit/license dodging in California. But if it were going to play 'placating the State' game I'd rather spend that 5k setting up a LLC in an income tax free state while having an HQ in California than to comply to this BS; hell, paying double that would still be worth it. 
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:37:24
100 bits
@_date: 2015-06-05 08:07:14
Apparently the first listing was too Berlusconi-esque and they have since modified it; it seems to be her after all. 
I'm not interested in funding PAs anyhow, I want to be able to get real time scans of Liberland on a stream. Supposedly they have architects waiting to get involved, so for a donation of 0,055 BTC I'd say it would be worth it.
@_date: 2015-06-23 00:13:07
This is actually the pre-cursor of how the Welfare State came to be, particularly in the UK, It was a self-funded medical based appropriation for communities of manual-labor based economies. Mining I believe being the most prominent if I recall correctly.
Unfortunately, this is also the foundation upon which the modern-day State  comes to be what it is today, as it has shown throughout Human history: the affectation to displace personal responsibility onto another individual is an all to intoxicating vice for Man if and when conditioned to accept the notion; it subsequently leads to many dire consequences we see today, regardless of how well-intentioned they may have began as.
The tragedy of the commons illustrates how  this pans out acutely and vividly: look at the devastation of the ecosystem surrounding most of the World.
 
I highly recommend Dr. Quigley's Tragedy and Hope, it gives historical context to the claims above, and while I'm not for any social safety-nets, I am however in favour of CONSENTED community sponsored, individual-based education via libraries and lectures, much like those of Ancient Athens.  
Its is my personal belief and maxim that the best deterrent to a social collapse and atrophy is a well educated populace that has a cultural integration and value-based perspective of their respective community. And even this has several flaws in practices as they are inherit to the Human Condition, but is still much more favourable to anything we have had for brief periods since Athens.
@_date: 2015-06-01 05:38:06
*nods in apprehensive approval*
Will this defund DHS then? Can we see the same narrative for TPP and its secret and biased tribunals which distorts domestic and international trade and property rights, which I would remind Rand were also reason(s) the US revolt happened. 
Also for those that follow this kabuki theater: what does this mean with respect to the USA Freedom Act? I'm not advocating anyone lower their OpSec, far from it, I'm just wondering if this is the typical bait-and-switch tactic to quell the masses with a hollow victory the State uses. 
[Useful link outlining section 215's continued use by the FBI and NSA with deadlines.](
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:37:42
100 bits
@_date: 2015-06-30 19:06:10
Can anyone make out the QR code? That's worth tipping, and dare I say: T-shirt worthy?
@_date: 2015-06-07 09:33:40


Yeah, I was just about to define this: Op, not everyone here is a biologist and we live in World fully saturated with acronyms.  
**Biologist-Crypto Nerd talk**: I'd like to hear your view on things like network broadcasting to reach consensus/validation via nodes and the electron transport chain. Bonus points if you can touch on SPV nodes and Merkle trees. 
@_date: 2015-12-07 18:23:54
I was going to say stop being so damn pedantic and be grateful they're doing this at all, and then I read: 


Haha... true. You could even in theory game this and win your own prize money. I have one installed on my Mycelium wallet, and will use to lock in at 400, we've gotten close!
Sidenote: Awesome work, Coinapult! Your invoice and request payment option works brilliantly, is your API open source and are there any limitations as to what use-cases you're not willing to have it used for? Thanks!


*Old school AIM/IRC chat nerd detected.* :)
@_date: 2015-06-29 17:51:52
Oh, I'd like one of these, please.
100 bits
@_date: 2015-06-30 18:07:36
Very cool, I particularly like the fragmentation and joining process to add another failsafe to the equation. What encryption algorithm is used?
How are nodes set up and what prevents it from centralization? The 'cloud' is just some server(s) after all. Tell us more about these 'complex schemes,' please. 
1000 bits
@_date: 2015-06-28 08:10:18
Thanks! :)
I put the dough in the fridge right now for a proper slow-rise it'll be ready for Sunday dinner; unfortunately no Ragu this weekend, just pickled vegetable anti-pasti, pizza and lambrusco. 
@_date: 2015-06-16 13:20:12
Link saved, I think this shows a great deal of promise if it catches on; Maidsafe is still vapourware after how long, while this concept (spoken about as early as 2010 or 2011 on BT) just gets more and more refined.  
I wish there were a way to integrate Usenet into this, most max out at 1200 days and there is some stuff from the early 2000's that I don't think I'll ever get back due to dead HDDs. 
@_date: 2015-06-16 13:27:05
Wait you watched the Henno stream? I saw they took BTC I just didn't want to install flash and kept looking for others alts; I finally found the Ustream (html5) one which was from a guy with a SN like 'UH cast' or something along those lines. 
 
@_date: 2015-06-10 16:28:06
If it weren't for the cool bots and such I'd say lets go back to Usenet and do newsgroups: alt.binaries.Bitcoin is not indexed so it must be available.
Anonymous and decentralized: win-win Actually a chan or something wouldn't be an entirely bad idea, either. 
@_date: 2015-12-07 18:13:30
Did that Chipchap method of getting cash that Unsystem released a while back linking those ATMs ever catch on in Spain?
I thought that was so awesome, and a much better solution than Credit Cards, but I've been out of Europe to test. I wish we had something like that in the US.


I think the real question is how many of those are the anal probing Robocoin et al types, and how soon will we reach an order of magnitude more regular BTC meetups around the World? Which is where people should be buying their BTC from. 
@_date: 2015-06-28 20:38:15
For the reddit gold... which I'm not sure what it really does, but you mentioned you like proper Italian pizza so I thought I'd follow up. 
Either way, thanks.
@_date: 2015-06-01 06:36:16
Sure, I just checked out your post history, you asked a good question for a noob; so here you go:
4000 bits
I think that doubles your current holdings, if I read your comment correctly, spread that amongst your friends/circle; also check out Dark Wallet and Airbitz that uses the tech (Libbitcoin/Obelisk) that Dark Wallet runs on. The guys are also pretty awesome, too.
@_date: 2015-12-02 23:04:34


Never. That doesn't work, just look at the Non-Euro nations in the EU, they at least have a semblance of some autonomy and are less likely to pull a Cyprus. Then again you already have capital controls in place, so maybe that isn't the best argument, but just look at places like Slovenia or Latvia.
I wouldn't be happy either, ~$300 is a petty sum when you realize they defrauded you since 2008 and have made your quality of life plunge; but, as you said it will likely help some people have a better Christmas than they otherwise would have.
@_date: 2015-06-01 04:53:21
What an utterly shameful, self-serving way to pump his 'friend's' all too often parroted misconception of what maintains the blockchain as a distributed ledger/payment system: the incentivized token system.


Here is a far better foreshadowing of this fucking disastrous 'Old World' business model and the emergence of New Economy based upon decentalized p2p solutions from 15 years ago:
[Gene Kan at Senate Judiciary Committee]( 
RIP, Gene: we're winning after all!
PS: The US and its Idol worship... it was fucking TV SHOW.
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:37:35
100 bits
@_date: 2015-12-05 21:46:49


My best guess: Ellen Pao. And why I will be leaving before the ToS in 2016 will hit and I'll go back to lurking. 
@_date: 2018-09-05 10:59:13
Another one bites the dust...
Can't say I'll miss this or him at this point: see ya! Try innovating your platform to stay relevant instead of 'debating'  Peter Schiff and trying to garner media attention next time.
\&gt;This was always going to happen with shapeshift. Cunts.
I thought this was why they were based out of Switzerland?
I used their service once, to convert bcash to btc, and I can't say I was willing to do it again. Exchange rate sucked, too, but I was just glad to offload the shit I really didn't care.
@_date: 2015-06-06 15:46:28


I'm waiting for you chart starers to get a life, since clearly you find that to be a better way to spend your time than to get off your ass and actually build something that will give greater use cases and thus value to its exchange price.
That is all... 
@_date: 2015-06-06 16:09:55
I can only surmise that you have never gone to a Bitcoin event or meetup then and that your (dim) view of BTC is limited to this subreddit. 
As far as I have seen BTC is almost entirely a millennial affair; core devs not withstanding. But most entrepreneurs and enthusiasts in the ecosystem tend to be 20-30 with your occasional token gen X or boomer thrown in the mix. 
I don't personally want to make this an age thing, this is just my experience from the Euro and US bitcoin community; and in my opinion it really should be viewed as **'forward thinking and insightful people see fiat as the bane of Human existence'** instead of OP's title. 
Sidenote: I'm a millennial. 
@_date: 2015-06-17 10:42:14
Back everything up? I did, but one cannot always account for HDD failures, and SSD didn't exist back then. 
@_date: 2015-12-04 00:51:35
;) 
I prefer to admire from afar, unless of course it involves Presidents and fire... then things get interesting. 
@_date: 2015-12-28 07:52:49
Vorhees is right, Coinbase should die from making people aware of its nature, not by censorship.
If COiNbase are seen as 'training wheels,' and we've been using them 6 years after we learned to use the metaphorical *bike* (Bitcoin); I think that says more about its userbase than anything else. 
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:37:30
100 bits
@_date: 2015-12-05 00:37:01
This is such an egregious over-reach its bordering on the very insane:




A Canadian, presumably in Thailand when working on SR with servers located in Iceland is awaiting extradition to the US? And may serve 20 years? What did Force, a Constitution violating Federal agent get, 7 years?! And we still don't know what happen to the BTC they took.
@_date: 2015-12-04 19:13:44
And even with that said, they still remain as the nation of the highest priced Fiat in respect to Gold; which is damn near impossible to wrap you're head around if you've been there and when you see what their economy is like. They literately have no manufacturing anymore, are the [Western Nation with biggest Debt GDP ratio]( etc... 
It was in my estimation that due to population size, ongoing strifes with Scotland, Ireland and the EU that if they were forced to go at it alone they'd starve within a 6-7 month window, maybe a year if they reverted to WWII rationing due to the yields their arable farm land could produce. And I'm including their small albeit effective hemp cultivation to overcome mal-nurishment.  
Which leads to my other question about Israel, what metrics indicate it should increase in value? Further illegal expansion into occupied land to build condos with US DoD funds? Because a bumper crop of Jerusalem artichokes alone aren't going to cut it.  
@_date: 2015-06-16 13:12:44
Do you still have his address? I was able to catch the final 3.5 hours of it when my Eurosport stream went down. He never responded back. 
US coverage is literately abysmal. 
Toyota will come back strong next year, and fingers crossed Nismo can challenge, too. The Hulk and Porsche deserved that win. 
@_date: 2015-06-01 06:36:16
Sure, I just checked out your post history, you asked a good question for a noob; so here you go:
4000 bits
I think that doubles your current holdings, if I read your comment correctly, spread that amongst your friends/circle; also check out Dark Wallet and Airbitz that uses the tech (Libbitcoin/Obelisk) that Dark Wallet runs on. The guys are also pretty awesome, too.
@_date: 2015-06-01 05:33:56
It appeals to the lowest common denominator and offers instant gratification, and reduces the steep learning curve... but as you have stated: at what cost? 
Truthfully, I was an advocate and user before, I even wanted to work for them since they were bringing in big name merchants into the ecosystem, but then the spying was made public... and even proven ineffective at deterring phishing hacks and with that all the respect I had for them went out the door when they compromised all their worth for their 'profits over principles' business model. (God help you if you tried to log on with a different 2fa option, which is why I never got to close my account.)
In short, it went from a noob friendly on-ramp to become the antithesis of what Bitcoin was suppose to free us from. I don't begrudge Coinbase anymore, a business will continue to operate and cater to a demand if it exists, this is basic Market logic; instead my issue is now with Bitcoiners who know better but act otherwise. Those are subsequently the same ones screaming bloody murder around here when they get goxxed or hacked or they lost their private key/seed because they always relied on someone else to do the thinking for them--and with the innovations, resources and options that we have now in comparison to the old days 2009-2011, there is simply no excuse. 
@_date: 2015-06-10 14:03:29
No mention of Maxcoin, quark, or that other alt coin. I guess he finally figured it out the hard way. 


I have several ideas of how this investment plan can be gamed already.
@_date: 2015-06-28 22:06:50
Actually, they do some pretty innovative things in Germany, like put a silver lining in their fridges to reduce bacterial-microbial-viral growth.
They are more than just power tools and the German equivalent of Denso. 
Personally, I'm more bullish on BTC playing a role in not just the IoT but spearheading the manufacturing aspect to get this technology to scale: 21 has shown there is more than enough interest. Which is why it is so stupid to spend time bickering about pointless things while we can be focusing on cooler stuff.
@_date: 2018-08-05 09:09:52


It wasn't always like this, I'd say after the first price rise in 2013 changed things forever. But it used to be a cool place to talk about crypto and BS evry now and then; but now it seems like a bunch of jaded Buttcoin guys mixed with angsty bcash idiots brigading mixed with Trump supporters post-whoring make the bulk of most posts these days. 
I mean this place always had a 4-8chan feel to it (to an extent) but now 90% of this shit is isn't even remotely funny. 
As for the Celica, this was always a striking design from Toyota; I remember when they came out and a girl I knew in HS got one and let me drive it one day during lunch to teach her how to shift better; it was when 6 speed cars were still super new so it was kind of odd to get used to. 
I still like the popup version the most, it reminds me of Carlos Sainz killing it in WRC. 
Enjoy the new car, dude! 
@_date: 2015-06-25 23:05:02
Interesting concept...
100 bits
Any interest in one of the most famous Dj holding a Bitcoin logo (magazine)? I have one of those? The pizza around here sucks, and I make my own--I've lived and worked in Italy for a while. 
@_date: 2015-06-11 03:20:55
Who the hell said anything about sponsoring a team? 
FX is a prepaid card trying to gain traction amongst the wealthy masses that follow the traveling circus that is F1 around the globe. And Bitpay or any bitcoin company could directly compete with such a service since instead of paying with a preloaded fiat card they could pay with NFC on their phone--as its commonplace in most of Europe and parts of Asia. The official FIA F1 budget is minuscule in comparison to the economy that surrounds it: hospitality, tourism, gambling, shopping, car rentals etc...
And it was until the mid 2000's when tobacco companies were dominant liveries: BAR/Lucky Strike; Renault/Mild Seven; Ferrari/Marlboro.   
@_date: 2015-12-07 09:35:03


@_date: 2015-06-01 04:53:21
What an utterly shameful, self-serving way to pump his 'friend's' all too often parroted misconception of what maintains the blockchain as a distributed ledger/payment system: the incentivized token system.


Here is a far better foreshadowing of this fucking disastrous 'Old World' business model and the emergence of New Economy based upon decentalized p2p solutions from 15 years ago:
[Gene Kan at Senate Judiciary Committee]( 
RIP, Gene: we're winning after all!
PS: The US and its Idol worship... it was fucking TV SHOW.
@_date: 2015-06-01 05:38:06
*nods in apprehensive approval*
Will this defund DHS then? Can we see the same narrative for TPP and its secret and biased tribunals which distorts domestic and international trade and property rights, which I would remind Rand were also reason(s) the US revolt happened. 
Also for those that follow this kabuki theater: what does this mean with respect to the USA Freedom Act? I'm not advocating anyone lower their OpSec, far from it, I'm just wondering if this is the typical bait-and-switch tactic to quell the masses with a hollow victory the State uses. 
[Useful link outlining section 215's continued use by the FBI and NSA with deadlines.](
@_date: 2015-12-06 23:35:07
I probably shouldn't have read as much as I did as I have things to do, but where NAP fails, self-defense starts and if he isn't ready to defend his ideas and person to the very end he certainly isn't ready to be pontificating to anyone about anything.
What was that saying, 'if you aren't being threatened with violence you aren't doing it right.' Or something to that extent? 


I know that sounds all internet-tough guy, but having dealt with all of the aforementioned in the same settings the threat of violence is palpable at times if your approach is all wrong, which his was from the on-set, and getting high (impaired motor skills) with people you don't know was his biggest mistake; this is where innate survival instinct kicks in and clearly this young guy got a crash course in why you should have them to assess any situation, especially when confronted with idealogues--who are prone to violence, or at least comfortable with the threat therein. (Anarchist history is riddled with stories of physical oppression, violence and poverty, especially in Europe particularly in Greece during the Junta; he should have known this as a 'true anarchist.')
If it was real, and the experience sunk in, he'll be better because of it. I'm just reluctant to think so, as I can only recall what I was like at 19, which even in a university surrounding it made me aware of the absurdity of confronting 'the immovable object' with reason and logic and expecting nothing short of an irate, ill tempered child--even amongst people double my age. 


You become acutely aware that your resources are simply better utilized elsewhere--my battle scars with pro-war and anti-war factions taught me that very quickly.  
PS: I really think everyone should have their ass kicked at least once in life, regardless of circumstance; it teaches humility and enforces the idea that there has to be a better way to conflict resolution than physical violence, and a few kicks and punches to the torso are the best catalyst to that end. 
@_date: 2018-08-23 21:29:30




I heard about it before in early 2010 but finally 'got it' after Wikileaks got thier accounts shut down and started accepting BTC, but SR proved to be a necessary component in our initial History; so he is entirely wrong in saying that. What I would agree with is that it is no longer an integral or even vital component of the current ecosystem, its merely yet another appendage. 
We have since evolved into something far greater, but DNMs were always a critical component of what we were doing--Free Markets unfettered by borders or regulation were the testing ground for a trust-less p2p currency, it helped us iterate from that.
As for the ETF, whatever, it was pointless and unnecessary and goes to show just how much of the current userbase is willing to compromise our project by returning to a centralized outlet in the name of 'mass adoption' so they can cash in on short-sighted profits. 
Who is this guy, anyway?
@_date: 2015-06-10 14:12:32
Dude, if you are in Berlin and not going to the meetups for your coins: you're doing it wrong. 
There was a meetup last night, the next one is on the 15th specifically there for trading (2nd link).  
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:37:57
100 bits
@_date: 2015-06-11 10:47:31
Got to save this, I'm sure it will come in handy some day.
100 bits
@_date: 2015-06-26 11:10:55
I'm in for .05, too. 
I did a tipping/sponsoring node thing(s) in the past but if collectively we can bring more nodes online then this makes more sense. 
@_date: 2015-12-04 09:12:59
Tip her enough to open a Souncloud account and upload her content there? 
She posts here under @_date: 2015-06-06 12:23:44
You're right, proper OpSec in crypto isn't what it should be but these guys are setting the standard. 
@_date: 2015-06-28 07:57:42
Ahh, the robo-signing, MBS', and CMOs... 
I always wondered what the people that actually did this were like, I had an image in my head, and well I hate to say it: I was right. 
@_date: 2015-06-10 16:33:35
2 years in a row, cool! 
Anyone want to pony up and put a logo on a Le Mans car next year? 
Also, I must be going blind because I'm starting at a 23'' monitor and don't see it; is it on the cowl/fairing/helmet?
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:37:16
100 bits
@_date: 2015-12-02 23:54:00
I never said they weren't defrauding you, in fact, I stated that they continue to, but your claim was that:


Your inability to travel with your own money out of the country is enough to validate that they are defrauding you--and the extremes you have to go to exchange your currency. The inability to use crypto currencies as you see fit.
And this is just an acute one, but the housing crisis is still ongoing, which the State was/is responsible for. 
I wasn't aware that the proposal didn't go through, as you have alluded to; but it does remind me of those few 100 dollars they sent in the US after the bailouts during the latter end of the the Bush II era. It was an affront to any self-respecting person, I was a declared 'unemployed' student at the time so I didn't get it, but even so that small sum would have gone a long way at the time. 
PS: I'm on your side, in fact what I witnessed and participated in Iceland and Syntagma is responsible for why I 'Bitcoin.'
@_date: 2015-12-02 23:28:54
Are you familiar with the Icelandic politician Brigitta Jnsdttir, and the huge rise in the Pirate Party in Iceland? 
I'd suggest you do your homework before you make such claims, just a FYI I followed the Icesave crisis and subsequent rallys and protests very closely, along with the Greek ones as well. I'm one of the few people on here that probably made a few memes that floated around when you guys were to be put on the Terrorist watch list. 
[This still puts a smile to my face to this day.](
@_date: 2015-12-29 07:48:14
I'd say to do otherwise is to display the utmost level of ignorance and done at your own peril. 
If this is truly a meritocracy, her deeds and subsequent reputation is befitting of this and much more. 


HAHAHA!!! [She was booted for getting caught committing her crimes after experiencing tons of losses and made her scam come to the surface.](


What's that website that allows you to make your own altcoin, again?
@_date: 2018-08-17 08:44:12
Posting to read back later, hopefully this picks up on where DarkWallet and now even Wasabi left off and have this as a default feature into Core. Otherwise I don't see most people implementing security and privacy features widely enough to make Blockchain 'analytics and Forensics'  by State players an obsolete thing.
I thought NullC was going to play with something similar, but he has stepped down from Blockstream, right?
@_date: 2015-06-12 09:53:33
[Or you can buy a raspberry pi 2 and run your own for just a little more.](


I have been meaning to start another one this month when I top up; anyone want to join in and help build a truly decentalized node solution chime in. 
@_date: 2015-06-07 13:26:03
Are you guys serious?
[Bro, do you even internet?](
@_date: 2015-12-31 13:23:35
Donated to Sean's Outpost and now this: I'm out in order to avoid Reddit's fucked draconian spying laws; I'll occasionally lurk like I did before, but otherwise safe travels, and I'll see you on the other side, my fellow Crypto-anarchists and Cypherpunks.  
CCC was awesome like always! 
I've got nothing but respect for those who made this place great and have since long departed; looking at what this place has become (a sordid playground for trolls, tyrants and get rich quick types to foment hatred and negativity) has been heartbreaking to witness, so perhaps its for the best? 
Let them have it, we know what we're after and it sure as hell isn't Theymos' skewed view of 'open discourse.'
&lt;3 Foxxy!!!!!
The rest of you should really re-think your lives. 
@_date: 2015-12-05 00:48:24
And by many people's logic, they think they can get mass adoption under those parameters--which is lost on me beyond avoiding the awkward initial reaction and connotation to DNM and such. Which can easily by reasoned away as fiat remains the  form of medium for *illicit activity* according to their collective own studies. 
Plutus, you guys are on fire; keep up the good work, I showed the Wholefoods one to a friend and they enjoyed to see its practical application. ~~Will your final product be a mobile wallet with a cash-lock-in system like say Mycelium-Coinapult or will it be a free floating one at the time of tx?~~




@_date: 2015-06-11 11:06:54
But ultimately *Engine* relies on a massively expensive Petrol-dollar/War system, therefore we don't think it will catch on... 
@_date: 2015-06-10 14:36:16
Your starter plant never shipped, I think changetip doesn't function in PMs.
1000 bits
@_date: 2018-08-06 09:22:42
Haha, Dorian's face still cracks me up after all these years. This also has almost a Dr. Suess feel to it for some reason,
I'm half expecting him telling me that 'Nope, he doesn't want Green Eggs and Ham,' and won't compromise for anything short of sushi for Lunch.
That journo was an attention whore with low scruples, but I'm glad Dorian is part of our Community.   
@_date: 2015-06-07 11:11:07
I'd say a well educated populace is preferable to this, although its not a bad back up plan to have N-lock type of mechanism for certain documents. 
Sidenote: I just started to re-watch Steins;Gate 2.5 weeks ago. 
@_date: 2018-08-11 09:01:52
Do us all a favour and please stop this, we don't elevate people to such status in the (sane) crypto community; Hal was great, as is Szabo and barring lauding them for their respective technical contributions and prowess we would would do ourselves a disservice by placing even these great minds to 'Visionary' status, and this isn't due to shortcoming in talent. But rather it's a cultural affirmation that we don't want that here. 
We don't want or need Idol worship. 
(Besides, what a vague accolade to have. This sounds something Ver would claim to have been awarded when speaking of himself.)
@_date: 2018-08-17 21:30:46
Sure, but what I meant to say that such an endeavor would be a massive undertaking for any other Dev working on this independently. Like Nopara did, where as the Blockstream guys could pull their resources and reputations to get something like this into the protocol itself via PR.
I'm no fan of Ver, the guy is clearly a mentally disturbed person who should seek psychological mental help with all of his money, so that propaganda about Blockstream = Bitcoin Core is non-sense, however, I trust that people like Gmaxell and Pieter Wuille etc... all have the same CryptoAnarchist and Cypherpunk principals that Bitcoin and crypto as a whole were built on as opposed to the glib and sophomoric understanding as your Ver and his ilk have. Gavin siding that way was the big disappointment from all of that, I still haven't entirely gotten over that to be honest.
Privacy was and remains WAY MORE important than scaling, in my opinion, and while I see things like Classic/XT/Bcash... as all wastes of time/energy.resources that would have been better utilized creating the aforementioned privacy tools, I'm just glad we're finally here! Stealth Addresses were an amazing advent that I wish would have been more widely adopted and refined, NoPara I think is doing that with Wasbi, right? Default mixing wallets would have been amazing had Darkwallet actually materialized and became the standard for all wallets and a had built-in fee calculation with ETA. 
Anyhow, I don't care who or what sources of funding they get, I really don't, as TOR is mainly funded by the US Government, and I trust that Jacob (yes, I still miss the guy despite all allegations) and Roger led the project with the best minds behind them to what is the best security tool for Anonymity Online to date. 
I think what's ironic about creating such Trustless networks and tools, is that we subsequently see just how rare and valuable Trust really is, especially in real life at the Community level (think neighborhoods and social clubs.). Odd turn of events considering how paranoid we cryptonerds are. 
@_date: 2018-09-15 12:09:17


MIT open-sourced all of their courses for most degrees, being one of the first to do so via OCW, but they want to charge on this? 


There are plenty of MOOCs already on crypto, why is this worth spending money on? 
Coursera has plenty of them too, none of which I would bother with; especially since Mastering Bitcoin is still free and open source, as are all those other MOOCs I alluded to before--personally, I still have all my IBM dev stuff, too. 
Tons of smart contract tutorials and LN telegram is free to anyone. 
Is this just for the low-hanging fruit? If so, MIT should be ashamed: I mean $20, sure, but $3500?! 
@_date: 2015-06-11 03:45:48
This car is an [embarrassedly underpowered Fiat 600,]( there is no 'fish tailing' and counter-steering to be had in this thing, it would roll over before that. 
@_date: 2018-08-22 22:32:19
Or make a greenhouse and sell the sprouts to local restaurants and starter plants at local farmer markets and have an additional form of income, or donate it to local schools for their learning gardens; I wonder if you could deduct the expenses? I really could get one done in a matter of days if I don't have to set up a fancy drip irrigation/myst system that doesn't fuck with the ASICS, even then that would just mean creative shrouding and fanning I think.
Their should be a new tax deduction chapter written for this in the IRS tax code, one that specifies that if and when energy from a morning operation is used to improve the local area then the tax implications should be reduced or null depending on impact and scale. I don't see it happening in the US, but the EU or Canada might do something like this. 
@_date: 2015-06-03 11:17:39
What is going on here: 
Confirm order and pay
You are ordering SecurityKISS Tunnel
    package MALACHITE
    with limit 30 GB per month
    and price 3.99 EUR (0.0099 BTC)
    for 1 Month
    for Client ID: client04347674 
The price is 3.99 euro regardless of payment method as its priced in Euros. Should the total not be 2 Euro when Btc payment option is applied? 
PS: [Hola has been proven to be a Malware infested Botnet that sells out its user base. Hopefully Security_Kiss will see an uptick in subscriptions.](
Based hotwheels deserves a tip, Security_Kiss. 
@_date: 2018-08-01 04:57:14


So I understand the leverage position, but I suck at the TA stuff, which I think is mainly BS anyway, but does this indicate that Institutional money or exchanges are creating a floor with this position?
Edit: A day later and the price went below 7400 (currently 7326), see this is why I think TA is utter BS and no one can really determine the price with any semblance of accuracy despite all the chart staring.
The price, in a truly Free Market, is an indication of way more variables and pressures than can be taken into account by anyone right now, which doesn't bode well for so many people talking about prediction markets/models and this is just another affirmation of why most of these hacks can't even come close to getting a decent average on price prediction to save their lives, luckily I want to go lower so I can buy the dip(s)!
So, to all you chumps like Tone Vay and subsequent wannabes, let your horrible waste of energy drop this motherfucker back to 5k for me pleazy, kthx!
@_date: 2018-08-26 21:21:09
On that shit tonight, no kyc or aml, right?
@_date: 2018-08-21 19:30:42


I still remember that interview, that sociopath really thought he appeared sincere, didn't he?
Nice try, dude, it was only a few moments ago you were showing off your Gallardo in a parking lot in Tokyo, and now you're telling everyone you're filling in some gap as a missionary for the Red Cross from your keyboard... the guy is so pathetic, he removes the *artist* in con-*artist*, he's just so bad at it. Even his Mt. Gox thing was the telling sign of things to come. Karpeles has somehow redeemed himself, which is to say hardly if at all, more than this clown from that fiasco by actually going to a Japanese prison where he had lost all that weight and has come out and sad he is trying cleaning up this mess and move on with his Life. (Fuck the State's prison system, but the guy got a really big Reality Check, whereas Ver simply kept up with his fabricated reality and has proven to be nothing short of cancer with deep pockets.)
@_date: 2018-08-17 23:36:55


2 is fine, memory is the issue, are you using SD media or HDD? Because SD's slow write and expense really creep up after 128gb, I had to stop running mine after that time, I have a ton of HDDs but none are over 120GB either. Bt thanks for doing that, 2 moths in and already getting your 1st node up, you'll fit in just fine. 
@_date: 2018-08-26 20:52:11


I have to say I don't often revel in it, but when it comes to these guys I have no remorse... at all. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 21:04:07
What's even funnier is that I can and have passed with laptops/phones/usb drives that did the same thing (offline cold storage) and no one batted an eye. I even put my wallet's mesh side up in the bin with a massive Bitcoin sign and QR code face up to see if they could denote anything (stupid, sure, but it was 4am and I had to do something for my adrenaline fix) and just swung by after my gate-rape.
I might have been singing Mdot strange - Bitcoin B in my head at the time, too. 
Protip: Wear multiple layers when getting gate raped, no law against that, I recommend 2-3 minimum; feels less rapey when the fags are digging into your balls, somehow.
@_date: 2018-08-21 20:21:23
If this were along an airport escalator I would have totally missed it, I'm afraid... but if you say its something that is widely used, I'll believe you. I didn't think half the shit that occurred post Maidan would have happened in Ukraine... 
How's life in Ukraine? I still want to go, I have this personal inner conflict that Czech Republic and Ukraine have the title for most Beautiful Women, and this needs to be remedied ASAP. ;) 
@_date: 2015-06-12 07:55:21
Any chance you have any interest in increasing your odds of *moon* by investing in the ecosystem itself? I mean this is a self-interested endeavour, much like how and why Andreesen is funding OpenBazzar. 
@_date: 2018-08-31 07:52:24
[Why is anyone surprised, maybe you guys forgot how BOA were stealing people's safe boxes during the lead up into the Banking Crisis.](
@_date: 2015-06-26 01:21:32
Good watch, the part about the father being of a generation which sought to make the World better via Science really struck a chord with me; and the dismay when you see brilliant minds dedicated to such vapid and myopic goals really cut deep. 
[I liked this video, too.](
If anyone with a youtube account can tip them a dollar and show it to me I'll match that to you via changetip. (I just don't want anything to do with google.)
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:23:09
OK, I want this to go somewhere, so where do I/we send the funds? It needs to be a multi-sig address.
Lighthouse is not something I really want to take the time to deal with right now, but what else currently exists?  
@_date: 2018-08-05 07:38:32
Is that a small Toro? I haven't seen those since the 90s and early 2000s in suburbia... 


Guess not. 


Be warned this is no small feat you won't want to repeat, so ask them to make sure you have the right additional piping to do drip irrigation later on; grass and shrubs are ok with sprinklers, but you're going to eventually upgrade to tulips--with no short of irony to all who see your yard-- when we hit a million/coin and they'll need specific irrigation needs for best care. ;) 
@_date: 2018-08-14 20:05:07
The trolls are relentless... bcash or buttcoin flavor? Or wait, what's the term? No-coiner?
I'm still buying, fag, 
@_date: 2018-08-05 22:28:39
But... bitcoin doesn't intrinsic value, right? This has to be the most hashing power dedicated to any single project in all of Human history, right?


21 likely made a killing from their venture, no one believes they got $300+ million to just make that 21 computer and some email thing and got a really nice buyout from CONbase, do they? Its a really sound strategy if you're willing to stomach the short term losses and have huge VC funds to weather the storm.
Which in the case of Samsung is realistically not an issue as it probably repersents less than 1% of all R/D costs for their operations, not sure about the Japanese corp (NGO?) though. Halong is another mystery to me as well.  
@_date: 2018-08-17 08:37:00
Why? I just saw a price rise of nearly $600 in a matter of hours since my claim to buy more... do you not like making your clients money, is that what garners you the title you throw around and expect others to care about?
Either way, keep collecting fees from pensioners, and gray haired old ladies with widow money and let us nerds continue to do 'our thing.'. 
@_date: 2018-08-31 07:05:14


Bwahahaha!!! This will never not feel good to hear, Wu and his ilk are so fucked. KYC and AML requirements for their miners sealed their fate, they don't have the capital/runway to keep going at this point and the house of cards is ready to fall--unless of course the Chinese government really does back these guys.
Either way their losses only verify what most knew all along about this project, it was farce then and even moreso now that we know how much they've lost. I really do hope Samsung double down and get Nvidia and even Apple to join in this space, and maybe get another 21 like project to come into this space again that is willing to push for open-source hardware. [I'm still waiting for the day I can buy my miner/node enabled fridge.](
@_date: 2018-08-06 09:27:12
Baden-Wrttemberg repping hard: fuck you, Deutsche bank!
@_date: 2015-06-23 00:33:48
Hence the name *Fiat*... does this really surprise anybody after 2008 when trillions were created globally in a Central-banker incest-orgy?
I mean even when a larger tyrant confiscates Ghadafi's or some other smaller despot's Swiss banks account I always see it as matter of a few keystrokes rather than a vault seizure. 
While the narrative of 'if you don't hold it you don't own it' is sound, it simply doesn't apply to any fiat, and if the masses were wiser they'd get that by now... but then *here we are.* 
@_date: 2018-08-03 04:11:44
Rich or Wealthy?
Two very different brackets entirely; and in my experience the Wealthy continue to invest into Wealth generating investments (Water/Food/Energy) that they know well enough and can sustain the losses in the short-term and make a killing regardless when they exit.
Real-estate is another long-game that seems to bode well, I did this (but I'm a peasant) any my land is worth 35% more than what I purchased it for and residential development (to my determent) is rearing its ugly head with every passing year, so when I get a good enough offer from developers that want water rights in the area: I'm cashing out!
As for crypto, you know the routine: BTMFD!
@_date: 2018-08-05 18:38:12
All of the above; but to correct you: Central Italy (Emilia Romagna), and yes and yes--look at my post history if you care enough. 
Though I'm not actually 'from' there, I just lived there for a while in the last years of the Montezemolo era and was immersed in the culture and served and had a lot of chats with a lot of the ragazzi from Ferarri factory in my kitchen and some more legacy families in Maranello.
@_date: 2018-08-30 06:57:36
I disagree. Bcash can exist as a trash alt hovering around 5 cents for all i care if we finally get rid of him. 
@_date: 2015-12-04 09:27:04
[This is why.]( 
Plus insert: yeswescan.jpeg
My issue isn't with Coinbase anymore, its with Bitcoiners who should know better by now. The shiftcard is a cool advent, but hardly convincing many by the sounds of it. Which in my view, is progress.


Clearly you haven't learned after who knows how many goxxings and exchange blow ups that if you don't hold the private keys, all you have are IOUs and not bitcoin. 
Learn to crypto.
@_date: 2018-08-14 19:26:18


No, its still pretty damn funny regardless, but not in a LOL way more like a snidey half chuckle kind of way; I just hope this wipes Ver, Wu and his ilk from this place for good, and we never have to see their horrendous face again.
Crypto Currency Dictionary; Definition: Law of dimensioning returns - See Bcash.
@_date: 2018-08-17 21:13:11
Listen, dude, I'm going to make it as simple as I can so even a person like you can understand: if you think seeing BTC and subsequently its value/token to operate on the most secure Network devised by Man at 5800 as a 'gamble' investment you clearly don't know what the hell you're talking about and should really consider other asset classes--for you or your clients--and perhaps even professions. 
I don't claim to know the Stock Market, its all bot trading, and things like derivatives/MBS/CDO etc... just infuriate me when I think about the economic disrepute they have caused the World over as they're always backed by the State.  However, I would never go into their spaces with any semblance of arrogance telling people that from my adept position what their risk appetite is or should be (~6% of networth, are you fucking kidding me?) and discourage them from on-boarding what is a massively undervalued asset, because idiots who only understand stocks and bonds want to create an ETF on BTC but keep getting their baby-nuts smacked every-time the SEC opens its mouth. And then after having shown 'supposed authority' figures significant increases in gains (in real time, mind you, as this occurred over the course of less than 24 hours from when I posted that) to them as evidence of why this was undervalued and still have them foment their stupidity and remain affixed in their position, its beyond comprehension for me. 
It doesn't take a person of your 'caliber' or 'title' to inform anyone of what this is if they understand some basic principals of technology and then when they see what WE have built thus far, with much more to come in the Future. 
And, yes, I say that specifically to exclude people like YOU from what I'm speaking of here. 
You're not special, you're not important, and you don't matter! People like you are free riders, parasitic even, and should be labeled as such. In fact, and I seldom say this to anyone that wants to join our community, but: go do something else!
EDIT: God damn it... I spent all that energy on an imbecile who posts on the Donald Trump subreddit, I'm an idiot. 
@_date: 2018-08-09 03:31:24


Let's see you speak French, let alone make Art as well as his, before you start correcting anyone about how they use the English diction; more over, 'wanna' is not a word, its neither a correct contraction nor is it an actual word. Your statement should read: 'I do not want to be a grammar Nazi, however, ...'
Also, your use of ellipses outside of the quotation at the end of such a sentence is sophomoric and indicates you don't know how to use them correctly as it adds nothing to your statement, a single period is appropriate here.
To OP: Saltu, c'est trs bien! (I think I got that, right, no?)
@_date: 2018-08-26 21:52:00
1 and 2 would be my choice, with 3 being start a local meetup and offer free food and drinks, doesn't have to be fancy stuff, pizza from costco and soda or lemonade is good enough for SpaceX, so its good enough for would-be crypto nerds.
In my preaching days I had to fight for people's attention on the ground level like some deluded missionary, now after years of having been on stages talking about this stuff I kind of want to withdraw from it all and I hope it goes back to being spread this way (locally) again by people like OP.
Its what made it 'real,' to me; being in a room full of equally crazy nerds talking about changing the Future of Humanity over something simple as slice of pizza and sharing ideas of how we'll get there and what it will look like. Somehow all of that gets lost within the hustle-bustle of conferences and selling your warez and you ultimately lose focus on what really matters.
@_date: 2015-06-22 23:42:57
I disagree with NullC in what they have to *achieve* to 'work' is subjective to the end user if we view them merely as tools, crypto is ultimately utilitarian, as are the usecase(s) to it 'working.' 
For example, I have yet to see why all this non-sense about sidechains and lightening network can be justified when a work around exists if you use any number of the alts with lower xt time(s) or those that are supported by Shapeshiter if 'time constraints' are the biggest issue driving you to create the aforementioned as they are instant confirmations. Coinomi's wallet allows you to convert back and forth for a negligible fee when compared to the obscene amount of resources and attention that is given to the aforementioned thus far--why we aren't building more cool shit than dealing with this topic is beyond me, worst yet are the personalities of some who seem to have verified my apprehension of them all along. (You know who you are.)
All of it seems like finding a disease to match a per-determined cure to me whilst marred by self-promotion and pathetic ego-stroking. With that said, I wouldn't bother investing large sums or holding any alts for extended periods of time for reasons Max described. That  doesn't mean they 'don't work.'
@_date: 2018-08-26 22:08:46


Ja, genau, ist fertig!
@_date: 2018-08-28 01:35:49


Oh, I wish they were even interested in doing that much, in fact its why I went... No one gives a fuck about Food Safety over there, that Walmart thing was a PR stunt. And Foster Farms actually already did that without a blockchain, so some good came out of it. 
What IBM are really into is pushing Hyperledger products on a SaaS basis, where they offer the platform for free, but want to charge to consult and implement using what they deem useful about a blockchain. Specifically for the fossilized banking system, which is still to this day managed by Windows XP machines.
Stellar is something they backed, too, which is as no surprise would have it: a Banking gateway tied to an alt. 
Its all very old World thinking, and had they bot let this blind them it would have put back Big Blue in contention for being a leader in Tech. Now, its just another has-been with more Federal Government contract bloat than anything else. 


While I somewhat agree, due to current sentiment at IBM; lots can be garnered from this information and implementation. But, I'm curious, what argument do you have against it?
I could have easily set that up using a RFID chip embedded to the freight that I require the company to use and monitor in real time (when it can have satellite connection) and track the GPS coordinates from farm to table with relative ease.  
IBM has been doing that for sometime now: 
@_date: 2018-08-21 20:32:49
That got his boy Shrem, another shady as fuck guy from the early days that tried to warm up to the State via the Foundation in NY and got burned in the process, and got him sent to prison when Lawsky tried to make a name for himself... Yeah, dude, I was there for that, too.


Cool, dude, well I take it you like bending over for him and making hallow rationalizations for his antics and portraying him as the supposed son of Christ figure who died for Man's sins and have thus seemingly become the personification for the metaphorical person I was speaking of in my argument(s) and have exemplified said position better than I ever could have.
However, if you're so inclined to be deluded by his 'rep' just do so with bcashers so the rest of us can have the Bitcoin we always wanted which placed a great(er) emphasis on decentralization and privacy above all things. And not make Heros of flawed Men. 
@_date: 2018-08-26 21:26:42


I thought the same, why anyone cares what this guy thinks without a single fucking pull request is lost on me.
Cool, you did some some innovative stuff in the 90s and your firm went nearly bankrupt in the process and your nepotism (Gates funding Apple) kept it a float until you were able to make user-friendly interfaces even a 3 year old could use for your smart phones, and made a killing, why should I care about your thoughts on fintech, again?
An affluent hardware engineer working in the Valley most of his life cannot fathom the importance of having a censorship resistance, distributed, decentralized network: how could he?
All he see's is a bunch of neckbeards working on the next cool thing eating away at the valley's VC money and short attention span and he wants to maintain relevance in the media as some inspired grand visionary.
He should get Apple to get into the ASIC market to eat up Bitmain's Market Share (they have the money to burn) and him running that operation, until then, I couldn't be bothered to read what this guys thinks: positive or otherwise.
@_date: 2018-08-06 09:11:59
Ironic sn/handle, no?
Yeah, it was something like that, seemed like a business partnership in which she wanted a reverse dowry more than a loving relationship to me, but what the hell do I know. I just looked at the poor dude like, 'I hope she's worth all of that' and went about my day after that meeting. 
@_date: 2018-08-30 07:01:09
Hey, this kind of makes it feel like the old days... Bitcoin (not alpaca) socks, cam girls, a post about Pineapple Fund. 
We're on a roll here. 
@_date: 2018-08-30 06:48:27


The guy is a total tool, I cannot fathom how anyone would pay to listen to this guy but I saw him listed on a conference out in SoCal soon and the tickets are like $200; I sat for like 2 mins of one of his YT videos while a friend of mine was bigging this guy up and how he made him XX returns before my eyes literally rolled out of my head. This was, of course, during the price rise in late 2017... so, anyone not stupid enough to sale prior to that was in the same boat.
I still think all Crypto TA is BS, particularly in a true Free Market, the only people who have any real sway in knowing price points at any given point are whales who do coordinated sells. Which is unfortunate in some ways, but in a financial sense still ok with me since my strategy has been to hold my coins and buy the dips.
This latest 5800 to 7k wasn't that bad, and I called out some 'supposed' Financial Advisor (some idiot from the Trump subreddit that posted here) for being a clown for thinking this was anything but temporary and easily recoverable--in less than 24 hours it went back up to nearly 7k. Now, this shows that someone who flat out says TA is BS in Bitcoin can get better results than these idiots who stare a t charts all day and make up theories and pointless rhetoric to justify their BS while the minority of us actually Buidl and understand the tech from the ground up and the immense uncertainty that comes with it.
I have at least 7.5 years of studying this tech, and building off of it in various Industries and while I'm confident in my buy-in points, often the lack of capital is my bigger issue due to the aforementioned 'BUIDLING,' I'd be lying if I said I had absolute certainty the price would do X at exactly this point.
These guys are the late-night infomercial personalities of Crypto. Total Charlatans. 
@_date: 2018-08-28 01:58:06
That was the goal (in part), moreover, to be able to have an exhaustive list entailing the externalities of shipping a good from one location to another and try to mitigate loss in the process, perhaps using machine learning to adapt to with ever-changing weather and conflict variations around the World.
Its easier said than done, but I still think it will take an IBM like corp to get it done, we open source nerds can only take that so far, we need the massive data pipe that only a Mega Corp like IBM has with current business partners, specifically with Ag/Food. 
@_date: 2018-08-14 19:55:07


Word. Buy the dip and give me reasons and reminders of why I'm as optimistic about this tech as I have been since 2011. 


I know everyone is super busy working on the tech, but what I found really useful was to create tiers of Content for users, tutorials and walkthroughs are good for intermediate users; but for complete novices making stuff like animated stuff that give 'visual learning' as to how the underlying tech works and its current and future usecases is super useful. 
With some hand holding you can easily bring them up to speed to get the m to use the aforementioned tutorials pretty soon, in my experience. 
PS: Nice one on the clubmate, I haven't had one in years! 
@_date: 2018-08-17 08:51:17
That'll show Musk and his Boring Company a thing or two... Flamethrowers are like THE litmus test for any real currencies' worth, fuck Aristotle's non-sense arguments about *properties*, if it can't help me shoot a flame with it: its simply not money!
Seriously though: don't use in fire-prone areas, or when intoxicated. Its not cool to see fires ravage an area and other people's property: been there, done that, probably still have some soot and residual smoke in my lungs from the affair. 
@_date: 2018-08-26 20:50:59
Alright, so I am getting my shirt after all?!
Ok, so who is in for the limited Edition 'IPO your mother if you want IPO' shirt to commemorate this event? Maybe I'll have that Ver rage pic on the back on a handful of special edition shirts.
I know a screen print guy at work and will sit down with him this week.
@_date: 2018-08-23 22:08:09




[They've resorted to the Nazi narrative and in-fighting, actually.](
Its ironic that a place that bans Mein Kampf, and Nazi symobolism for so long gets a sudden uproar of it when a distraction is required, isn't it? Seems people harboring those feelings still exist despite your perpetual censorship. 
The immigration situation is pretty stark in Germany, that's for sure, but I don't see another Rot Armee Fratkion taking on the State; that German citizen has long been de-fanged in exchange of promises of being the last bastion of stability in the crumbling EU. Plus E. Germany spying/surveillance type thing exists quite a lot in unified Germany, everyone feels the need to report and scrutinize their neighbor.    
Now Italy... that I can see, and Basque Country's ETA is due for a return after witnessing all the BS with imprisoning the ex-president and the farce that followed regarding Catalunya's independence. Radicalized Catalans are a thing now, too.
[I'm convinced English is now the accepted Universal language, for better or for worse, this is written in English when they speak Catalan in Catalunya, and Castillian in all of Spain.]( 
I saw versions of this so much in my travels around the World, specifically in Europe, when people of various cultures (of even neighboring countries!) of a specific age--millennial onward, but obviously variations do occur--want to communicate, often antagonistically, they use English! Its all rather weird, if I'm honest; I liked not being understood in a certain situation(s) when speaking in my native tongue, now I'm fucked and better become fully fluent in Bern-Deutsch, or as I call it: Verbal Cryptography.  
@_date: 2018-08-26 21:07:52
They were Friendster with Terms of Service that include: stealing your PC/Account and using your account and then giving it back to you when they felt it was no longer profitable to keep it from you any longer; using said account credentials to occasionally derail why you got the miner in the first place, and then laughing at you when they had a sort of spyware (Asic boost) system embedded into each device that skewed everything in their favor. Funding counter-productive efforts that fuck with the network... I can g on, but you get the analogy here. 
They're cancer, everyone should laud this day if and when this comes to fruition. 
The real question is where can I short bcash?
@_date: 2018-08-18 09:02:50
Didn't the Foundation of ETH get a substantial premine? 
[Yup, 72 million ETH according to this analysis.](
@_date: 2018-08-26 22:01:59
In a way, scarcity; albeit entirely detrimental in it being viewed as a currency for everyday use, but to be honest that doesn't really apply to Modern Bitcoin either.
I mean the network is good and we have low tx fees again, but most people are averse to using it unless their is a fundamental need in which fiat (and its default payment channels, CC/Cash) is not better suited and as an appreciating asset its hard for people to part with something that will be worth more 'tomorrow.' (That's an illusion, of course as its just gaging the devaluation of the fiat its measured in.)
As of writing this, this applies to such a small segment of the visible global economy, but take the time to read up on System D and see why and how this will pan out if we on board even a fraction of that and how this all changes as a result. If you're going to start promo'ing this you better be well-read in many areas; History, finance, economics and tech are the obvious. But you'll soon see yourself drawing more and more from Ancient and Modern Philosophy and various Sciences, some that you didn't even think were initially applicable.
@_date: 2015-12-07 01:45:03
Hopefully its adding used stuff to their wish list? Maybe a rewards card for their referral system? 
Either way, awesome to see and they deserve it, their service is tip-top.
@_date: 2018-08-05 19:19:15


It was cool, but we're still technically in the early years in my opinion; but yeah check out Jason's early days of Sean's Outpost and Satoshi Forest and the tons of give aways we had here for all kinds of random things (tipping tuesday?), we even had camgirls (Foxxxy) come help to raise funds for charities; someone recently reminded me of the time I gave discounts on Rpi to create more BTC nodes a while back etc... There was a lot of stupid drama, of course, but that was also the fun of it all, too.
I'm thinking of doing an e-scrap book of sorts to highlight all of this and the stuff we did on BTC-talk, anyone interested in crowdsourcing to help fund it? 
I think that now that we're past segwit and tthe bcash/Ver BS is behind us, we should really try and get it back to that fun place where we were those Nerds with fake intenet money having fun all the time. 
@_date: 2018-08-05 19:31:45
I'm pretty sure Woman are still the major buyers of those things, in frequency anyhow; its just that, as you have said, culture pressures presume that males should buy the most expensive one (isn't two with engagement and wedding bands being separate gifts) to prove something as trivial as it gets so some archaic Industry can continue to trudge along and report profits despite being disrupted long ago and having their MVP rendered obsolete. 
I met a guy who followed the cruise-liners from N. America in the Caribbean and S. Asia as a jewelery-maker, and he said as far as Westerners are concerned its old lady types are who buy in the largest numbers; often just to spend the money they have and not be able to return when they leave port, and would be carrying bags from McDonald's and such... and they wonder why obesity and heart disease are the major killers in the West.
Asia is a different bag altogether, if I remember correctly, as its woman but can often be young guys that are buying a ton of them in droves and asking for all kinds of 'Nouveau riche' designs.
[However, with that said...](
@_date: 2015-12-03 00:35:09
Buy now, hodl, buidl and cut your losses?
@_date: 2018-08-21 19:58:56
Listen, I'm not going to be taken to school by any percieved 
scholar in Ver History for the simple fact that the guy was a tool. 
His appearance in TV were why the guy was the worst, he didn't know the tech and it showed. How many interviews did this guy go on and misinform the people interviewing them was my question, maybe you remember his talks during the Foundation take over, the guy is a total imbecile, anyone taken in by that was only possible because they were unaware of the technologies mechanics themselves or simply a bigger idiot then him.
Blockchain.info was a buggy piece of shit wallet, that had a hacker (Joeho) who manipulated the R values [1] on thier wallet not been a white hat. they would have stolen everything from them and hey would have likely gone out of business for being so terrible about opsec. And this is a net-good, why?
Listen, i get it, it was early days after Satoshi left and people for some inexplicable reason--given it was mainly Cryptoanarchists back then--need to create heros, but this guy was a clown then and now. This is also marked when you saw a greater uptick of Libertarians, too, which swarmed in with their lazy conclusions and poor reasoning, I'm looking at you Vorhees, so maybe this played a bigger part in overall adoption than I'm giving it credit. The real question, I suppose, is at what cost?
[1]: 
@_date: 2018-08-28 00:04:39
Shrug... 
I respect the hell out of Neil Armstrong as a Human being, but he was a crazy kook who wanted to ban SpaceX from flying because it was averse to what he thought Aerospace was (National Pride and Political Supremacy). So, why would I care what Woz thinks when the best they could do with all that R&amp;D and massive Human and financial Capital that Apple has at its disposal they've only been able to make something like Apple Pay? Even Alt coin guys, for all their faults, see something in Bitcoin they want to or believe can be improved, why not start there?
He may not be affiliated with them anymore during this period post crypto, and thus the aforementioned argument has no bearing, however, I sincerely believe that unless someone has experienced  deliberate and targeted financial censorship, I don't think anyone will ever 'get' why this tech exists. Or having their savings wiped out because of hyper inflation etc... 
Why would such a person as Woznicak really care about this tech when so much of his perceived wealth is tied into the status quo? Someone mentioned above he sold it all at the top after talking it up, which is cool with me, but don't expected anyone to care what you think on the protocol is my position.
If you mean him as a person and his 'role' in tech... I don't really think Apple (and by extension him) played that big of a role in getting a PC into my personal hands, so his merits are unfelt to me.
In fact I had a shitty floppy disk Apple II in school (which was dated even when I saw it) that we were forced to have to use and I couldn't get why anyone cared about these things, even Oregon Trail was lame as hell when I had Super Nintendo or Sega at home. Especially when I had to memorize a keyboard before I could use one, it felt pointless.
It wasn't until the Internet came around that I found any utility in Computers at all, by which time (mid 90s?) Apple was moot and nearly bankrupt. At which time I was on some way over priced HP clone trying to understand why hexadecimal code could give me infinite ammo on video games via gameshark and learning to hack Sony's firmware. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 19:34:17


Seriously, Randy has been making efforts since what... late 2015, right? 
The guy really doesn't need the accolades or fame, he does it from a sincere place and wants to make an impact and lessen the misery held by the People's collective plight. 
Keep at it, brother!
@_date: 2018-08-17 23:20:12


Model S 75 can be had for less depending on what state/country with all the rebates you're in actually, the factory has been pushing them out in larger numbers even with the shutdowns for upgrades on the Model 3 line. Its one of the reasons they're doing better on cashflow despite Model 3 ramp up issues being so capital intensive.
But, and I'm guessing this is half the fun(bragging rights, Community inclusion) for half the shit we say we can buy crypto with, so you can tell your other nerd friends what you did with your fake money.
Honestly, its a practical car, but I'm not paying in crypto for any fucking car... ever. I'll pay fiat if Ihad it, or could make payments, but a depreciating asset like that for crypto is absurd. 
@_date: 2018-08-28 01:59:49
Ah, China FUD, it always comes too late after I want to buy. 
@_date: 2018-08-28 01:38:10
@_date: 2018-08-26 20:58:52


We'd finally rid ourselves of a massive tumor that has been destroying our metaphorical Health for way too long and can focus on the things that matter instead of the perpetual BS these guys have come up with (Asic boost, XT/Classic/Bcash) and all of the scams that have drained us of valuable talent and resources. 
There are other corps building ASIC chips, Samsung being the most notable, but GMO from Japan, and another Chinese firm, too. This may even encourage Nvidia to join the fray, they saw how fast those video cards were being bought up pissing of gamers, so they know there is money to be made if they put in the r/D. 
Overall, we'll be better off, even if the network difficulty has to adjust, I'm actually hoping we see a price drop at or around 5k so I can get more on the cheap in the process. 
@_date: 2015-06-01 05:33:56
It appeals to the lowest common denominator and offers instant gratification, and reduces the steep learning curve... but as you have stated: at what cost? 
Truthfully, I was an advocate and user before, I even wanted to work for them since they were bringing in big name merchants into the ecosystem, but then the spying was made public... and even proven ineffective at deterring phishing hacks and with that all the respect I had for them went out the door when they compromised all their worth for their 'profits over principles' business model. (God help you if you tried to log on with a different 2fa option, which is why I never got to close my account.)
In short, it went from a noob friendly on-ramp to become the antithesis of what Bitcoin was suppose to free us from. I don't begrudge Coinbase anymore, a business will continue to operate and cater to a demand if it exists, this is basic Market logic; instead my issue is now with Bitcoiners who know better but act otherwise. Those are subsequently the same ones screaming bloody murder around here when they get goxxed or hacked or they lost their private key/seed because they always relied on someone else to do the thinking for them--and with the innovations, resources and options that we have now in comparison to the old days 2009-2011, there is simply no excuse. 
@_date: 2018-08-23 00:29:12


I respect Abby as a person and as a journalist, she is actually pro-bitcoin and crypto from what I gathered, but how she can carry on with that Marxism narrative (past and current forms of) is beyond me, I mean I really want them to succeed in achieving said Civilization in which that all works for them, as I think Modern society must exist in plurality and some components seem eager to do away with things like Class and other divisive barriers and constructs that seem antithetical to Human prosperity and cohesion, but... this is delusional reasoning so long as you have a State in place, or even if the concept of the Nation-State exists. 
In fact, just looking over Bakunin's critiques of Marx written in the 20th Century would show why the devastation of Socialism-Marxism (both socially as well as economic) always ends the way it does in the 20th and 21st century, regardless of race/culture, Humanity while 'good' in many ways, will always be corrupted with Power no matter how lofty the rhetoric and that always leads to the regeneration of a State. 
I think they have the Right as Humans to attempt to do away with current ruling parties in the name of progress and try again, should they see fit, but this just looks like a vicious circle in which lots of people die for an Ideology that was meant to have a subservient populace at its very basis serve a ruling class of 'enlightened ones.' Centralization is the death of all broken systems, its just a matter of time before these vulnerabilities are exposed and exploited. 
Yeah, I don't think that video applies to a decentralized, uncensored, distributed an anti-fragile network at all--much less one built on the idea of ushering cryptoanarchy to the masses in the 21st century and specifically having anarcho-capitalist ideals built into its very core. Then again Medium is made up of so many hacks that will jump on anything trending to get clicks, so its hard to give them any credit, I mean look at how their writing style has been plagued by the use of limited attention-span medium seen in Social media; your writing shouldn't require memes to get your point across: your pen should. 
@_date: 2018-08-26 22:13:29
Is it? Segwit was a foregone conclusion, so scalaing was alredy in the pipeline, instead we have a network the FBI and DEA are encouraging criminals 'to keep using' because they can trace them. 
This speaks volumes of how we compromised security/privacy over this perilous tumor to me. Price and scalability follow a secure protocol, not the other way around... but whatever, 2nd layer is here and growing everyday, and Blockstream is finally focusing on privacy. But I certainly think we'd be better off not having to deal with this BS for what has been almost 4 years now. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 19:18:36
OK, this kind of shit needs o stop being repeated... when did 'we the community' ever like this guy? 
Barring his stupid antics trying to foment pseudo-intellectualism and lazy libertarian ideals it was very clear the guy had a very poor understanding of the tech. 
I was around back then, and can remember a handful of events that he mainly praised himself for could potentially be seen in that light: Buying a passport in the Caribbean with firework money and pontificated himself as victim of the State (mildly amusing at best: then and now), he helped fund Shapeshift at time such a thing was needed and then called out Vorhees when the bcash BS went down like a total drama queen chump, matched donation for Ross' legal fees (which really should have just been given to him as his retrial and subsequent sentence forgone conclusion, but whatever still nice things to do.) 
Other than that the guy has been nothing more than a lying, petulant, self-aggrandizing imbecilic attention whore that should really just do something to remedy his mental health issues. Such that when compared to an AA, who used to hang out here by the way, and was around the same time he was hardly ever 'liked.'  In fact him calling out AA for all the work he was doing, often at a loss, but not being a millionaire and thus a 'loser' he really showed what he was always about. 
Is there a way to ignore these posts via a filter or something, I'm tired of having to see his face and wish he'd just fuck off already. 
@_date: 2018-08-05 09:54:02
Ha, this isn't real is it? PS or not, this is the funniest thing I've seen posted here in a long time. 


Unfortunately, it was the parent company and the quality of road cars and the F1 team suffered because of it; the guy that brokered that deal and the Chrysler deal is dead, though. He was a total wanker trying to be the next Carlos Gohsn, and as expected no one brings that up now that he's dead. 
I'm no fan of Enzo and he was many things, but I'm pretty sure if he was still alive Marchionne would have been put in his place and made to find the cash to bank role the Scuderia at no interest a lot sooner.
@_date: 2018-08-28 00:46:11
Youtube mirror? I feel like scanning this later before I go to sleep.
@_date: 2018-08-05 07:55:17
Preface: What's even more ironic about the following statement is that I'm probably one of the few people to have ever paid for Starbucks with Bitcoin via NFC with the early version of Shakepay. It wasn't a game changer, it wasn't exciting, it was slow, clunky and the lady who took my $3 order didn't care what my nerd-isms meant, and was more irate with me that it took 3 times to work correctly because of their POS ingenico POS having issues reading my phone's tx. 
Who the fuck wrote this poor piece, some journo paid by Vermin in bcash?
Seriously, Bitcoin is not for buying coffee, it never was; people need to get this through their collective head's by now! 
Barring a LN tx as a proof of concept, why anyone is focusing on solving this 'problem' anymore is beyond me. Use fiat/CC like you did before, use crypto for things that matter.
@_date: 2018-08-14 19:31:33
I keep missing out on 5k because of this, let it slip, mofos! 
@_date: 2015-06-04 12:46:19


What the hell is this? 


Increasing the barrier of entry with a 5k application fee (likely requiring yearly renewal) is the last thing that the ecosystem needs. This is terrible when you consider that a large number of start ups are in California.  
This is not good news.
@_date: 2018-08-06 21:28:31
Yup, [one of my favorite ones,]( too; I actually lived through something that felt similar when working the drone life for a short period.
Fuck, that was depressing... Man was not meant for such level of monotony, how they convinced an entire office people this (albeit comfortable) prison was something they should do on a daily basis is beyond me. 


Get Solar, buy mining equipment: I bet recovering the expenses and getting an ROI is a lot faster that way than doing it your way. But just the maintenance costs on utilizing that energy seems like an engineering nightmare, the batteries storage alone with the energy required to all of this makes it untenable to me on a back of napkin sort of way.
@_date: 2015-06-10 14:21:34
This is how its done: vielen dank, kumpel!
100 bits
@_date: 2018-08-22 22:22:18
I really want this on a shirt if the deal breaks down, schadenfreude done exceptionally well, and a punchline years in the making. 
I'm thinking the Dorian 'nope' face with that underneath.  
@_date: 2018-08-11 08:46:46


What's crazy is how aggressive the DoJ went after VW management and execs, who are actually serving long sentences; whereas Bankers of all sorts were left to walk away with Golden Parachutes and pretty much left to their own devices ever since... Hell, Blythe's hideous face has been plaguing crypto since 2015 as a reminder that the derivates Market is capable of destroying the Global Economy. Dieselgate's alleged implications were not responsible for nearly a fraction of the immediate deaths, misery and poverty that occurred subsequently because of the crises even under the the most extreme analysis or claim(s).
[Incidentally, IBM was very keen on getting corps to adopt this for supply chain stuff using Hyperledger]( with a less than lukewarm response by most major corps over all; I come from the auto/tech Industry and I really wanted Tesla to adopt it as it would be really cool to move over to them, but after actually going for my first interview at the Factory I realized that they use an internal program (Warp) so they are unlikely to ever adopt it as so much relies on it as a core function for its ERP needs. And with Model 3 proving so hard to get down, and with Model Y, Semi and eventually the Roadster 2.0 is still waiting to be launched its unlikely integration is at all probable.
@_date: 2014-06-22 15:58:43


What he said. Mine for principle and security in the network, not for profit; those days are over. And mining equipment is a blackhole arms-race with mainly incompetents running them: Butterfly labs, CoinTerra etc... 
If I get access to another place with significant renewable energy capabilities I'm going to run a bunch of those USBs on one of my old laptops/PC and run an extra node to boot. I've had ideas of adapting a plant propagator inside a green house in the Winter or a chicken egg hatcher device to utilize the heat if I get really motivated. 
The fucking UK weather made it impossible for me to do a prototype this year despite having a significant solar panel array. Haha, but but back then I was more worried about the freezing water (solar heated) giving me a cold. 
@_date: 2014-05-16 12:55:52
Who's going to term the new word into the bitcoin lexicon that describes unfulfilled promises of signup bonuses on vapourware?
I submit the obvious candidate: Circle'd?
@_date: 2015-12-06 18:57:46
Please keep me posted, as I'm eager to see it; any screenshots from the proof of concept would be very helpful, especially the payment prompt and buttons.
@_date: 2014-08-13 09:32:00
Cool. A step in the right direction, guys; now address that digital fingerprinting issue so I can start buying again.


He may or may not, but if he is, he is not alone becasue I do take pleasure in it. [And so does this guy.]( 
@_date: 2018-08-23 21:44:10


Should of bought a Tesla, for crypto, then no one would bat an eye: he's just another techy nerd in CA in one of those.
Oh, you done fucked up, son:


Bitpay being more and more irrelevant by the day not withstanding, its very telling how they keep taking down small-change chumps like these in lieu of taking down a Geitner or a Corzine its more and more obvious how the US has a very obvious plutocratic legal system that not only serves them, but uses the largess from taxes to enforce their ability to deter any competition.  
@_date: 2018-08-17 23:33:57
All very true, and I approve of this message.
BUT don't forget: [Price Down, Pick up!](
@_date: 2018-08-28 00:50:51
Oh, that's it, pack it up, boys: its rapecoin now.
But, its funny how cyberpunk this is all getting, in order to avoid massive financial disrepute they use bitcoin. 
Remember those private keys, jell-o man.
@_date: 2018-08-05 09:30:01
Yikes, those are no joke, good to hear this worked out; oral hygiene is something that escalates in both graveness and cost exponentially a lot faster than you'd think until its too late.  
I had an oddly located cavity I neglected (after paying a high deductible for my wisdom teeth surgery) for a few years due to quiting my job and taking an apprenticeship in Europe, luckily I got away with a crown when I got back to the US but it could easily have been a root canal according to the DDS. 
I still think it was caused when the oral surgeon hit my molar with the drill as I had two procedures due to how awkward and impacted those 3 of 4 molars were. It was in the most unlikely location and couldn't be explained why or how as none of my other molars had the same level of damage.
@_date: 2014-06-14 16:40:35
Hold tight the Unsystem! 


I hope Todd is helping the Unsystem crew with his recent sell off profits.
I will donate when my coin stash gets over 0.X which I think will happen in the next 6 weeks as we're dealing with this dip from the 51% attack. 
@_date: 2014-08-16 17:35:30
Well, then we're half way there; how do we appeal to them to open source their experimental design, observations, data and conclusions? (A scientific paper like those submitted to peer-reviewed journals will suffice, and a comprhensive break down of its observations for the non-scientist; also perhaps an ongoing analysis and access to future studies like that done MDMA as it develops.)
I'm not interested in marketing-lobbying drug acceptance to 'dumb white people' in any capacity; I'm interested in aiding and providing educational tools for those whose lievlyhoods and personal welfare are ruined due to an inaccessibility to these medical solutions. Whether its legal or not is not my concern as we have many viable avenues for distribution for self-medication that undermine the very idea of 'legality.' 
@_date: 2018-08-21 20:39:19
Open invitation, I like it! 
  
@_date: 2014-07-29 06:49:46
I am not, I just returned home to California from Europe after being gone for 2 years--I wrote that when I was in the UK during my  apprenticeship in biodynamic agriculture. 
We can speak here if you'd like. I'm not a fan of social media and avoid it like the plauge, but I can make myself available to use encrypted forms of VoIP like Retroshare or mumble if you want to speak with me there. 
Let me know and we can work out the details.
Also, don't look at is a correction, I'm not one to correct how chartible efforts are made; its just that this level of Global poverty is in large part an outcome of modern 'formal education.' I speak from experience as a victim of it myself, and the one thing I wish someone would have done was given me the option to choose how I would learn instead of forcing me to comply to their model of *learning* or being *educated*.
@_date: 2014-05-30 13:01:03
*I am tired and sick beeing a PayPal bitch!!!*
These guys just keep putting a bigger target on their back to a ton of tech savvy users, they may currently have the numbers (market share) but ease of use (point and click) will only get you so far given how much momentum crypto is gaining every day. 
Their days are numbered, but it cannot come soon enough.
@_date: 2014-06-21 13:56:29
I hate to say this because its so black and white, and overlooking so many details and caveats, but compare this with say the former Yugoslavian civil war(s) and you can see why Bitcoin-bitcoin fucking matters. 
Why anyone thinks that a chart moving one way one day or the name of a fucking ubit or the source of some api no one in the right mind should use gets headlines while stuff like this that elevates us in terms of Human civilization/Society gets buried into obscurity makes me think how blind everyone is to what is at our fingertips. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 08:42:00
So, just out of curiosity, what are the exchange options for NZ? What is the community like, are there regular meetups; I mean this is certainly frustrating on the surface, but what it does is bring attention that ATMs are not a viable option--something I've felt all along.
I've been playing with the mycelium app on my phone since I got back to California and despite the large 'awareness' in California its still quite sparse to find buyers and sellers on it depending where I am on a given day. I mean for example Southern Orange county is absolutely barren, and the meet ups are not really all that frequent. I missed the last one because it was so last minute.


This should be a 'call to arms' so to speak (I hate war like rhetoric, but it shall suffice) to the community in NZ to get those meetups be where btc can flow. Fuck the bank's regulations, they can't stop that, plus if it all goes well home brews dotted all around NZ can be achieved for a fraction of the cost of what that ATM in that picture had to cost.
@_date: 2014-08-05 01:29:33
Even with Xapo renegging on its promises, I still don't value Circle's service, but if they gave a $50 bonus for issuing their purchases as cash advances it shows that they have some level of CS.
@_date: 2014-06-23 16:04:24
Or we could... you know keep working on getting merchant adoption for all vital things (food, water, shelter, utilities)--were getting there, mind you--with easy to use payment and transfer mechanisms and leave the festering carcass that is fiat behind. 
Nice idea, but unless they embrace anarchy along with it, I'm not interested in petitioning any nation-state for anything; I got into bitcoin to ctrl  + a + DEL them from History. 
@_date: 2014-07-24 11:00:34


They have to pay their PR department whom actively seek merchants attention that want to enter this space in perhaps the most seamless manner and a team who will implement this process: Overstock worked just like that and I highly suggest you listen to Patrick Bryne's interviews on the process. 


Did we not learn anything from the latest goxxing?


True, but its not like we don't know what kind of person we're dealing with, he has made it clear that bitcoins key demographic is *quaint,* and his ambitions on regulation are quite clear on that. Also, he missed his deadline with no explanation and has had what are at best gross oversights regarding launch date and invites. Lastly, what have we learned from no fee services business models post summer of Snowden? They will sell you data to the NSA, GCHQ, MI5/6 etc to recover their losses, this guy a VC he's not in the business of losing money.
@_date: 2015-06-04 12:51:04
Wait, didn't they state they were using doge as their currency?
I definitely am going to make plans and get over there and get a passport. I wonder if I can do it via proxy and I can get my people to get me one. 
Correction: *16. No law shall abridge the right of any person to use or issue any commodity or item as currency; nor shall the Public Administration of the Free Republic of Liberland engage in any form of monetary regulation or issue.*
[That was stated on their constitution,]( it seems more of an open platform rather than making any official national currency. Pretty cool. 
@_date: 2014-06-03 18:05:10
Level 1 accounts, yeah. Level 3's get instant access to $1k purchases.  
There are some delays in transferring out of Coinbase wallets, mainly because a majority of the coins held on Coinbase's online wallet are actually in cold storage. The longest I waited was 2,5 hours once during the high 400's recently. 
@_date: 2015-06-19 01:03:26
No. the PCs are back home, but I'll do that when I get back. Thanks.
@_date: 2018-08-05 18:31:33
Good? They have been making garbage for decades, Chrysler should have died back in the 90s, and if Lancia (awesome make)  finally went tits up then so should Fiat.
To Marchionne: 'va fan culo!'
@_date: 2014-05-29 16:40:03
Hence why I asked the community what is Birk's history and possible ties to entities known to lobby the State against bitcoin: Mastercard or other Banks... and can this be a conflict of interest when persuading those with a monopoly on violence and 'Law enforcement,' and have proven time and again to posses legal immunity from their overt acts of violence and murder upon the 'citizenry.' 
Maybe because you don't live there you don't care, but California is poised to be in the limelight if this is approved as mom and pop shop owners or business owners will no longer have the negative stigma associated to accepting bitcoin. This behind closed doors seminar just highlights how nefarious these actors are, I for one still have the Californian GMO labeling requirement still firmly burned in my memory. 
As an anarchist I wish I could just dismiss this and continue with my own affairs as I have thus far, but when cash is regularly confiscated by police and people are interrogated at airports for displaying or having bitcoin related wares on them one can easily see how this will play out. 
Your lack of reading comprehension skills are the only ridiculous thing, dude. 
@_date: 2014-06-22 15:07:45


*Free promo from one farmer to another*: 




South Carolina.
Why do people never bother to click links before they complain about a lack of info? That DDG search took all of 15 secs, mind you.
PS: I'll accept a regular order of 1 broiler and a dozen eggs to California for my PR, thanks. ;)
@_date: 2014-02-04 22:49:15
Did you get a question in? 
@_date: 2014-06-22 18:12:47


**...but if you want to put your money where your mouth is I, a Millennial, have an investment opportunity using blockchain technology to disrupt and decentralize the agricultural industry for your consideration ...to what degree you want the Community to be aware of your participation or lack thereof.** 
So, is that your answer?
@_date: 2014-06-01 16:42:23
So he did have to skype it in... I guess the State still considers him a flight-risk. 
I can't say I'm surprised. 
Any tl;dr?
@_date: 2014-06-02 14:50:02
Vitalik's speech starts @ 32:00. 
All credit goes to CEBX.
@_date: 2014-09-21 04:39:48
I work a 70+ hour/week job, but sure I can see that as opportunity. 


I intend to, its just the nearest one from my house and I had no way of buying food; little did I know they'd put my funds on hold forn an additional 12 days. Unfortuantely I don't have a car in Hawaii, which is wierd for a Californian, and public transportation isn't like in Europe so I can;t go across town at 1am. 
But, yeah, I need to look into better options; I mean I have a Charles Schwab account and for being an investment firm their checking account options are great. I want to use that as a plan B. 
@_date: 2014-08-06 13:21:51
Pfft... RS13's are where its at. No, but seriously: Moon suit!
@_date: 2014-06-24 17:51:26
Who the hell is this guy? I saw that skit posted the other day, is this someone in the community we should know? 
I have never seen this guy until now.
Plus this guy is an imbecile if he thinks bitcoin isn't charitable: do better research and lay off the ketamine, dude.
@_date: 2014-07-28 09:42:52


That is where the community needs to step up its game; both in person and online. [James is really the trailblazer with his online tutorials]( but when someone expresses interest, particularly if they aren't selling glass beads on hemp string or some such thing (no offense to those merchants, we love you too) but are offering vital goods/services such as housing in exchange for crypto, we should see it as a badge of honor to have gotten this person up to speed on what is perhaps the trickiest practical aspect to understand with bitcoin: security.
@_date: 2018-08-05 19:04:13


Agreed, I can't even wear watches despite having a few gifted to me over the years. It just feel awkward. Chains are for dogs.
If I had Bezo's level money I would have shorted all those diamond corps and had artificial diamond machines flood the market 24/7 through a series of shell corps all over the World via my warehouses and take a loss for how ever long it took to kill that Industry and cash the fuck out and focus on Space.
Blood diamonds are seriously the worst thing ever, rare Earth and some metals are at least justifiable (to a limited extent) to mine for Industry and Commercial applications as they cannot be replicated in a lab, but the Diamond Industry is one that should have been on its last legs as it entered the 21st Century if sanity prevailed. 
I literately heard a girl say that whole speech where 'a wedding ring should cost X month's of your yearly wage' and I was in disbelief that mentality still existed in 2018.
[Synthetic Diamonds are identical in visible luster and in just about every other property]( besides in telling people how many poor people had to die to get that on someone's ring. Its really barbaric.  
@_date: 2014-05-25 08:20:55
Off the top of my head there is a bar in the city that takes btc as well as a burger stand: 
Definitely hit up a coinscrum-bitcoin meetup, they have a pretty big turn out and they can direct you to their local spots, who know the owner might even be there: 
@_date: 2014-05-28 08:16:50
I'm afraid I have now directed my resources to a rather unexpected, albeit far more conducive to my end goals, career change: agriculture. 
Though I would like to continue to diagnose, and implement my observations from my independent research to patients-clients, it is unfortunate that at this time I cannot afford (money, legal or time wherewithal) to comply with all the red tape that it entails. 
But I'll save that link and take a more in depth look should that change. 
Thanks for the word of encouragement, and we have ['gotten the word out' in California; I was part of an effort to close down SONGS nuclear power plant, and we did in 2013] ( There is still much more to do, [especially with these idiots standing in the way] ( but the biggest hurdle which was to create a model for decommission and inform the people about the known and unknown dire implications of nuclear power has been accomplished now; which in turn empowers them to act in their self-interest (which is also a collective one) and ultimately take action as they see fit in their communities and address matters/concerns locally--decentralized solutions--is the underlying aim. When one see's what's at stake I think we all need to do more, including myself. 
Anyhow, best of luck on your future endeavors, and I will follow your progress. 
@_date: 2014-04-20 18:34:38
All credit goes to Brave New Books, consider [donating](
@_date: 2018-08-21 20:13:08
Yeah, I'm irate that this guy's perpetual presence is why scaling stalemates occur, HE FUNDS THEM! And we still haven't gotten privacy down and we have a huge gaping fucking vulnerability in regards to Blockchain forensics and  analytics by the State specifically because idiots like him are whitewashed as 'fallen angel' and have gained a position in which ht  can use his once untarnished reputation, his ineptitude and corruption to the detriment of what this was all about .
Maybe you don't see it, but Foundation hijacking and Classic/XT/Bcash are all the hurdles we needed to stall a very close to total anonymity application to BTC from being deployed, instead we got idiots following his diatribes about buying coffee with btc (I've done it, its nothing special) as the chief maxim and thus we derail progress for years while the State employs very effective tools to our detriment.
All I'm asking for is a thorough analysis of him so we can finally do away with him: Once and for all. The guy is and always was cancer. 
@_date: 2014-08-16 12:11:21
GTFO here with your psych 101 rhetoric, it all depnds on how and what you use your btc for: [watch and learn]( Otr play it safe and at least buy something from Reeds Jewlers. *(Note: This started off as a joke, but then I kind of remembered how many wife friendly merchants have come on board recently.)*
On topic: Cool video, and I'm glad I watched it as Andreas wasn't on for very long on the BItcoin group today. I have some varying opinions with Andreas on certain things, but I think its a clear that we are all working towards then same end goals, which is well articulated on his view of a Global community towards the end. 
Does anyone have posts/videos about Egyptions and St. Louis protestors exchanging info about being aggressed on by the rioting police? I remember something like this happening during the situation in Gaza back in 2012 amongst Greek and Spanish protestors reaching out to them. 
@_date: 2015-06-12 18:12:35
Not dumb at all, in fact quite pertinent, especially with this whole Blocksize debate that has been going on. 
I did see a drop in dl speeds when mine was on, I'm currently traveling for work so Its not on and in my backpack right now. But overall it was not bad, no noticeable buffer rates on netflix while I browsed and streamed music/video and my usenet speeds were at my full max dl when I wanted it to. Also you can throttle it to only upload at certain speeds. 
So, I'd say if you have a decent broadband connection and you want to run one to secure the network: do it! 
I'd actually stay away from using an sd card for storing the blockchain, the read/write speeds suck, and I actually killed one of mine when I first started it up to dl the blockchain. An external hdd or usb stick would be my choices. 
Do a search on here there is ton of resources about opening the port and limiting upload speeds, but this is my favorite walk through:
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:38:40
Node Tipping Wedensday?
@_date: 2014-06-22 17:57:46




I don't want to make this a US vs THEM thing, since there is no fucking argument that you (presumably) boomers are the worst fucking generation to have ever walked the Earth. 
But I will say this: What is this 2007-2008? 
You do realize that its Millennials that built Bitcoin to what it is, and continues to do so; here are some of the biggest names in the bitcoin space, and they all have many things in common, in addition to their age: Amir Taaki, Ross Ulbricht, Peter Todd, Andreas Antanopolous, Vitalik Buterin. 
You may have responded to troll-bait, but if you want to put your money where your mouth is I, a Millennial, have an investment opportunity using blockchain technology to disrupt and decentralize the agricultural industry for your consideration that I've built from the ground up and traveled all around Europe to refine; PM me to discuss the details and to what degree you want the Community to be aware of your participation or lack thereof. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 18:46:56
[They exist.]( 
@_date: 2014-06-19 01:08:06


We need meetups with a strong community and merchant base, along with regular Satoshi sqaures; bitcoin ATMs are passe at best, and aggravating to use at worst--especially Robocoin's processes' to acquire them tend to discourage newcomers. 
@_date: 2014-05-03 14:02:42
I'm glad you cleared that up, Amir; I'll send a donation and pm you the addy with confirmation. 
Keep up the good work, lads!
@_date: 2014-04-14 09:59:27
This isn't specifically for Amir, but rather for the whole Unsystem development team, of which Amir is a part of. 
As for Gui-fi, a funny way in which 'wifi' is pronounced in Spain, sounds like a Meshnet project from my brief DDG'ing--I'm committed to making that acronym a 'thing.' 
And here I thought Washington was the leader in this space for meshnet. Bravo to both, either way. 
@_date: 2018-08-18 08:56:09


How this guy went from hanging out with Unsystem and Amir in Catalunya to [rubbing elbows with the likes of Putin talking up the DAO]( etc... is still a huge fucking mystery to me. 
I secretly hope it was him who hacked the DAO and that those funds and profits made from it are being held for some re-boot of a version of Casa de La Montana on Mars or some sea-steading Ancapistan or something. One can dream, I suppose. 
The likelihood of all that being true is entirely unlikely, of course; but this just doesn't add up, ETH's mission statement is meandering and quite honestly still lost on me. 
Smart Contract were a a thing in Bitcoin since N-lock and multi-sig wallets, why go to such lengths knowing that? Greed and Pride are a hell of a thing, but, still this is one of those head scratchers.  
@_date: 2014-09-21 04:43:24
Great to see more local food producers and farmers embrace Bitcoin. Bits-n-mortar should do an episode entirely on farmers and food producers on them--I offered to do it this summer while I was back in California, but now I'm in Hawaii. 


Its vacum sealed, so it should be fine; while I have never bought from Pacific culture directly we often sent locally made Sauerkraut from Baden-Wrttemberg to Italy, England, and France that had similar packaging without any problem. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 06:48:05
Let them, I'm just waiting to dump there asses for a Credit union, if they want to pull a Draghi it would cause a capital flight into local CU's on a significant scale.
@_date: 2014-06-09 05:24:08
[Bravo] (
But don't be deterred from spending, just replenish it; at the very least tip or donate if you don't want to make bigger purchases if for nothing else to learn the mechanics of transfers--as well to support the community and ecosystem.
@_date: 2014-05-31 10:36:45
Big! Who's recording, I still remember the Cyprus Anthem when Sherm and company starting raving in the crowd while every square looked on in bemusement. 
Good times.
@_date: 2014-08-16 13:01:10
Based upon what analysis? 
@_date: 2014-01-24 22:04:00
It was the one listed under the donate button after confirming the amount, it said 'show address,' and appeared when you submit a donation. 
Oddly enough, its not working anymore and says that website doesn't exist when you try and submit a donation via bitpay. 
@_date: 2014-05-28 10:27:11
Robocoin... MASAKA! Sore wa mazui, mina! Hontoni waru desu!
@_date: 2014-04-24 04:49:14
Do yourself a favor and go to a meetup or local bitcoins and buy from there, the use of such an invasive ATM is the greatest fee of all. 
(If you're in a real pinch I will sell at 3%+ Coinbase for instant buys.)
@_date: 2014-06-01 10:16:30
Nice to meet big spenders, with deep pockets; [want to help out then] (
@_date: 2014-04-19 18:09:39
Perhaps Kryptokit is more for you. 
Dark wallet is fine and given that it was fully crowd funded the name has proven to not be a hindrance to the demographic it targets; which clearly is not you. 
Lucky for you, you have options. 
As for the 'Dark web,' I'll just direct you to a speech from two developers of the Tor Project, which address your concerns with the name and (more importantly) its VITAL USE IN THE WORLD better than I ever could: 
(Recommended follow up viewing: Applebaum's: To Protect and Infect speech.)
@_date: 2014-05-16 13:38:08
Well, I wanted to buy a plane ticket my Visa thinking that getting my stuff out of cold storage would take too much time to take advantage of the price savings on Kayak; but now $750 is in limbo until the 22nd and my plane ticket is now $230 dollars more expensive than on the 12th (and rising). :(
Take it from me: use cheapair with btc even if you have to take out of cold storage. 
@_date: 2014-03-28 20:40:12
How are things in Colorado? I'm more involved with the industrial hemp side of things, vicariously until 2015, but is (local) supply keeping up with the influx of demand or is much of the supply, indicative by strain(s), coming from NorCal, WA and BC?
I remember watching the VICE report with NASA guys coming in with VC money and it ending with the explosion (pun intended) of BHO and thinking I really just don't understand that Market what so ever and I kind of tuned out. 
Although I occasionally keep an eye on some outdoor grows and some genetic research being done at CSU for personal research purposes when time allows.
@_date: 2015-06-12 10:01:39


Lets get this rolling then!
100 bits
@_date: 2014-06-01 10:14:37


I'm making progress, I may now have some people on board, but just like anything else: its a work in progress. SUbject to many changes as we go along, but its worth doing.
So, I did manage to get on your website; it sent the email confirmation about 3 hours later. I'll be following your progress; all the best!
Did you ever get in touch with [Daniele] (
@_date: 2014-05-23 18:08:40
I'd like to make an open appeal to the community, I know I'm not really anyone of importance here, though I personally feel I have proven that I live up to my own convictions which can be verified by post history and those members in the community whom I have met in person; but, I hope we can overlook all of that because this isn't about me and solely place the focus where it actually matters: Paypal continues to close accounts unabated.
I want to make it clear that I do not speak on behalf of the person, whom I will speak of and I do so only as person who has followed and benefited from his continued efforts, which is why I'd like to get all the efforts of community members to participate so that we can as a community find a solution to this rather than make this about 'me doing something.'
Fukushima Diary, created by Ex-Tokyoite Iori Mochizuki, is a website that has kept up with daily updates and news insipte of perpetual Media blackouts on the matter since 3/11--March 11th, 2011 when the Tsunami struck the Fukushima Nuclear power plant and created a severe melt-through and the aftermath ever since. He did his at his own peril, he suffered what most refugees suffer: isolation, uncertain, inconvenient living circumstances and poverty; he's been living like a nomad moving from N. America and Europe for the past three years .
He has opposed the idea that the paid media and its cohort of presstitutes should dictate the importance of an ecological crisis that impacts us all: radionuclides do not recognise borders and traverse the [World in 40 days] ( 
He has since dedicated his entire life to finding a viable solution(s) for Japanese citizens who fear the [implications of remaining in Japan] ( but are bound to it because of their family responsibilities and the ever-diminishing working opportunities or housing issues outside of Japan in a World crippled by a global fiat ponzi scheme in collapse, all while operating and living a Spartan life out of Romania. 
There he has been translating and researching news articles, interviews and publications regarding the nuclear fallout and the abysmal the matter in which TEPCO, the rabidly nationalistic Japanese government, as well as the World's governments have failed to address the matter--this personally affirmed why I'm an anarchist. The Japanese government went as far as to impose incarceration for whistle-blowers in order to deter information and data opposing the State's propaganda.  
He recently found a promising prospect on a Japanese migration treaty with Holland that was 
lost in obscurity, he did this without a law degree mind you. He travelled to the Haugue and networked with local lawyers to get a better picture of it and formulate an assessment. 
[Recently Paypal decided to close his account and seized 2 months worth of his donations] ( which he uses to pay for his expenses: rent, food, etc... 
No reasons were given, and whether Paypal will disburse the funds in the allotted 6 months remains a mystery, and he writes:
*I still dont know the reason why that happened to me. Dont even know if my donation will be released in 6 months.*
*Some people recommend to me some alternative services to transfer money on the internet, but Im kinda starting to be wary of those services.*
**All of them can detain the balance whenever they want, none of them are under any kinds of the regulations. If it happened to PayPal, it can happen to other services too.**
So, I call on the community: lets get him up to speed on the security aspects of bitcoin, a 101 on how to use it, why its superior to legacy banking options and donate to him and this noble cause. 
We'll need Japanese speakers, Iori speaks English, but, like with anything, the biggest impacts is when one is spoken to in one's native language and is able to converse freely with another who speaks it fluently. Second we should try to generate as much attention to this matter as possible, make digital art, post the activity surrounding the matter on all social media outlets available, and lastly donate what you can; I only donated a small amount every month, but I laboured under the notion that every bit helps as a precursor of micropayments type of funding: unfortunately the one's who profited from these transactions reaching him would later take two months worth from what is in reality a financially poor person, thus confirming Paypal's negative stigma for nth time. I think we could all agree that this is something even [Dorian 'Satoshi' Nakamoto would be interested in funding due to the implications] ( 
This is why bitcoin/crypto-currency was created and perhaps more importantly why it matters; landing Amazon, NewEgg or any other reluctant monolith retailer after years of failed persuasion is insignificant and irrelevant. If I had a choice for why bitcoin would be in the Media's headlines once again it would be to see Iori being able to successfully finance his endeavour in Holland and helping the hapless victims of Japan due to this generous' community. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 18:24:30
With 2 major exchanges/sellers-buyers (Coinbase, Kraken) an ungodly amount of VC money, a huge core developer community in the bay area, and god knows how many start ups I'd say California is standing quite tall in all of this. 
Take a look at Coinmap for Holland, UK, Germany or any place claiming to be the 'crypto capital' and look at California's merchant adoption and recall that its population is about less than half of either nation. 
California has perhaps the most versatile and eclectic selection of merchants, but I just want to be clear: I'm not championing California to be crowned the pointless moniker of 'Crypto Capital', but other than hookers, which both the UK and Holland have, California is looking good in terms of merchant adoption--whether it's legal or illegal seems to be irrelevant in practice. Which is the best expectation any crypto-anarchist can have. 
@_date: 2014-05-30 19:13:14
Bueno, la cosa segira igual mientras que la gente sigue pensando en temas que lo unico valido es dinero del estado; solo quando eso deje de ser la cosa podra mejorar. 
La cosa que me intersa mucho es con la historia de anarchia en Espana (especialmente durante la guerra civil) por que la genete no esta mas desponible a usar lineas de credito o una moneda competitiva al euro... en Grecia se intento in 2008, y en Calafou hay pero en lugares como Valencia con politicos como Camps se ve venir como va la cosa y lo mejor es salir del sistema. 
Catalunya quirere seguir en la puta Union Europea y con todo el nationalismo y ideas de independicia me pregunto: la genete realmente no aprende ver da? Lo mismo con Scotlandia (Scotland en ingles, no se como se dice en Castelano al momento)... es como dar un paso adelante y luego dar un tiro al pie joder. 
Bueno, tio, que te vaya bien con la tienda, y ajola con todo el giri que pasa por ahi que pagara con bitcoin; mi familia tenia villas para aliquiler en Alicante in los 80-2001, se que es vivir de la gente que no le apetze sacar la bolsia: alemanes. Algunos seran majos quando estan pedo, pero, son muy agarados. 
Les tienes que contar una rollo sobre por que questa el jamon Iberico/Serrano questa lo que questa y quizas te lo compran... y en 'kliene' trozos. Es un puto jaleo, pero haceria falta en la economia local. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 02:36:52
Most people don't like being told the biggest obstacle in achieving their goals is in actuality themselves; I've seen it far too many times, I'm afraid. 
Karma is a funny thing, and while I cannot say I entirely ignore it, I'd rather have a lower one if it means having actual substance in my post history; I could probably say 'to the moon!' every other post and get the same amount of upvotes in a week on a throwaway that I have on this 6 month account. With that said bittips are a better form of positive reinforcement, and I'm glad to say I have gotten 2!
@_date: 2014-06-25 19:19:16
Never heard of them, and if it weren't for my terrible luck with my flight itinerary that forced me to go through Heathrow I would of never gone back to the UK. I always get that terrible oppressive, ominous feeling; I find it be an awful place to be avoided at all costs if possible. 
You guys seem cool outside of the UK, but once back inside you guys are completely intolerable. 
With that said, its not up to me, so... choose whatever off-shore account haven you want; chances are I won't use them since I'm already my own bank with Bitcoin so why would I?
@_date: 2014-06-25 06:59:42


:( 
I was hoping we wouldn't get circled, and I dismissed the negativity associated to it when they made this statement; I was actually looking forward to this as a critical component to a solution in a side project I've been working on for some time. 
Come on, Xapo, some of us got a lot more than 'seamless shopping' transactions riding on this.
@_date: 2014-06-28 16:12:22
Wow, where were you 4 months ago? You could of provided the hardware and fee re-payment and I could of pitched the idea and did the training on the ground... I had 5 merchants on board in the organic farming community in the Cornwall area, and then got zipzap'd. I was slowly working toward the demographics that go to the Eden project, too. 
Best of luck, you're going to need it. London is the only place I see worth even mentioning bitcoin in the UK. Are there any metrics for user adoption after that kick boxing, it went silent after it ended; and that whole Max Kaiser 'work' was so embarrasing I actually stopped watching the Kaiser Report.  
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:43:44
And while I'm glad this has occurred, on some level it is the inevitable backlash against anti-competition business practices, I would have preferred to see these kind of videos emerge en masse after the 'Summer of Snowden.'
Either way, thanks for sharing and enjoy the blockchain.info app. 
@_date: 2014-06-17 18:14:45


Yes, and untold amounts of misery, bloodshed, bondage, revolutions occurred as a result of having non-commodity, trust-based systems backing them: I highly suggest people read Debt the first 5000 years. While the author's ties to Occupy made me apprehensive, and the book was recommended to me by a friend who is a communist anarchist, I have to say a great deal of detail is paid to empirical, and historical facts to make this point to the reader--ideology and utopian hints are sprinkled every now and then, though. I disagree with the Author's conclusions entirely, but still its a good read. 


Walk me through such a process, please. And show me a successful project which has utilized this mechanism to achieve these ends. 
@_date: 2014-06-25 04:22:04


Nah, this Italy; they call them bunga-bunga's and are handled by ex-super models and under age North African's. 


I had high hopes for Italy in the cryto community, which diminished in 2013 when I went there; now I'm more reserved on my outview, if they can catch up to Spain's early days I'll be happy. They have so much abandoned land/villages that they could get an eco-tech village with such a small outlay, and if you go further south PV may actually be viable. I only have experience with the North, but I worked with guys from the South and they told me its almost like Southern California with mild and sunny winters. 
Plus organic food commands such a high price in Italy, perhaps only second to Switzerland in my experience, that it begs for a return of agrarian-agorism and the decentralization of the food supply and its respective logistics--which just like in any Mediterranean culture is more than just 'food.' 
@_date: 2014-02-03 00:25:40
But to be fair, Indian food has always had a pre-masticated-and-then-digested appearance to it; not the most visually appealing or tasty cuisine for that matter. 
With that said: Kanst du nicht kaufen rusti oder lpler Maccaroni mit bitcoin in Die Schweiz Jetzt? 
I'm glad to see enthusiasts making progress in Switzerland, do you regularly go to the meetings in Zurich?
@_date: 2014-06-08 15:47:14
Dude, if you want to sale you have some options in the UK. Meet ups are the best but then there is IWBT:
You have options, what you did instead of exercising them is write a rant when you should of have been doing research and engaging with the local community to solve these perceived shortcomings; and if a solution doesn't exist make one. 
You're dealing with nascent technology, bootstrapping is part of the open source movement; this isn't a turn-key solution, not yet at least, and if it discourages the masses for the time being, so be it. They'll adopt sooner than later when the learning curve becomes narrower over time. 
Also having been in the city (London) more times than I'd like I'd agree that, yes, despite there being 3 atms drugs are still by far easier to procure than bitcoin. VASTLY! But blame the market response from your coke and heroin fiend bankers and associated cronies that run amok there for that. (I have no issue with any drug, its just that is how these imbeciles are able to rehypothicate the World's GDP a million times over while having toxic levels of coke in their system, and they get away with it.)
@_date: 2014-05-03 08:00:00
Thanks for hosting--or should I say letting Cody host--and best of luck on Ross' fundraiser. Feel free to include details of it your public address here for awareness of your efforts.
@_date: 2014-07-28 04:29:47
If you're in Southern Germany (Munich, Bavaria) and want to go to Switzerland I know of a ridesharing platform where you can float the idea of bitcoin for services rendered before you make a payment; I got a ride from Zurich to Bern and the only reason the driver didn't accept bitcoin for payent was because neither of has had a smartphone, plus my German sucks. Also the platform is for more than just CH, and DE, just change the little flag to Greece, Italy, Spain etc... take a look:
@_date: 2014-06-22 15:47:19
Getting a prostitute (Senator) into the Whore house (office) is not 'doing something big.' Go back to the drawing board and imagine how many small businesses you could help bootstrap with those limited resources and how building the infrastructure for the ecosystem and community is actually doing *something big*.
Its very clear: there is no political solution to our problems. Any labour, resources, illusion of it will likely see more people end up like Shrem. 
TRY AGAIN.
@_date: 2014-08-13 09:51:19
Tell Alex to infiltrate thr Bohemian Grove again, and use facial recognition software on the edited version; I'll pay for a pay-per-view of that. 
@_date: 2018-08-31 06:58:06


He's too busy calling attention to himself and dropping LSD in weird hats in Puerto Rico and posing for the media as he fancies himself a nation builder, not realizing that people inclined to do such things Historically do not ask for permission. 
Interesting idea, and if they pull it off I will be the first to congratulate their success, but as of right now it remains to be seen what his goal is other than self-promotion. Odd considering his rather less than stellar reputation not just in crypto but his background as a whole. 
@_date: 2014-11-10 02:53:32


2 females actually... 
Cool hangout space I'll have to make it out there in 2015, are there any devs in the community? 
What is the [specs on that zenbox]( it has a camera on top like a roboCON; why not just run a homebrew if this is a hackerspace to show (and highlight) the in's-out's of a decentralized Bitcoin?
Edit: Nevermind... There are better options, guys. 
@_date: 2014-07-04 00:03:24
So, I'm about to sit down and listen to this; I'm quite excited to hear your proposition more in depth.
@_date: 2014-05-31 14:48:56
Well, at least it wasn't *soonish.* So that's a plus... 
@_date: 2014-06-09 18:15:51


Where do I collect?


@_date: 2014-04-02 23:14:45
I'd recommend sitting down and re-watching these videos as many times it takes to comprehend the process--prudence is its own reward in this case. 
I personally didn't have to make 'sloppy wallets' as I don't fear 'onlookers' stealing my funds, though I cannot see how using low milibit(s) transactions to overcome the steep learning curve is a bad thing; however, I made physical copies and still hold my private keys on excel files made on a Ubuntu Live CD boot up (not connected to the internet) on a usb--which are also encrypted with AES encryption. 
These can be transferred to a hot-wallet(s) at will to a bitcoin.info wallet using the latter video's methods for purchases. 
**How to make cold storage wallets**
**How to send funds from cold wallet to hot wallet**
@_date: 2014-05-30 10:12:17
Shrem is out of house arrest? Or is he doing a VoIP thing? 
Can anyone record the segments, or will this be live streamed?
@_date: 2014-06-20 19:51:59


Its not just the US, they have been hounded by the Germans and the French trying get every little rappen they can to paper over their failed EU ambitions. They'll likely cave into them as well, which is why money has been flowing out of there and into Asia and British commonwealths/isles and the Caribbean. 
@_date: 2014-06-15 00:24:24
Brian, I want to commend you for taking the initiative to engage the community on this matter; the fact that I'm not a miner and haven't actually set my own node due to constant travel (I may buy one on a VPN, but I haven't looked into it due the aforementioned) leaves me without much insight to give on our current dilemma, yet this leaves me asking why so many are diverting their hashing power to this knowing of its potential danger to compromise the very premise of the blockchain: de-centralization.   
Even if [Ghash is working on this, as some one here posted,]( the [Community must ensure that decentralization is not just a mantra but held as our very maxim. Unorthodox measures must be taken if needed and should be lauded] ( but Brian's proposal seems quite effective, too; provide said miners with a financial incentive to divert their hashing power away from Ghash--a Market based solution is always better than having to be reduced to such a wasteful use of finite resources. 
With that said, I really want to be involved with the Coinbase team now more than ever, and I will work on my CV to target a position I have been postponing to apply for due to other commitments because this proves to me why you have such a large marketshare. You actually earned it providing goods/services and are actively working to advance the ecosystem from a self-interested position that ultimately provides a benefit to all in the bitcoin community. 
Thanks, again as both a bitcoin user as well as a person with a vested interest in seeing crypto emerge away from its speculative commodity phase into the 'great equalizer' in a true Free Market in our lifetime. 
You'll be hearing from me soon via application, I already have an idea of a photo to submit when I do apply that I think you may appreciate. I should be back home in California by the end of this weekend and I already know what I'm going to do. 
Ladies and gentlemen of the bitcoin community: this is how a CEO of a bitcoin company should address pressing issues that threaten our collective interests in crypto currency: appealing to the community with innovative problem solving skills. (I hope you're taking notes, Magical Tux; not that anyone will ever trust you again.)
I look forward to your progress, Brian and I will follow this thread. 
 
Upvoted and Karma given.
Edit: Grammar. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 15:14:49
Peter, I'm at a loss here; in a recent [interview]( you said that a [51% attack] ( was a at worst a minor inconvenience in the long run and now you pulled out 50%?
I understand this is savvy risk management, if anything you can sell at a profit and buy now after taking some profit. But beyond just converting to fiat I want to know more about your concerns. 


Please elaborate. 
@_date: 2014-01-23 00:19:25
So I haven't kept up with these ATMs since the one in BC launched, but I have one question: the articles states it 'offers' finger-printing, does that mean its an option or a requirement? 
Either way, I prefer the Satoshi Square model of buying, ATMs may be a catalyst to spur interest, but nothing more. Staoshi Square is like a real-life confirmation on the blockchain unfolding with everyone watching and agreeing the sale-transfer took place.
@_date: 2014-08-13 13:22:56
I agree many of the aspects that encompass the practices are esoteric and arcane, many of which I have some crticisisms of, but I defy you to take a blind test and not notice a night/day differnce in the end product. 
But, yes, I personally think Steiner and his almost cult personality is a diservice to the biodynamic agricultural practice, Biodynamics is bigger than Steiner, it always has been but the most vocal amongst us believe otherwise (and I can say this is a cultural factor more than anything having worked where it is most commonplace in the World); so move away from the idea he is the focal point and simply look at this from an analysis of product X vs Y and it becomes very obvious. 
Supersition is the immediate reaction for what you read, and it was mine at first as well, but since the spirtual aspect that is center in biodynamics has always resonated with me I was more receptive to its potential benefits. I was just as skeptical, if not more than yourself, due to my scientific background and approach to problem solving.
But once I employed the methods the devlopment of the crop and the end product speaks for itself, thus holding up for the need to base my views on emperical evidence--I used controls during my apprenticeship as well, and their were differnces, some more obvious than others. I have also worked on several organic and permaculture farms as well, and its just not the same. (I have also given a hand on conventional farms as personal favors to friends, and what they do there isn't even worth mentioning if we solely judge them on thier end products.)
But what you are seemingly unaware of is that Science and Spirtuality often overlap: [Newton was a devout Christian and used the bible to create modern physics]( Are either of us misguided? 
Scrutinize them for yourself and you decide.
Note: You may be a troll but I think this is how I wanted to exit this thread anyway.
@_date: 2018-08-21 20:46:49
This reminds me of when I told my friend to flip a hard u-turn, lifting a wheel on his rented Ford SUV in the process, when I saw a couple of kids making Lemonade in a nearby neighborhood while we were headed for his routine morning starbucks run, in December no less, and chatted the kids up a bit about commerce. I think I bought 3 cups, of what tasted like over sweetened koolaid, I probably would have bought 10 cups just to prove to my then crypto-skepitcal friend that you could use it to 'buy stuff.'
Ironically, I'd use that same Starbucks to pay for coffee (i think it was actually green tea as I don't like caffeine) years later and use btc to buy it. Subsequently that guy went in hard on various alts, too, and decided to quit his job and go back to school for renewable energy.
@_date: 2014-02-09 19:02:04
$28-35 premium is unacceptable. 
@_date: 2018-08-28 01:49:11
They don't promote Decentralization in fact they are almost entirely against it, they want you to use their Cloud with Hyperledger based products and services. 




Oh, they do, just check out their Quantum computing project they showed off at CES: 
The problem is they are only interested if they can apply 20th century monopolization business models, if not they can just 'vie' for more government money (Federal contracts).
@_date: 2014-06-17 14:06:03


You do realize what the timing of the White Paper coincided with, right?: 


You didn't answer the question; you iaverted it by re-iterating an obvious statement which I had included in my own question. So, lets try this again: How is Ripple better that the aforementioned options. And how is the Laymen less savvy about them, as Tatiana-coin is an example of a laymen working with the community to get her project off the ground. 


My argument: **Price of Ripple Plummets as Co-Founder Plans 9 Billion XRP Selloff**
Edit: mixed up dates, it was Jan. 3, 2009. Not March 24th 2009 as alluded, but the point the White paper is in direct opposition to US TARP bailouts, and is clear to anyone who was aware/victim of said event. 
@_date: 2014-08-12 09:54:27
This is deplorable but expected; it seems like it was poorly thought out, too--she should of at least sprung for the checked in baggage and stuffed it in that, jokes on her for cheaping out on the $25 cost and now it cost her $41k. I mean if you flee with your life's saving it should be something you put a great deal of though into, not stuff into a bra when you will have to pass through multipble metal dectors; though perhaps in her mind she forgot that in her 70 odd year she let a tyrannical State emerge capable of asset stripping any pleb unabated. (I'll stop here before I go on my diatribe about boomers.)
Unfortunately, and I say this with my experience traveling in both the US and Europe, the odds are stacked against her getting anything back. I witnissed some deplorable behaviour on the border of Switzerland and Italy; these guys shake down the easiest prey and let the big fish roll on by while they strut and flaunt tthier wealth. And in the US it was no different. 


None, the same goes for old men; I saw it with my own eyes. 
@_date: 2014-06-11 20:18:19


Cosa?! Per que, la ATM di Lamassu e una cosa superiore, scusa pero questo robocoin e una merda! 
Just another reason to supprt and go to your local meetups and Localbitcoins when they get over **thier** issues to purchase bitcoin. Anyone with myclium done any purchases in Italy?
Edit: What an odd bot, but ok, you got me; I was thinking in Italian and overlooked that typo. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 20:37:31
And also explains about the fallacy of the *doomsday threats* of a 51% attack; I still have some reservations and would prefer the hashing power not being concentrated in that manner, but the mining difficulty will always correct itself in the long-term. 
He is certainly a person whose views I respect, and his efforts with Stealth Wallets and Coin Join are highly commendable and are the precursor for Dark Wallet. 
@_date: 2014-06-21 16:14:37
Is this taking into account that some bitcoin mining farms, are actually on agriculture farms powered with renewable energy sources?
So the system that we are trying to undo is over 99.9% more energy inefficient... so can we get the Green types to stop using Visa/MC and get a wallet on blockchain.info now?
@_date: 2018-08-17 08:34:08
Thiel was and will always remain too much of a Statist profiteer (Libertarian) to ever have implemented this; Elon, however... I have my serious doubts, but maybe. He was ousted of his own company, and he left with a nice buyout and went on to pour all of his money into SpaceX and Tesla, so who knows.
Either way, Paypal is a perversion of whatever it was 'intended' to be and deserves to die a horrid, brutal death via fintech disruption: Crypto, in particular Bitcoin, has played a massive role in that. But its been more a of a 'death by a 1000 cuts' kin kind of an ordeal so far.  
@_date: 2014-08-13 05:49:08
I disagree, I think decentralized solutions like bitsumo are much better than a large monolith like Rakuten adopting it, sure it may provide short-term gains, but with a smaller more efficent business you don't deal with intermediarires who will place add-on charges the whole way or can specify on getting used products. 
Example: I used Rakuten to buy a kotatsu heater for my prototype kotatsu table, I ideally wanted a Japanese made unit from the early 90's or late 80's since it was just a working prototype; instead I was limited to buying an inferior Chinese one because I couldn't set up a yahoo auction account being from the US, and the extra charges from sending it from Yahoo auctions to Rakuten to me would have been exorbirant. 
So I compromised and got a newer Chinese model that cost over $70 which turned on, but did little else and the mounting brackets made my life a fucking nightmare when I had to fab up some fire resitant heat shielding. 
At least with a decentralized system you can appeal to local residents in a given country **to buy what you want** instead of *what is available.*


And I'll take your psuedo-day-trader coins on the cheap, thanks!


You are, hence my post above.
PS: Let me know if anyone wants a hand-made artisan wooden kotatsu, if I find the time I'd like to start fabbing them again towards the winter and will start taking pre-orders. I got everything documented and is open-source. 
@_date: 2014-05-01 22:22:11
I've been waiting for this, I played with the pre-alpha and I was wondering if the next release would include test net; awesome stuff! Amazing work, Unsystem! Keep it up.
Did you happen to record the cryptotalk show? The podcast isn't up yet and I missed it. 
So with that said, is that a Joker or Guido beat in the video? It has a Bristol-purple vibe to it, it's particularly jokeri'sh at 1:30.   
*It also works with Ubuntu/Linux Chromium so you can run it off of a live CD.*
@_date: 2014-05-16 13:51:20
As a coinbase user, I welcome the competition; but circle will remain in the vapourware category until they actually produce/release something. 
So with that said, I'd stick with Coinbase if their turnover from BTC to fiat was reduced to 24-36 hours (I don't use it often). I can live with the small fees given that it helps build the ecosystem by supporting a business that actively brings in top merchants in. 
Circle has an uphill battle given all its media attention, while coinbase has proven itself as a trustworthy entity during the November run up and aftermath, albeit with some battle scars.
@_date: 2014-06-09 12:40:28


Not in the majority of BTC holders club...
@_date: 2014-05-30 16:42:58
Ya, tio, pero eso es por que con la crisis la gente tiene que horar donde puede; y lo poco en lo que se puede gastar hay que interar un desquento. Con la puta crisis ya en su 5 ano es que la cosa esta chunga... no estamos para regalar nada; patetico, pero es asi. 
Y de donede eres, que si me dices Catalunya solo te dire: NORMAL!
@_date: 2014-06-09 22:00:33
Or you can buy your groceries at an organic farmer's market that are more receptive to accepting crypto and in turn [eat real food with those rare things called nutrients, vitamins and minerals] (
I think the barrier of entry for crytpo into certain industries is actually spurring growth in other far more viable sectors; Super Markets vs Farmer's Markets/Merchants is the one I'm most involved in. Its still early days, but if you're serious in becoming a regular customer speak up, your opinion matters to the farmer-grower.
Or hell start up a community based garden in your neighborhood and place a crypto based reward and value system. 
In summary: I don't see a problem here, I only see short-term solutions and work-arounds for low hanging fruit. 
@_date: 2014-05-30 14:15:01
*in a world with OpenBazaar*
So is this out the beta stage and up and running? Details?
How did they get over the lack of trust and arbitrator restrictions: proof of delivery to release multi-sig funds? 
This was my biggest concern with Dark Market. I mean unless the UnSysytem guys were willing vouch for everything and put their name behind every transaction, a terrible concept since Dark Wallet needs to be further refined, effectively putting a target for themselves with the likes of Interpol or MI6. 
@_date: 2014-05-29 12:29:10
Damn, there goes my idea of a witty bitcoin business name, back to the drawing board...
But seriously its good to see farmers not finishing their cattle on corn or soy products for that last push to tip the scales for a few dollars more.  I'm guessing that in Florida you can graze all year? 
I take it these are also hormone and antibiotic free cattle?
Anyhow, congrats and thank you for making the relationship between agriculture and crypto that much stronger; as a fellow farmer (owner and soon to be lead-master gardener) I commend your efforts! I'd like to try your beef, but I'm committed to doing everything in my power to eat local, or within a 200 mile radius, but if I'm ever in Florida I'll look you up.
@_date: 2014-05-16 13:43:06
Well, I wanted to buy a plane ticket my Visa thinking that getting my stuff out of cold storage would take too much time to take advantage of the price savings on Kayak; but now $750 is in limbo until the 22nd and my plane ticket is now $230 dollars more expensive than on the 12th (and rising). :(
Take it from me: use cheapair with btc even if you have to take out of cold storage.
@_date: 2014-07-17 09:12:30
Keep us posted; I actually have a proposal I want to float to a few people and I'd like a review on this. I actually refrained from the negativity towards the deadlines, it wasn't easy, and I'm eager to see what this will do for adoption and a side project I have going. 
@_date: 2014-08-11 13:49:47
I have been to London 3 times this year; I think I took the bus(es) in Janurary and then again in late March early April when I went back to Europe. 
Accoridng to Top gear, cycling in London is well, check for yourself:
*Get a car*
@_date: 2014-06-28 20:32:22


Haha... 
And no, France isn't; in all actuality they have been cracking down on sex workers for some time; which is another reason why French bitcoiners should be helping out that side of the economy. Germany, Holland and Switzerland are more open about its existence and use in their economy and I guess the UK is more receptive as well. 
Big talk from these worthless bastards considering they are fucking enslaving the masses with the use of fiat. 
That barbara parasite alludes to what happens when the State tries to crack down on something. Crypto and sex workers are something that just makes sense. 


While its unlikely to predate all of the others, prostitution definitely predates farming; agriculture is only estimated to be around 10,000 years old: at best. 
Nomadic people were certainly selling their young women into prostitution long before that for goods/services. 
Human history is certainly quite sordid; especially when it comes to matters revolving sexual activity. According to Debt: the first 5000 years, even remote tribes held this odd role playing death scene with an orgy at the end to bring other tribesmen together for commerce and such. Odd stuff that makes visiting a brothel and paying the sex worker by the hour look almost childish. Progress?
@_date: 2014-07-28 12:34:12
1. Deposit, I'm not sure, but I don't think I was asked to when deposited it from my blockchain.info wallet when I sold some back in May. But withdraw has the option to be notified and confirmed before sent, and I think its wise its always on. Coinbase as wallet? Well, if its for small amounts, and you absolutely must I guess you could use it as a hot wallet.
2. Yes, that is standard upon login, but as someone else mentioned their are other options (I never bothered with them) once you're logged on I suppose and god help you if you have a foreign phone number in a different country, I just tried to get a transfer and these Authy bastards required me to upload a passport or id picture for the phone number change, they presume I'm not aware of what happened to all those gox victims.
But do yourself a favor, dude:
Or if you have to use a 3rd party service, blockchain.info at least gives you the private keys. 
@_date: 2014-06-01 16:59:27
Tell me about it. [1,] ( [2](
And today I just got stuck with some more delays on that very same checking account despite making an in person transfer (Wednesday) that is supposed clear in 48 hours. 
And I'm having to make due with dry snack foods (home-made trail mix) and water instead of having a proper meal for the last 36 hours whilst I travel. 
I long for the day of being un-banked because bitcoin made them obsolete. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 18:29:50
Have license, will drive for crypto!
@_date: 2014-01-24 20:08:41


Weekend trip to Holland? 
But seriously, cold storage half and sell the other half for liquidity to purchase on this drop would be my strategy; and leave some for charitable causes. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 14:43:47


As do I, in fact I'm constantly traveling between the EU/UK (with and without the euro) and Switzerland and I have to take an opposing position and say carrying cash is absurd when traveling. The USD may be king in certain parts of Asia and N. and S. America, but in Europe its rarely accepted. But credit cards and associated fees are hardly better, either. 
The fees they tack on at an institutional exchange (airports will rape you blind) is abysmal, I had to take out 700 CHF to go on holiday in Croatia in December and in total with all fees associated from going from USD to CHF to HRK was about 50 USD.
ATM fees can be circumvented with certain accounts, specifically Charles Schwab trading with checking that has free international ATM withdraws. 
Luckily, I'm going back to the US soon and I won't have to deal with these matters much anymore. Furthermore, I'm going to try as much to transact as much as possible in btc since I'm from California with a great deal of merchant adoption relative to many countries where I have worked in and I will be in Colorado in the near future where I hope to be expanding merchant adoption in the agriculture (veg/cattle/cannabis) community and pertinent good/service providers who have draconian banking laws imposed upon them. 
Its ripe ground for crypto and I'd really like to work with the community to make that happen, Coinbase merchant wallet and Dark Wallet is the obvious solution, but I'm open to suggestions. 
@_date: 2014-06-20 16:14:21
I dig the home-brew look; I'm pretty sure these are stand alone with members of staff of the cafe on hand to help if needed. That is how it was with the cafe where I used a Lamassu anyway. Though Oak or Mahogany with Tung oil would have been the High Roller's weapon of choice for an encasement. 
This isn't ideal, but it is certainly an improvement to not having anything. Which of course can be overcome by having weekly bitcoin meet ups/satoshi squares. But I already discussed this with the owner/guy who launched this... so.
Now, you guys need to set up a meet up at the gas station in Greely to get some gas and make PR waves so we can forget all this Coinbase FUD. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 23:07:20
And this is why Peter Schiff can go fuck himself and we can forget his name around here; PM and crypto just makes sense. There is no reason to get some guy to antagonize one holder or the other with abysmal leaps of logic simply to make headlines for his floundering enterprise. 
@_date: 2014-06-19 14:23:05


So are you guys already established there, Vitalik? I just left Zurich and was waiting to hear back about that BBQ that never happened a few months ago while I was in Zurich in the Spring. 
Oh, well, I wanted to congratulate you on that 100k in person and speak a little more in depth about what and how the applications of Ethereum can help with something I'm currently involved with. 
Perhaps we can discuss this elsewhere? This is a pressing issue that I wanted to talk to Amir about, but his focus should be on Dark Wallet, which is kind of what I'm alluding to. 
PM me with an email addy, yeah?
Speak to you soon.
@_date: 2014-10-14 09:02:08
What do you hope to achieve by bringing in a Senate advisor other than the obvious ploy to obtain political clout?
Is computer fingerprinitng your customers here to stay? And could explain and ultimately justify its implemtation and continued use with actual figures and metrics in which they have detered phishing attacks, hacks etc...
@_date: 2014-08-05 01:25:26
I'm deeply dissapointed as this was a vital component to one of my projects, setting me back about 5-9 months of work; but I'll have to take some solace in the belief that the Xapo team will come through in the long run. 
I will refrain from any further commenting on the matter or looking at Xapo related posts here, I will just periodicly look at the blog for any progress. 
@_date: 2014-02-03 15:48:40
Ha, at least you can withstand this bombardment with some level of humor; either way, *guten appetit, ja?*
Hmm, well, I work closely within organic agriculture communities throughout Europe, a place where bitcoin is crucially needed, so for me it was more like using double cream from the early morning milking and quark made from the evening's milking from a farm and topped with 3 month Emantaller all made within 15km, but... yeah, I get what you're saying and I have an active role in making a difference in trying to rectify that (with modest success). 
Drop me a pm if you ever get a chance to go to a meetup.
@_date: 2014-06-07 07:06:27
Its actually not just MMJ dispensaries that can benefit from crypto but also farmers; I won't go into all the details now, but I'm involved in the Colorado agriculture community--just completed my apprenticeship as a Master biodynamic gardener and owner of farm land in Colorado--and right now the supposed 'legislation' created to aid business owners and farmers with ties to the cannabis industry (Marijuana or hemp related) are actually barring them from having bank accounts or getting lines of credit. Its all dependent on the federal reserve approval that is unlikely to get approved, and requires you to show proof of 'distress' caused by the current banking system as a business owner.
I have so much on my plate right now, but I'm actually trying to get in touch with key members of the community: Unsystem, Etherum guys to see if we can get a working un-banked model up and running before this fall harvest. Darkwallet is the best alternative, but not really user-friendly.
Its a challenge but this is really what crypto was made for, not short term volatility chasing. 
Colorado is fertile grounds for crypto moving forward:
Bit pay won't touch the, but coinbase still hasn't made up there mind but these are the obvious solutions:
@_date: 2014-04-19 17:57:37
Amir Taaki and Adam B. Levine at Bitcoin Expo in Toronto.
All credit to BravetheWorld, consider [donating](
*I had the chaotic joy of running around with Amir Taaki (listed by Forbes as one of the top 30 entrepreneurs of 2014) at Toronto's bitcoin expo. A big congratulations to him on winning the Hackathon with "Dark Market," his open source take on Silk Road.*
@_date: 2014-06-22 15:21:32
Underfunded... not really, most core devs are early adopters... some having worked for tech giants before: no names will be given. 
Understaffed? Absolutely! So learn to code! (I'm getting started today in fact at [Codecademy]( Wish me luck!
[But if any of you guys missed his speech, its not to be missed, the guy knows the philosophy and roots of crypto-anarchy and anarcho-capitalism very well!](
Well done, Patrick! Now you'll be the most hated guy on Wall street... again. Truly a badge of honor amongst the community here. 
@_date: 2014-05-04 23:17:54
Two links for you to research your own *facts*:
I just had to add this:
*The large conference room where the event took place was big enough to hold 100 people, according to EIKE, but 130 climate experts from various fields packed the room full.*
Does the print media see the writing on the wall as to why readers are leaving in droves? EIKE asks. Its little wonder. The readers want to see objective information, and not eco-propaganda.
As it stands, one has to consider the often sworn free, objective German media as definitely having reached communist East Germany media levels, EIKE added.
@_date: 2014-05-25 10:24:54
Adoption will always be an issue when you're taking on entrenched entities who have held a monopoly on a sector for decades, especially when using a cryptocurrency based monetary protocol which is still in a nascent stage of development.
The best think you can two can do is incentivize people to use it to make their sales, offer a few bits like faucets and consider it the Marketing budget outlay to do so. 
@_date: 2014-06-28 07:13:53


Agreed; entrepreneurs are welcome here. Student loans may have been immnesly stupid for a decpreciating asset like most worthless degrees that system churns out, but if I'm honest I regret working and paying out of pocket through university; perhaps not as much as you, but still I'm pissed off the more I think about it. Some of the greatest years of my life reduced to poverty and mere survival because of it... 
@_date: 2014-06-09 00:20:35
Bittylicious and zipzap broke my heart a while ago, I'm forced to have to avoid them now like a jaded lover:
@_date: 2014-05-30 13:25:59
Partners with no issues with bitcoin obsession: 
Just saying... 
@_date: 2014-05-28 20:31:59
Unlikely, they let me trade with that deposit, but they refuse to let me transfer it into my checking account for cash withdraw. 
Its really a convoluted way to operate, but the underlying point is being missed: centralized solutions to finances do not work. And I have been a satisfied customer of Charles Schwab thus far, they are certainly the best when it comes to no fee transfers on international atm withdraws which helps me as I travel often.  
@_date: 2014-05-29 17:03:15
Bitcoin: Blockchain monetary protocol based on consensus based open ledger 
bitcoin: Currency application
And Circle's ceo said that we anarchists are irrelevant and our ideas are antiquated and quaint, to put it mildly. So, no... its not all the same. 
I'm all for choice, but facts are facts; and Circle cannot even be compared to Coinbase, not now nor ever in my opinion when they keep doing this for the ecosystem.
@_date: 2014-07-28 04:09:15
Market cap is too large for that in my opinion, we're far more liquid these days. But I'd like to see some trading volume numbers just in case, scour the blockchain txs since Fridays 'dip' and get back to us. There have to be some metrics to give better clarity on teh matter, I'm not a trader, and I only have wisdom open for refrence to my bi-monthly buys, otherwise I simply don't care. 
PS: LOL, *dip*...
@_date: 2014-04-26 03:43:47
Judging by the title I thought I was in r/GoneWild for a second... and now upon clicking I'm like Super-fly Tnt, and the Guns of the Navarone!
@_date: 2014-08-05 11:13:50


[There are.] ( I signed up with them in mid July, and other than not getting the right area code that I wanted, I used a gift card to buy it so I will change it this month with my prefrerred area code, its been an ok mobile option, I just need to learn how to shut off the random radio/news feed when it dials. 
I don't have many complaints with their service other than not letting me get a package because I'm not in NY. I mean if I really feel like bitching I'd say they should get there forum and CSR email responses down to a max of 48 hours, but I found what I needed after some ddg'ing on the net anyhow. 
Oh, and fuck Brock and Go-coin... I hope coinbase snatches them when they start to scale. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 21:13:22
I thought the same, but lets just give them time; its only round 1, and these guys have access some of the best research labs in the World--the only discernible silver-lining to overpaying for tuition for what is essentially online for free. 
The 2.0 stuff is interesting, so are there any ambtions to use [Onarbor] ( for any of these projects? He is also a MIT Alumni doing cancer research and is also on Reddit: 
With that said: CalTech its time to get involved, especially now that bitcoin is 'legal.'
@_date: 2014-05-02 16:24:19
Amir Taaki, Cody Wilson, discuss Dark Wallet and Dark Market and its applications and philosophical implications; they are later joined with Peter Todd, Justice and Erik.
Please consider donating to [Ross Ulbricht's fundraiser](
@_date: 2014-06-20 19:36:07


So does anyone actually have any metrics for the one in Zurich and Geneva? Because I was the only one that used it at a bitcoin meetup in Zurich back in May, and then this last Saturday I saw exactly 0 people using the mod'd one. 
Also, why do they seem to be cornering the market and vilifying Bitcoin Suisse AG and Lamassu units to remove the option to use their online wallets/QR code on their mobiles?
This screams of the typical Swiss collusion-cartel MO.  
Oh, and just so its clear [Bitcoin Suisse AG was the crew behind getting an ATM sent over for the Bitcoin boulevard in Holland at the last minute,] ( they are part of the community; and the Geneva bitcoin group is tiny in comparison to the one in Zurich so I cannot imagine their being that much traffic on the SBEX (who/what the hell is that?). 
As I said, this screams of the collusion, back door dealings that make things run 'seamlessly' in Switzerland--and since its Geneva it especially stinks of it. Its a cool place, well the People are anyway, but its just as corrupt as London or New York just at a much smaller scale. 
@_date: 2014-05-30 10:00:59
Send them to me, my offer stands.
@_date: 2014-06-07 07:15:58
Has the ['pointless waste of money'] ( slot already been taken? If not, I'll take that one.
@_date: 2014-05-16 18:09:52
Well its quite simple really, I was wondering if the time from selling bitcoin for USD on Coinbase can be expedited from its current average (3-5 days); because at current rates its difficult to liquidate btc for USD for places that do not take bitcoin if made for time sensitive purchases.  
I don't think the support staff can do much about my issue with my [VISA issue]( though. 
Edit: Why did your message appear differently only seconds earlier and now appears unedited? Thanks for the referral anyway.
@_date: 2014-03-28 20:20:45
Swiss banks won't touch US citizens/passport holders, even with permits. You will get eaten alive using your bank account to withdraw cash using banks in Switzerland. 
Bitcoin can only circumvent this if you have someone lined up to exchange BTC to fiat because the ATM in Geneva is a Bitacess unit (Fiat to BTC only). 
However, and I'm not advocating this in anyway, and I highly stress you do your own due diligence given the history of exchanges, but I just came across this post on BT.org: 
I'd open an account just in case they offer BTC to CHF by the time you arrive to have as a plan B. Last resort is to get a Charles Schwabb broker account with a checking account with ATM fee waivers. 
Or, and this is really reminding me why I hate the legacy banking model, you can jump the border to Germany, Italy or France if you have a ATM alliance bank account (Bank of America etc...) and take out large sums. Just be warned, Euros are not always accepted everywhere and coins will be turned away on Switzerland. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 11:57:37
Its not beyond me to state the obvious: this is blatantly manufactured, glossy tear-jerk PR for the disenfranchised to feed upon and repeat the same cycle of debt and serfdom. 
But that entrepreneur story really resonates with me; I'm bootstrapping my business and having to work 11+ hour days of manual labor and then having to do enough Market research to maintain relevance on the other side of the World, keep up with advances in crypto to achieve these goals, reaching and collaborating with people in 4 different time zones etc... 
And yet I think the hardest thing to accept is that applicable knowledge, productivity and wealth creation have all become a liability, not an asset in the perverted financial system we've been coerced into; its impossible to ignore how the corrupt or the corruptible are able to amass so much in so little time, which ultimately further concentrates wealth in the hands of the most nefarious in the World which further prolongs the collective misery by mis-allocating resources to the least productive people and endeavours.  
To: Amex PR and Market team - I just have in thing to say to you: In Crypto I trust. 
@_date: 2014-05-30 13:12:32
[Remember this?](
@_date: 2014-05-30 13:42:12
If you get involved with a similar initiative I'll consider a donation:
@_date: 2014-02-04 21:47:48
All credit to: IamSatoshi; Aaron couples
Andreas M. Antonopoulos - Live - Coinscrum - Alternative Stage - London
Recorded By IamSatoshi - Audio By Aaron couples - London, February 2014
@_date: 2014-03-02 19:03:05
Hmm... you're right I presumed  delivered on their promise but went unnoticed due to the Goxxing, unfortunately I cannot find anything that supports that; nor is their website complete with the same deadline: Feb, 2014.
I guess its just 2-3 low volume exchanges, Localbitcoin and Kraken left in the UK now.
@_date: 2014-11-03 03:51:36
Agreed wholeheartedly. 
[OnArbor] ( is an avenue-platform trying to achieve just that; centralized funding for scientific research is the bane for progress in Society as a whole. One needs to only look at the collusion between major universities, and petro chemical companies to see biased the views in the peer reviewed process: UC Berkely-UCBP comes to mind. 
I'll have a listen, but this is something that I had thought blockchain technology would be teh first thing to address not a rush to be the first ATM or some other vapid  and short-sighted *accolade*.
@_date: 2014-05-17 11:25:13
Agreed, I have worked in and with organic, permaculture and biodynamic farmers in over 10 European countries and while they are at first skeptical and doubtful, when they hear about the possibility of instant payments, low cost POS systems and lower overheads than VISA/Mastercard they tend to be far more receptive to the idea of using 'magic wizard internet money' for their goods/services.
The media is certainly not helping with their constant spotlight on dread's alleged hits, Mt. Gox, 25% VAT propositions, Dorian's doxxing and the other endless list of FUD the pressititues can conjure up.
But the learning curve is steep, and to date Bitpay is still a challenge for most of the owners/growers to adopt, they are lost when they hear crypto-currency, api, public and private address, cold storage, hot wallets etc... let alone manage to get them to work effectively. I offered to spend time with the staff on checkout solutions, who are often the children and a bit more tech savvy; however, just like anything else they are reluctant of the idea that cash exchanges or card swipes are not taking place in front of them as their products walk out the door. Although, that is to be expected for a culture (agriculture is certainly a culture) that is realistically still stuck in the 18th century for the most part. 
What did work in my experience was to offer to use my coinbase account for accepting payments with daily payouts (to fiat) on my end. Its far from ideal, but baby steps are they only way to persuade 5 organic merchants to accept them at a farmers market. It fell through at the end, but it was a worthwhile endeavour. 
With that said, agriculture, ISPs and energy (like that utility in Holland) are really the sectors that motivate me most to bring in crypto-anarchy's decentralized business models and will definitely make the biggest impact in the ecosystem: not landing fucking Amazon, Fry's, Newegg et al. Desalination water stations would also be huge, but those outlays are often in the billions, so realistically not yet on bitcoin's horizon. But one day...
@_date: 2014-06-19 13:50:59
Circle'd, bro; its called getting Circle'd.
So, can we all say it together? If Karpelles is to Goxxed then Vapourware is? 
The answer is: Circle'd


Yeah, those guys are just lining up dying to use btc, right? What with having suffered its 9th or 10th death according to the presstitutes et al... 
@_date: 2014-07-28 01:44:08
I'd learn to use TOR, or buy a VPN?
I've made many great efforts to never go to that place, going so far as to fly throughout the entire US just to avoid going to JFK/LaGuardia and this is just another reminder why; New York is not only making itself obsolete in this space as time passes, its doing it to itself.
But to answer your question: Ben Lawskey's initiative for bit license has about as much worth as that village drunks rantings about his alien abduction: its best if it were ignored altogether, the more attention they can garner the greater validation they feel they possess. As an anarchist I don't purposely seek confrontation, I seek to simply ignore it and bypass it; plus I'm from California... so this is amusing--though I admit its less so than I wish it were--to see NY descend further into the cesspool it has become.
Hey, JFK US Customs/DHS if you're reading this: Fuck you!
@_date: 2014-01-23 21:21:36
Wouldn't mining be the best solution for interested parties in Iceland?
If nothing else I'm sure getting involved with these guys should be straight-forward enough: 
@_date: 2014-06-24 16:41:45
Read all about it:
@_date: 2014-06-08 12:51:11
I'm looking at CalTech adopting it before Stanford. 
@_date: 2018-08-14 20:25:52


That was a nice buy-in, late 2014 was another good one during Bear-Whale, but I was remote and had no access until I got back to the mainland.
I would have sold at least half to buy in more later, though. 20k was untenable, and the hype was absurd. 
Still, its not a bad play, you haven't lost a thing until you exchange for fiat or alts so... 
@_date: 2014-06-25 15:21:47
Pass, I have a coinbase account, but you guys really dropped the ball on merchant adoption within the organic community in the UK--I talked you guys up as much as I could and I damaged my own reputation in the process. Granted, you weren't alone in this screw up, but I don't see it recovering anytime soon. 
Plus, I'm no longer there, so either way I cannot. Plus the fees were always absurd for any seasoned user. 
@_date: 2014-06-11 21:10:32
Hmm, this is clearly the precursor for another 'China bans bitcoin' price drop. How kind of the ruling oligarchy to show the peasent train-riding masses what they cannot ever use or own. 
In other news, an influx of train routes to Hong Kong have been added to the daily train schedule.
@_date: 2014-06-27 18:38:11
I always wondered if anyone was actually willing to stand in between the freeway while waiting for the next tram/metro thing to come by and feel safe. 
I hate going to LA, the traffic sucks, but its not like the public transaportation system is any better; I used to take the coast liner plus a bunch of trolly/tram things from S. OC to San Diego and while ok, it takes too damn long; my trip was almost 4.5 hours from SJC to San Diego center.   
Oh, yeah,  cool sticker and all that... 
@_date: 2014-10-13 11:18:50
Details: stat!
@_date: 2014-06-09 23:16:09
Ok, I'll let you downvote me some more; I have stated my argument and I have nothing else to add to it as it stands strongly on its own merits.
Perhaps you should live up to your SN and delve a bit further into history lessons on what the US has a long history of doing with annexed territories to the determent of said territories--that link I provided about Utah is unbiased as it gives both perspectives and gives historical context for their positions.  
And for the record its not just the US who I hold such scorn for, but rather of the very notion of accepting that humanity can be enslaved by a cabal of corrupt members identifying themselves as *political class* who enrich themselves by the bondage of the masses which subsequently creates misery and agony for the rest of us and is ultimately maintained using violence as the chief method to achieve their avarice, plundering and rape. 
I hate the US empire as much as I hate the Roman, British, Spanish, Dutch, Portgeuse, French, Prussian empires.
@_date: 2014-06-07 23:21:37
I'm glad to hear that from someone who knows him quite intimately; Cody Wilson may have more refined rhetoric skills, but every time Amir speaks you know his intentions and ideals are what motivate him. 
That kind of sincerity, and dedication is really what makes him who he is in my opinion. His viwes not withstanding, you have to respect him for the dedication and conviction to his views, if nothing else. 
With that said, he and I have interests that overlap, and we've spoken about it; I look forward to the day we can finally collaborate for what I think are mutually beneficial aims. 
Even if I have to wait a while, I think the experience is worthwhile. But for now, please just keep working on that Alpha guys!
@_date: 2014-01-24 20:24:20
Indeed, but can we highlight the fact that TOR has only received .0001 since they adopted the payment process.
@_date: 2014-05-30 13:32:25
Nah, I'd rather see another [iphone destruction contest.](
**Calling all early adopters**: come you guys, you can spare the coin with this new rise in price. iPhone for androids 2.0 needs to happen.
@_date: 2014-07-14 04:02:57
Was that Mike Hearn narrating this? 
@_date: 2014-08-16 13:11:04
Right, Keiser is still on the Bitcoin thing despit his (laughable) foray with Maxcoin... cool, yeah, whatever.
And despite being an early adopted he still asks for crowdsourcing funds for what are blatantly stupid attempts of PR instead of using his own coin and paying the billboard artists himself and subsequent laborers with his funds and filming the process as form of media attnetion for said people to his wide audience. 
So, if I underatand this correcly he believes in Bitcoin, but expects you to pay for his projects to do so. Pass. If anyting Keiser should be a leading angel investor in this space if he really believes in what he says. I mean if can do it, why can't he?
Now this potato salad thing was worth looking into, [anyone in Ohio want to bring that guy up to speed on using crypto for charitable opportunities? He is apprently thinking about having a huge party there according to his interview.](
@_date: 2014-06-25 15:44:56


Well, I should think not if you aren't attending these events. 
Ok, we'll leave it at that, I don't care enough to take this any further, but its almost unbelievable you didn't know about this as Jersey has that reputation not just in the UK, but throughout the World. How can a local not know about this? Especially the attention the cover-up the BBC did in conjunction with the Royal family.  
Also, I thought all the surfers were in Cornwall?
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:16:15
[Solution] (
@_date: 2014-07-26 08:27:56
Great, I guess... But what I'm really interested in is when will the headline read: Xapo now issues debit card? 
ANX card option may exist, with some rather hefty fees associated to it that will curb a great deal of enthusiasm, but I want see what Xapo has come out since they are VC backed. 
@_date: 2014-01-19 22:56:49
I'd like to volunteer to setup an intermediate wallet on Coinbase, so as to avoid any extra taxation and the steep learning curve to implement as soon as possible; you will be able to see and verify transfers with the public key on Blockchain.info during sales and I can provide bi-weekly disbursements (you choose the days) to a desired wallet for your access on wallet only you/the owner have access to. 
PM me if you want to go ahead and we can work out the details. This will be done with absolute disclosure for bitcoin's community to see and we can have a running thread here or a blog. 
This is what Bitcoin was meant for, not fucking trolling Amazon and the like to take our 'fake wizard money.' Get with the program, r/bitcoin! This is what we need to encourage! These guys were having government thugs harassing and closing their venues not long ago. 
@_date: 2014-07-25 23:49:04
While I was initially taken in by the headline, I was startled by the following: 
*The 43-year-old visited the construction of the Delhi transit station  a few years ago and was disturbed by the sight of  many children  playing at the site instead of attending school.*
Just so you know the origins of modern academia (and many would argue the post industrial revolution labor market and finance system) has its roots in Prussian and Indian military class hierarchy/caste system.
While initially I was actually encouraged by the idea of a man taking it upon himself to undertake such a task, I'm reminded of what and how pedagogy is rationalized: just as the path to hell, it is equally paved with good intentions. 
I wish those children well, however they may chose to persue thier education, which isn't strictly limited to labouring in front of an authority figure who assumes the role of gatekeeper into enlightenment as it is portrayed in a 'class room.'


Support your local farmer, or begin an alt coin for a community garden; I'm the former and I'm currently undertaking the challenge of becoming the first biodynamic farm to accept bitcoin by 2015; ask me anything you want to know and I'll try and help and make that happen. I traveled extensively around Europe from 2012-14 throughout my apprenticeship and attempted to expand merchant adoption throughout the organic/permaculture/biodynamic community in Europe with admittedly mixed results, I  have learned from where I  have failed.
@_date: 2014-12-13 08:35:47
Start here:
[Cold storage 1] (
[Cold Storage 2] (
Try moving your tips in-out of cold storage to get a feel of the mechaincs, after that take a look any other videos from James; they're all pretty good and cover the basics in a simple to understand manner for those just starting. 
@_date: 2014-06-08 06:55:20
Or Europe, I paid top dollar for two 501 Levis in London, I walked out the door 140 pounds poorer, that is a stark contrast to the California made ones I buy when in California for around $50 at Sears. 
And those were made in S. Africa, not California.
*Cookie Kwan voice*: The Levis market is mine, [stay off the West side!] (
@_date: 2014-11-15 07:21:38
Thanks. Lets see if they ever get back to me so that I can try it out for myself. 
@_date: 2014-05-29 15:01:28
I agree Coinbase isn't immune to cristicsm, I even told their staff on here the delays from BTC to fiat are unnecessarily long, and previously that adding $10+ premiums during the run ups was absurd. (Check my post history, its all in there.)
The latter was rectified after a weekend, and the former is supposedly out of their hands due to ACH procedures.
However, I suggest you put your money where your mouth is, then; I'll buy BTC on your behalf via my instant purchase for no fees on my end to prove a point. 
You in? I'll pm you my BOA account number so that you can make a direct deposit for a few millibits. 
We can record all blockchain tx here for community scrutiny and posterity. 
We'll donate the bits to a charity of your choice.
@_date: 2014-02-09 22:08:20
Mark: Announcement delay: 2 weeks. That is all. 
@_date: 2014-06-21 04:44:17
You're using an argument based on averages to conjure up a false image; I was there, I saw how exactly NO ONE used the ATM in either case. I mean this lends itself to obvious biases, perhaps other locations are frequented more than others, but who knows.
ATMs are for tourists, go to a meetup, have a drink, talk crypto, talk cold storage, buy btc, and stay connected to the community; the network effect is the only way to reach to the masses, should we need to reach them, not overpriced smartphones with stupid names and high fees. 
@_date: 2014-06-28 07:33:31
Or use live cds... I have never even dealt with these double digits, but the first thing that I learned to do was security when I bitcoin; its tiresome at times, and annoying, but when I see the alternatives its not even much of a decesion. 
Learn to bitcoin properly (cold storage, linux live boot, multi-sig, encrypt private keys etc...) and you're unlikley to ever get your funds stolen, the only thing I really fear is the State seizing my property and auctioning them off to Statists and its cohorts of thieves and profiteers like Alex Waters because I happen to be at the wrong place at the wrong time. 
@_date: 2014-06-04 11:22:07


I'd say that is par for the course, have you seen who has been made a knight, MBE or Lord in just the past couple years?
I'll let you do the legwork, but I know their have been several propagandists, fascists and oligarchs let into the order:


Word. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 20:29:37
Post article on pastebin. 
Does this mean efforts will be made to make customers whole or is this another take-over scheme of coin consolidation attempted by another large player with deep pockets (eg Foundation)?
@_date: 2014-06-23 15:19:04
Problem: *The $15,000 ZenBox bitcoin ATMs are managed by Santa Monica company ExpressCoin, and were built by Robocoin.*
Solution: 
If robocoin is going to continue to dump cash on these absurd machines, then its up to us in the community to give feedback. If skyhook isn't an option then these homebrews need to be put across the street from any Robocoin. 
Let the market decide which is more valuable: avoiding an anal probe by Robocoin or a % premium. 
Does anyone have any accurate map of the ATMs in California; I can try and cover the South in OC and MAYBE some of LA/Ventura.
@_date: 2014-06-01 12:26:56
Where is Vitalik?
And did Shrem skype this in, or did he actually go out there?
@_date: 2014-05-02 19:39:34
[Bitcoin Donations for Dark News/Kristov Atlas](
@_date: 2014-07-03 23:26:18
Awesome, I just made a recent post about Ukrainian btc adoption, and this was just underneath that... haha, these are the moments I relish most when bitcoining: 
*Damn, something really needs to be done about... oh they already have!*
@_date: 2014-06-10 19:03:42
Yeah, this is how a Lamassu unit works, what are the fees? 
I'm not a big fan of ATMs, but this is a superior machine and process to robocoins anal probing. 
@_date: 2014-05-29 12:51:47
[Seems like non-fiction to me.](
Also, are they making a reference to Greely, Colorado?
@_date: 2014-03-16 18:36:15


Well done, mate. I stand by my claim.
Regarding the ATM, I'm not the biggest advocate of them as they tend to have encumbering features: palm scan, ID verification, etc... all of which are counter-intuitive to a decentralized and pseudo-anonymous monetary system. 
What few things I gathered from them is that they're capable of offering lowest barrier of entry for the 'uninitiated' as an impulse purchase. The issues that arise from them in my view make them impractical by contrast to local bitcoin/meetups/satoshi squares; they need to be monitored, or have someone staff them so they are not exactly stand-alone, and can be compromised due to exchanges not offering at the point of purchase. I was just wondering if there are actual metrics and data that support the idea they are a worthwhile investment in areas outside of places like Bitcoin Boulevard that aim to highlight Bitcoin. I based these observations on the news from Canada, US, UK ATMs.  
Either way, thanks for proving why this community is a worthwhile endeavor. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:42:05


And not when you do instant buys; my first purchase on coinbase was cancelled. I was trying to clear out all my fiat from an account, but mistyped the correct amount which would have left me with an overdraft fee had it gone through. I caught it in the first couple of minutes. 
@_date: 2014-02-05 01:41:17


Like the Soup Nazi!
But I agree: the down vote is there for a reason; I think the worst running threads here were during the sub 1000 drop in December with suicide hotlines being on the front page for... what a week? 
@_date: 2018-08-14 19:36:47


What growth are you seeing in your client's portfolio to either give yourself such a title or even make such a claim, because some of us without such lofty titles (absurd in my opinion) have seen 1000x returns, can you say the same?
6% is really reasonable, even if it goes down or sideways for a while its not going to be devastating; you'll just have to stop going to the coffee shop or fast food less, which is probably a net gain.
@_date: 2018-08-21 19:47:47


Hard to believe, considering how dependent they are to Russia and EU for gas, none of which want to relinquish the stranglehold they have on Ukraine, let alone Crimea.
Progress, but still I'm hardly convinced anyone glancing at the ad can see anything but the Masaratti in the ad unles you're a crypto nerd. What's the lyrics to There will be no Shelter here:


 got ya number than number than numb   
 Empty ya pockets son; they got you thinkin that  
 What ya need is what they sellin  
 Make you think that buyin is rebellin  
 From the theaters to malls on every shore  
 Tha thin line between entertainment and war  
 The frontline is everywhere, there be no shelter here  








 Tha thin line between entertainment and war  
 They fix the need, develop the taste  
 Buy their products or get laid to waste
@_date: 2014-04-19 17:45:23
All credit goes to Canawareness and consider [donating]
Cody Wilson's presentation at the 2014 Bitcoin expo in Toronto, Ont.
Cody is most well known as a founder/director of Defense Distributed, a non-profit organization that develops and publishes open source gun designs, suitable for 3D printing.
@_date: 2014-02-04 23:55:03
I can't offer anything other than the following info and an upvote to see if you get pointed in the right direction, but if no one comes through here, chat/pm someone on the going list for a pre-meetup tour and see where that takes you. 


Silicon Valley Bitcoin Meetup is pleased to present a few 
speakers, including:
Nik Shaylor - Bitcoin Exchange Graph Project 
TryBTC.com - Get started using bitcoin in minutes
Cloudhashing.com - the premiere cloud mining company


Center's 2nd Floor Game Room.








@_date: 2014-06-08 07:13:01
If the 20th Century has showed us anything its that: where dollars are rejected for commodities/resources, Jackals and bombs soon follow. 
Poor decision, but this is not surprising; the State squandering wealth and resources of the serfs is what the State does with *uncanny prowess.* 
@_date: 2014-01-23 00:49:34
DIY Hosting and crypto merchant implementation: 








Checkout: 
@_date: 2014-08-05 02:05:09
Well done to Circle for actually having some forethought on an ongoing or potential problem, was there a relevent thread to see if there were other bonuses issued? Have they stopped marking credit card purchases as cash advances since then?
I'd prefer to just go back to the drawing board than use Circle or consider it for my intended purpose; however, I'm glad things worked out the way they did for him. I had to once take out a 50 dollars for an emergency tire replacement on a credit card, they only took cash, and I forgot that I had just put my tution on it; so for 3.5 months I was paying something like 19 percent on a balance of over 2k until I had enough to pay it down. 
@_date: 2014-06-17 16:46:07
So in summation, you agree that ' a huge decentralized conglomerate of third parties' is superior to that of a central one (such as a central bank), who among other crimes, are known to have willingly encouraged banks to issue debt based securities, bonds, liens etc... that wreak havoc the World over and has stifled living conditions and quality for not just my generations (millennial) but throughout the World unabated. 
So I ask, why the hell should we care about debt based securities/derivatives when we see what happened in 2007-2008 when this power is granted? And just how ignorant the masses are about the implication sof having your economies GDP dwarfed by these machinations (e.g. shadow banking system with a claimed +$600 trillion derivatives pool) I mean, I don't discourage them to do so, I just don't see any advantage to doing so. 


Colored coins is available; and Alt currencies can be launched with the greatest if ease now too. Someone made a colored coin based derivative on a half eaten ice cream cone here when it launched. 
But you're right, the Mastercoin and Ethereum guys have been working on their respective projects for some time with not much if anything ready to be to released; but since I'm not an investor and merely a curious member of the bitcoin community regarding DAOs I cannot complain. 
Though I eagerly await the release of both. 


Its not just someone, it was the co-founder who had a large stake in the companies success dumping them, that is what you seem to be overlooking. 
@_date: 2014-06-19 13:05:16
Cool, how is the Community in Fort Collins? I will be frequenting Boulder/Denver/Colorado Springs in 2015 for my business, and I would like to get in touch with the community there before for my launch if possible. 
I like the homebrew solution to ATMs, this is where it should be, ideally at the same bar/cafe/restaurant where bitcoin meetups are held: this was always my favorite ATM that was demo'd at Defcon 2013: 
 
The good old days when the Community was focused on Decentralized solutions, not looking for 'legitimizing' our ATMs with absurd KYC/AML compliance.
Any chance you will post the progress of your setup, I mean the skyhook is already a low-cost solution, but its always cool to see alternatives to any current solution.
Lets keep in touch, mate; I'm actually not interested at all in ATMs and I find them absurd with Coinbase in California being available to anyone with a US account; but I'd like to see what Colorado's community is like because as I said my business and future home will based in Colorado. 
@_date: 2014-11-10 02:35:01


I was [reminded of this alt currency]( when I read that; they award their alt currnecy tokens to those who can generate re-newable energy. I'm not fond of PV much, but perhaps this can help you convert back to BTC and recover your expenses? Or at least something to tip with on here.
Here is the current market cap and related info on it: 
Either way cool project, we have two 10k watt solar arrays that have been sitting idle since our new pump requires AC and we have been looking for a suitable inverter to use to power our pumps in the day. 
@_date: 2014-06-28 21:49:41
Big! I'm watching this space. 
@_date: 2014-07-24 11:13:23
What made you go with the Lamassu unit over the [Home brew they have in Fort Collins](
What are your fees? Any metrics from opening day? What can you draw upon these data to sales of the business at the location where it is located of they accept bitcoin? What are your demographics thus far?
Lamassu units seem to be the industry standard these days, but after having used one myself I'm convinced this isn't the best way to purchase them, but I like to be in an informed position making that argument so I'd appreciate your insight on the matter. 
Still, thanks for spreading bitcoin presence in Colorado, I'd like to hear about future projects as well. 
@_date: 2014-06-21 19:53:10
Very cool; I hope to join the club in 2015. 


Looks homemade/one-off. In fact I thought it was post-it at first glance. 
Free promo from one farmer to another: 




So, OP, what is the verdict? 
Most people get freaked out the first time they have an organic free-range egg; once cooked it smells of grassy-earth tones rather than the nothing smell you get when you buy them from corn/hormone fed battery-farms at grocery stores. And Free range chicken is often smaller but way more flavourful when cooked properly, which should be just slightly pink. 
Damn, I'm hungry now... 
@_date: 2014-09-16 06:10:17
I was hoping it would be [here]( but nothing yet. I'm looking forward to a video. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 23:33:14
GTFO here with this circle propaganda, its vapourware; it may be hard to accept for the day traders amongst us, but it is. [0% fees will not make things like this happen,] ( which I value over the .001 btc fee/tx. Anyone interested in supporting the Community and Ecosystem would be wise to do the same if you aren't able to bring in merchants yourself. 
So be it, Circle; your 1000 users will be your entire market share, because anyone stupid enough to business with them after this point is embarking upon another Goxxing situation. 
@_date: 2014-11-13 06:04:34
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:52:36
Principles &gt; Money
You may not like the means and methods of how it was conveyed; but at its core it was essentially proving just that. I, however, did get a nice chuckle out of it... but then I have personal vendetta against these chic NSA spying devices. 
Edit: Word.
@_date: 2014-05-29 13:19:16
Are there no exchange options for Japanese bank account holders since the Gox clusterfuck? 
This doesn't seem right, what happen to Kraken? 
He was wining and dining with the political class a few days ago, no? 
These ATMS are the antithesis of bitcoin, their novelty wears out thin and deters people who have never heard of bitcoin when they see the scanners, cameras and govt id requirements to buy them. Also, people don't always know about what miner fees are and end up having their funds in blockchain-limbo. So unless you have staff on hand to guide the noobs this seems all together pointless. 
At least the Lamassu unit is more intuitive, not advocating for it just pointing out a personal observation of mine. What troubles me with the Lamassu unit is aren't people holding onto their docomo flip ketais? 
I mean I know (sadly) apple products are big over there, which limits wallet options drastically, but is android smartphone market penetration low in Japan?
@_date: 2014-06-09 22:22:49
No, you're right; I overlooked the info and was fixed on the title and imposed my own views on something that wasn't asking to be addressed; but the fact remains that if industries or companies, any, are unwilling to accept bitcoin of their own volition or by consumer feedback just assume that they aren't going to. 
I think the ecosystem is developing fast enough that barring rent or utilities (and there are exceptions I won't list here) we have options and avenues to pursuit; unfortunately should that fail, as it is subject to doing so, we always have fiat conversion. 
Gyft filled that giftcard niche a long time ago, bitsumo, and Moneypak are others, but as I previously mentioned these are merely short-term solutions for an intermediary transition; the best way to accelerate merchant adoption and overcome the 'awkwardness' is to engage with the desired producer to accept it and take it from there. 
As Andreas once said, ask them 'Do you take bitcoin **yet**?' Entrepreneurs are savvy people and are able to discern these messages, and if they don't they tend be left behind and rightfully so.  
@_date: 2014-04-02 15:03:59






The fees were quite high from what I gathered; the UK community did manage to get that ATM up in a pub, though. 
@_date: 2014-09-03 05:32:53
That is a step in the right direction, the lack of focus of the Bitcoin community in something as vital as agriculture is absurd; if this is truly a revolution, the 'powers that be' will always target the fragile (petro-dollar centric) food supply to get the masses in line or start massacaring each other, History has shown the latter to be the most likely outcome(s). If anything needs to be decntralized its ther food supply/accesability.


Show them some love. :)


I like your line of thinking, but what I see being the future of food is actually an eco-tech-village (this is what I think is the TRUE DAC) that supports the needs of its residents within the community and sells its excess vegetables/meat/products to neighboring communities/towns. CSAs defintley play a role.
Check out Permacredits.org, the Fall equinox is when their projected release will be, according to Hawk's interviews. And as a biodynamic master gardener I'm glad they will also be supporting biodynamic farms/projects as well. 
Get involved!
@_date: 2014-05-29 14:02:25
Circle who?
Really, these guys are making it such that they deserve the market share they have in the US; and I say this with a great deal of reservation and as a staunch anti-monopolist. 
Edit: To Circle circle-jerkers; come at me, bro! Bringing in Overstock and Dish network is more than Circle will do for the ecosystem. Especially since the CEO of overstock holds part of his BTC, and encourages more merchants to do the same to avoid getting into fiat. Whereas that is circle's biggest (vapourware) feature. 
@_date: 2014-08-13 05:22:25
[Jesus... you guys are so fickle, websites go down,]( laptops break: Life happens. 
If you check the github repo, which is what matters not the website, it was updated 3 days ago. Amir will likely update on the matter, if he hasn't already.
They already got their biggest 'payoff' from the indiegogo and they haven't ran off with it, and instead have provided 5 working alphas  and the foundation for the DarkMarket project, so give them some credit. 
Edit: They're alphas, the beta(s) has yet to be released. 
@_date: 2014-06-25 15:51:40
True. 
My first experience with a true Silk Road type of Agorist market place for agriculture was in Italy, and it was awesome; we had all kinds of vendors with amazing organic products that could never enter the Market because of a lack of designations from the EU or local regions (Parma, Genova etc...) for affordable prices. The prepared dishes were quite boring, though for some reason.
It was more a festival than anything else, there was a live guitarist doing a karaoke sing-along in the evening that the people really got into; and they dedicated 'California Dreaming' to me, too. I even got an offer to go work on a new project to help with organic agriculture in Morocco, I had to pass, though. 
@_date: 2014-05-28 20:40:15
Well, douchebag, its more complicate that. You see, douchebag, untold amounts of misery occur when people have to rely on centralized authorities to verify their transactions and release them; furthermore, douchebag, as I wrote in the message: what peril would I find myself in if I needed those funds to say go to the hospital, pay for a flight or taxi home, pay for a critical repair on my car pay rent? You see where I'm going with this, right, douchebag?
So, douchebag, I hope that clears this up and acutely highlights what the intention of my thread is. 
@_date: 2014-06-25 01:27:53
[My feelings exactly.] (
@_date: 2014-05-30 09:53:02
Hey thanks for that, my first tip! I'll hold on to it and use it for [my current efforts toward helping a Iori Mochizuki help Fukushima victims (all of Japan really) evacuate from danger zones]( in your honor.
Thanks again!
And Re-posted video:
@_date: 2014-06-05 11:08:37
What is this 2010? 
Copy and pasting a public key from an online hot wallet doesn't require this; this is more of a 'look how impractical bitcoin was' than a presently relevant one.  
But, I think this is another reason why those of us that heard of bitcoin years ago never jumped in, the ecosystem as we see it today bares so little resemblance to the past that its hard to believe how fast things develop in this space. 
@_date: 2014-06-19 13:33:13
Croatia, too. I just used the inside teller because there nearest ATM was broken and they told me to come back with 2 forms of ID.
I laughed in their face when they translated what was said and used an ATM with fees but without the Stasi 3rd degree. 
@_date: 2014-02-09 18:50:54
Take a % of your remaining BTC holdings and be r/bitcoin's trailblazing Angel Investor, this both encourages growth and innovation in this space by providing capital and liquidity into the Market, but it also enhances the potential to reap greater financial incentives following a strategy you already followed: 'HODL.' ;)
I always said that if I ever reached a financial position like yours I would go over to Kickstarter's failed projects and reach those who I felt had meaningful promise in their respective field and offer to fund their project for a % of the profits and embracing bitcoin. Rinse and repeat after reaching ROI +15%. 
@_date: 2014-06-25 01:20:52
@_date: 2014-06-21 13:57:13


Sure, if you're willing to overlook the US/EU/IMF appointed puppet government, I guess you can say that...
@_date: 2014-06-24 17:29:15
Normally its an absurd concept, but since California is home to some of the biggest exchanges, and god knows how many VC backed start ups in the ecosystem its a good sign to know they won't crack down on them. And given this is Silicon Valley we're talking about I'd expect the billionaires looking to diversify to take another re-visit about this whole 'magic internet wizard money' now that its been 'embued with State approval.'
Its not important as many would have you believe, we've been operating as though it were the whole time, but its not an entirely bad thing for a place with huge amounts of Capital, high-tech human capital, and a manufacturing industry bigger than most European/Asian/African nations to excercise what it has done for a long time: utilizing purpose built competing currencies is uniqely Californain and a part of our culture of disruption. There may be others who have done  the same in the US, but California has been doing this since at least the fucking Gold Rush. 
@_date: 2014-02-16 14:19:23
My kind of joint. How is their Shoyu ramen, Tonkotsu and Shio? Any special menu items?
And they also hosted the 1st ever bitcoin fair that brought in 250+, and is the model for scalable replicas in other parts of the World. 
Hold your head high, Ramen Underground staff! 
@_date: 2014-05-29 14:07:03
Brazzer's ace in the hole unleashed. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 18:25:13
The UK and the EU is certainly just as bad, and I'm not trying to rationalize the Police State that is the US, but where in the World are you still able to see resistance like this: 
This may be the most extreme fringe case but the fact that it exists still demonstrates that meaningful resistance against State aggression is possible. 


I would agree, if I didn't have to deal with a lot of inconvenient things for my livelihood I'd be in Montenegro right now. 
@_date: 2014-06-28 05:07:17
Bigger than Li-ka Shing?
I don't know much about Asian off shore places, but from my experience most of the money in the West (Switzerland, Cyprus, Malta, Luxemburg etc...) seems to be moving East with the occasional Channel Island picking up some of the traunch along the way.
In terms of viability for that part of Asia, what are the demographics like? I only link things to Petronas in Malysia and a few enginnering schools associated to them being tech savvy enough to consider it; everyone else seems to bend to the government's iron fist by the looks of it. 
It would take like a 7-11, which are huge in Asia, or something along those lines to do a really hard campaign to get btc off the ground there, by my assessment.
Other than that glib overview I tend to only focus on Japan, and btc adoption is not doing well there... Kraken made some PR waves, but to be honest Japan has much bigger problems right now so I don't see that changing in the near future.
@_date: 2014-06-25 15:37:47
Bist du Schweizer?


I'm so perplexed with that mentality, I really like you guys as a whole and it was a highlight of my time in Europe meeting many of you and collaborating with you; but this almost exceptionalist mentality is American in every way; these constant rationalizations for such obvious confinements makes me lose my mind whilst in conversation. God help you if you pull that shit on me while we're working on something. 
Granted, I have a team of people who embrace my disruptive nature, or at least tolerate it while we collaborate, but this is something I can never get over. 
I mean I'm from California, and by extension the US; and this just resembles how someone can rationalize the crimes the tyrannical State commits against its populace... its obvious mental conditioning, and an absence of logic and reason. 
Oh, well, at least the Swiss Parliment are maintaining a hands-off approach for the time being, and Localbitcoins and Meetups are still the best way to get involved in the community, and lets see the State try to stop those and impose their regulatory mandates there. (I guess they have with the ATM stuff, but no one ever used them.) 
Anyhow, I'm glad you can see through this thinly veiled co-op; fascism is alive and well in the bitcoin space. I expect it to be on the rise as we're coerced into 'the road to legitimacy,' I'm with Andreas: Fuck off, Bitcoin is fine!
@_date: 2014-06-12 14:57:37
Regarding Coinbase:
'Cons: Not a full exchange, US only, support can be slow to respond, has **no proof of reserves,** promotes the use of online wallet services.'
[Andreas did an audit back in February] ( granted, I'd like for them to do a proof of reserve every month, or at least every fiscal year, but since I store my own bitcoin that doesn't really concern me as I move to cold storage with my instant buy account. I think there lack of audits is in its own way promoting others to transfer their funds out; I mean who bitcoins without the private keys to a wallet... people who likely got goxxed, that's who! 
Good write-up, though; I will save and review should the need occur. Upvoted and karma given. 
@_date: 2014-05-17 19:09:48
Yeah, that is what promoted me to join, but soon after they wouldn't accept my application on that basis--it was rejected twice. 
Do you use coinbase? If so, how long does it take to receive fiat from a sale?
@_date: 2014-05-29 14:15:50
Dear god, didn't the [Bundy Ranch standoff draw a clear enough line in the sand?
As someone with a DEEP vested interest in the matter all I can say is we cannot implement bitcoin fast enough and render these archaic, despotic monoliths obsolete soon enough.
Support your local organic farmer; the State has made buying non-GMO or pesticide laden food as much a form of protest as prepping, buying precious metals, cryptocurrency or anti-war movements combined: organic agriculture is involved in all of these things. 
And food for thought (pun intended) if you think the EU is better off:
I ask my fellow health scientist involved in the bitcoin community to do some serious soul-searching; this cannot be done without our superior intellect being sold to the highest bidder for pennies on the dollar, these kleptocrats and megalomaniacs are as dull witted as they are greedy.  
*I'm not sure if bribing these criminals would be beneficial long term. Bitcoiners should focus on creating and improving bitcoin exclusive economies, both on the internets and physical.*
Agreed, lobbying is a chumps game unless your name includes Rockefeller, Warburg or some other plutocrat, nepotistic surname. BTC shouldn't be in the hands of the very people we are trying to remove from our collective existence. 
@_date: 2014-06-11 11:58:02
Political *solutions* in Italy... lol... I agree with him.
This could certainly be the currency for the younger generation's System D. I have intimate knowledge of certain 'happenings' in Italy and when they say that places in Europe like Italy, Greece, Spain, Cyprus, Portugal have a 'black market' that encompasses as much as 40% of the economy they are not lying. 
This is really why projects like Dark Wallet and Dark Market are so important, get away form Cody's 'money laundering' claims and you can start to see what is really at the heart of these projects; its not just edgy a-political teen age angst that precipitates these projects into existence, its necessity for a large part of the population. 
The older generation is unlikely to adopt in any significant manner, and I hate to admit how I know that, too; but I hold out for the Italian youth to emerge with their own solution, when I was there last year no one even cared and going to Germanic or Scandinavian countries was seen as the 'saving grace' for a Southern European with an EU passport. 
Now, with places like Calafou and the Unsystem guys in Spain showing the potential of eco-tech villages I hope more will emerge; there are parts of Italy that are abandoned and uninhabited where its possible. Which made me wonder why parks are so filled with homeless people and refugees from Africa when land is quite plentiful the further you get away from major towns/cities. 
Either way: Andiamo, raggazi! 
@_date: 2014-06-08 20:07:37
Well, I take it you're in Catalunya; so go to a bitcoin meet up and buy there, or drop the Unsystem guys a message on meetup.com and see if you can meet up at Kasa and buy from them.
Bitcoin ATMS are for the birds anyway, the fees suck and having personally used a Lamassu unit its not very exciting at all. 
@_date: 2014-06-04 17:57:42
@_date: 2014-06-08 19:05:43
So I'm trying to make sense of this, the Lammasu units were barred when they used mobile based wallets, and the BitcoinSuisseAG ones are also in limbo. But the bitaccess ones aren't? 
Do the Bitaccess print out paper wallets as well, because from what I gather this is the working loophole?
@_date: 2014-11-14 06:43:43
I have registered for the beta with no follow up; care to to discuss its *great work,* fee struture, and any other relevent information?
@_date: 2014-05-31 11:19:05
.5 in hot wallets is stupid, even when it was below 250; you should have 75% of that in cold storage and 25% in a hot. 
Consider it a worthwhile lesson, and get to know why being your own bank comes with a greater need for responsibility and forethought than your average 'ZOmG, new phonzorz!' consumption addicted person.
But I don't want to sound entirely jaded and callused so here are some useful links I always share with new guys about security and due diligence:
James is certainly better on these videos than in live speeches, at least from what I have seen, and this should really be stickied because there is no one else in the community who comes close to making such easy to follow walk-throughs for new or hard to understand bitcoin subjects/topics.
@_date: 2014-08-16 17:30:24
There were a lot of intresting concepts discussed here, particular about smart contract enforcability and double deposit solutions to arbititors (the most critical aspect missing to Darkwallet/OpenBazzarr) in trustless transactions for goods/services. 
I'm dead tired and that was a worth while watch, especially since most 2.0 concepts are still in development. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 11:51:35
[That feeling.](
@_date: 2014-07-28 04:20:10
One you're that one step closer to a closed bitcoin ecosystem, well done. Now its time for food, water, utilities: show us the way, gonzobon!
Coinbase is seriously top-notch when it comes to noob friendliness, I have only had small encounters with bitpay since Coinbase does everything I need it to. I'd just advise he doesn't bother with that new Vault option, invite him to your house and share a beer and talk to him about cold storage. Who knows your Landlord (such an absurd term wreaking of archiac feudalism) can be your new bitcoin buddy who goes to meetups with you; my landlord let me used to let me pay a mix of cash/check/money orders (sometimes late) when I was a university student because I brought her food and booze once and occasionlay let her borrow my bbq's propane tank; it has its advantages, dude. 
@_date: 2014-06-19 13:27:02
ATMs suck, and Robocoin is the worst of all... but:
**On the brighter side though, while I was waiting for my application to be reviewed and accepted, I visited the D gift shop that accepts bitcoin. I walk in and 2 girls are buying snacks, drinks, and a few random souvenirs with bitcoin.**
Satoshi works in mysterious ways: this would have been an ideal segue to something along the lines of 'ladies, any chance you'd be willing to sell me some btc, this ATM is lame? Oops, I left my phone back in the room...'
**Blank scene**
And now we know why they cal it 'The D.'


Not US compliant, they exist here and there from what I'm told and researched, but Robocoin is what most will have due to the fear people have for Fed's cracking skulls if they find out. 
I've used a Lamassu, and they're lame, too. Fees are too high, especially since I have an instant Coinbase account. 
@_date: 2014-07-29 00:57:26


I wish you wouldn't not for my sake, and not for hers, but your own; so long as you continue to believe politic(k)ians or presstitutes are worthy of your respect you'll be blinded to what is truly at stake here. These sectors attract only two types: the corrupt or the corruptible. No one else. But keep playing the white knight for them, this just further enforces the Ben Lawskys of the World to come out of the woodwork out here and assume they have a say.  


And yet she still believes Bitcoin, that is to say Blockchain technology, must be imbued with the grace of the State? Does she not realize that if executed as we all wish it to it will actually make the State obsolete? Haha... ok, I'll just have to take my comments back now.


My mistake, I was playing Risk and defending my last strongholds in Asia and South America when I wrote that, I was actually referring to the Bill of Rights; though to be honest, despite how admirable I find Thomas Jefferson's pen to be, I still find it all incredibly odd to find much worth in that document, because at the same time that it was written Spanish California was actually thriving economically and culturally--unless you were Native, and/or renounced Catholicism, then life was pretty harsh but their was a hell of a lot more social mobility for those that didn't as time passed. Spanish 'dominion' over New Spain was actually a veneer since it was so damn large, but I won't get into this now...
@_date: 2014-06-28 16:02:58
 Paywall, dude; learn to post things on r/bitcoin and pastebin next time. 
@_date: 2014-08-24 03:17:48
I'll expand on this later, as I'm being eaten alive by moqsquitos right now, but my premise relies on the basis that foriegn investment and access to large pools of capital/loans is what keeps your wages and employment rate, and by extension quality of life, where it is. Because in terms of economic output you cannot justify these figures. . 
*Rent is the biggest expenditure in Switzerland, in my experience, so it cannot be excluded for an accurate depicition of the situation.*


Agreed, I detest the idea of a indefinite inflation policy to keep export numbers afloat; which is what has occured globally since (at least) 2008.
@_date: 2014-05-26 17:27:27
Help fund important projects-charities whose ideology/morals/ethics you share to help build the ecosystem. 
Tipping periodically if you can spare it is always held in well regard around here, and always image verify with a banana. 
Enjoy YOUR PURCHASE into monetary (read: personal) sovereignty, and stop regarding it as an *investment.* If you are US based, check out coinbase; they do all that you need. If not and you need instant coins drop me a line via PM.
@_date: 2014-03-15 21:24:24
Our community's ability to resolve problems across borders is truly the most impressive thing to me. 
Also a quick question, since you are in the 'business' do you happen to have any metrics of use for the atms in Zurich (temporary?) and the one in Geneva this year? 
I just returned to Switzerland after spending time in the UK, they were in a really good position to capitalize on user availability--Zipzap, ATMs, Kraken, IBWT, ebay, local bitcoin/meetups--but after the goxxing and the VAT-tax law 'limbo,' Doxxing all the merchants I had lined up to adopt decided to 'see how things turn out afterward' or had reconsidered last minute; I always wondered what true potential the ATMs would have over the other means. Zipzap shut down, and the ATMs were delayed until after I left. They were selling at a 8% premium, too from what I heard.
 
Are you making it to the meetup in Zurich?
@_date: 2014-12-05 05:25:58
Ah, well then: I hope Newegg or those other two options work out for you. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 13:39:22
A lot? Well then I'm having to put myself and base my opinion from the 'not a lot people' category, because unless I was buying a car, paying rent or tuition I'd never carry that much on me... ever. 
Then again I'm a millennial and having such amounts as *pocket-change* was something that I hardly experienced even during the heights of the boom era.  
@_date: 2014-06-24 18:02:50
It *hurts* to think that there is a conenses that believes 'legitimization' comes at the hand and approval of the worst excuses of a human being imagineable: politicians. 
Bitcoin is legitmate because it's technology and community, nothing else. State approval is irrlevent, by and large, to what will happen and has yet to happen within our ecosystem; it may affect the price of bitcoin, but that is seriously the least important aspect of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-07-26 00:05:30
This is a bootstrapping community, mate, it isn't turn key just yet; you have something they want (an appreciating asset/currency) and you obviously want they have. It will take a bit of legwork but you have to actively convince the producers that you **frequent**--and this is vital-- to get them to take the time out of their day to learn what bitcoin is and why they should care; it simply isn't worth doing for the buzzword laden 'oh well, this will make for good PR' BS that is so typical these days. 
Then again, Indians have a very peculiar form of bargaining aspect in their merchant culture, no? This would probably be an ideal segue to a 'well have you heard of bitcoin' kind of scenario, but I'm just thinking aloud now.  
@_date: 2014-06-21 18:06:14
Why did this feel like 90's SNL Weekend update; canned laughs and all. 
RT has actually been cool about bitcoin, they were particular useful during the Cyprus situation, its cool they can laugh about stuff, too. 
But, I suppose that is what we come across sometimes, but ehh... I can live with that 'stigma' given what we as a community and have done, and have yet to do. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 05:21:14
Bitcoin meetups is the best way to first get into btc in my opinion; that way when you pay the premium you can at least have a drink with someone willing to show you about cold storage and critical aspects of securing your bitcoin.
The sense of community is worth the few % over chart prices. 
How many countless threads crop up here with the headline: I just lost all my bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-06-09 19:27:06
Hmm, yeah, that doesn't sound altogether unlikely; I will explore this further later, but what are the fees associated to making deposits and withdraws from this prepaid card?
And what is turnover on each transfer?
@_date: 2014-04-01 00:08:31
I bookmarked those links for future use, but since I have been waiting to ask this for some time: could anyone do a ELI5 on the coding behind generating a multi-sig wallet; I watched the Bitcoin 101 - Multi-Signature Addresses video but I would like a more detailed approach to creating them if possible. 
@_date: 2014-07-04 02:45:50
That would be awesome, WH. I see big things in the future for you if this materializes. Best of luck!
**Sidenote: Did you get my email? I want to send you some follow up pictures but I cannot send them via your website.**
@_date: 2014-09-16 01:49:05
I think I can top that, I opened an account with a local CU; their terms of service require them to hold my deposit for 12 days and any future deposits will remain unavailable for 8-12 days after deposit; I must keep a min balance of $100 in tthe account, and checking my balance at an ATM is a $1 fee, as is transfering my funds between external accounts. Oh and they kept a copy of my passport on file to boot.
So, imagine my face when I was staring at my mycelium app trying to find bitcoiners in my area and found exactly none...
This was my *Welcome to Hawaii* moment. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 15:01:33
Caltech? 
Or, due to their rivalry, they'll adopt doge or something... 
@_date: 2014-07-29 04:58:27
Good to know, thanks!
@_date: 2014-07-28 12:38:11
Not at all; I already assume that to be the case at all times already, not because of some fiction called the Declaration of Independence but simply as an extension of my Natural Rights as a Human (my right to freedom of speech and association). I've willingly exercised this right across continents, so US 'federal guidance' is of absolutely no concern to me nor would it be wise to find any value in it. 
The thought of paying crypto to another would-be bureaucrat for this assumed *provision* is simply unfathomable. 
@_date: 2014-08-13 08:56:03
I'm not. Have you seen what has been observed to pigs, who have a very simialr endocrine/metabolic system to humans--think heparin synthesis--when fed GMO diets?
Here is study I followed for a while that sought to find out:
Check out the Poulter (2012) study for a more through and prolonged study on rats. 
Its not for the faint of heart, and when you're done with that look for the Russian TV show that never came to be that was going to exhibit the daily affairs of lab rats who were fed only GMO foods, they used a study done in France as the basis for it. Do a little bit of research and DDG this: University of Caen NK603.
Sure, it was a trade war spectacle using reality TV shock-jock tactics, but the fact remains the implications are there for all to see. How effective it would have been would have been an eniterely different question, especially because prior to the embargo Russia has been highly dependent on Western food supplies. The annexation of Crimea has as much to do about food supply as it does about 'cultural' lineages if you know what to look for. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 09:45:51
Get smart, chump. 
No, but serious, I'm half Spaniard and Californian; I was bilingual since I could speak; now I can speak Italian, semi-coherent Japanese--I haven't practiced in ages--and broken German-Swiss-German IF I have to. 
Reading and writing are another matter entirely. And yeah, its difficult to process. Spoken Italian comes natural to me, but reading or writing in Italian might as well be French due to the grammar and syntax. I can muddle through if in a pinch, street, bus or train signs are obvious but anything more elaborate is a strain. And anything not written in Romanji... pfft, forget about it.
@_date: 2014-09-12 00:12:53
I saw some pretty damn expensive (as in multi-million dollar) New Holland tractors with self-driving kits installed in Bern-- it was really an organic expo presenting the benefits of flax to local organic-biodynamic farmers that had corporate sponsorship (COOP). 
Let me just say that they left much to be desired, and that the farmer who can drive a tractor isn't going away anytime soon. It was eventually able to harvest when a driver sat inside and kept it from veering off the crop row, Sat-nav isn't precise enough to have it be fully automated I'm affraid. 
The sat-nav was not able to make the minute corrections needed for it to harvest the crop without incurring a great deal of loss. 
With that said, I actually am one of the few farmers (I consider myself a 21st century Biodynamic farmer) who look forward to automated systems, because as you said very few WANT to be a farmer, I strugle with it myself with the workload-to-pay ratio, but here is a pretty cool articles on doing just that:
Your idea intrigues me, drop me a line with what you're working on. Maybe I can lend some insight. I'm more about creating a true Decentralized Autonomous Community which merges Eco-Tech village principles utilizing Organic-Biodynamic growing practices. 
@_date: 2014-07-17 06:34:03


I do:
[Merchant Highlights: Sandman Hotel Group and yesbitcoin, GoldCoast Tickets, Tinypass, and Ecodirect, 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, Crowdrise, Treehouse and Samovar Tea, DISH... Shopify Launches Coinbase Integration: Leap Motion, Boosted Boards, Soylent and iOgrapher Now Accepting Bitcoin] (
Do you think Merchant adoption happens all on its own? The (relatively small) fees help increase merchant adoption, which in turn makes the ecosystem stronger for both consumers and producers. 
I swear you day traders... 
Also, I vociferously called Circle Vapourware, and I'll say it again: they are not to be trusted, you guys are being lured by no fees, and when the goxxing falls down on you--how can you rely on a service with no profit generating business model is beyond me--you'll know why: not having sole possession to the private keys is the antithesis of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-08-16 14:06:03


No miners fee paid in said tx?
@_date: 2014-04-27 13:08:20
[To people who want the name changed.](
With that said, I really wish that they won't dwell on that on the matter for too long, and can instead focus on their upcoming alpha release of the Dark wallet, and what improvements their beta will have and how the community can help expedite that process. Also what can be done to bring Dark Market out of the proof concept stage and what is the best way to create a robust list of arbitrators and trust-less solutions for the multi-sig transactions: primarily proof of delivery. I have some rudimentary ideas but nothing really fleshed out yet. 
Also, I think some people had questions regarding rewards from the indiegogo project, I only donated to the donate address so I wouldn't know, but I recall some were asking about the shirts not being delivered, anyhow that is more relevant than another vapid discussion of a name for a piece of (CROWD-SOURCE FUNDED) open-source software.
Perhaps they could also segue into Unsystem's other ongoing projects and what their aims and goals are in the advancing the ecosystem.  
Thanks for hosting this.
Edit: A word. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 11:43:06
Listen, sweet cheeks: I'll gladly tell you why you should accept bitcoin for your business and I'll even help you set it up for a small nominal fee, Chino isn't that far from me; but I'll be damned if I give you a single satoshi for your fecklessness (read: campaign). 


I disagree entirely.
@_date: 2014-05-31 14:02:19
Circle'd, we call that being *Circle'd*...
@_date: 2014-06-28 21:00:30
That's a nice offer, but I'm glad to say my apprenticeship is complete and I'm not considering going back to the UK, with the exception of perhaps a layover (out of my control) in the foreseeable future. My focus is now in California and Colorado which is where I'm from and where my farm is respectively. 
But, if that should ever change I'll definitely drop you a line.
Please send me a scan or picture of your flyer, I'm certainly interested in what you made; I could often be misinterpreted as a snake-oil salesmen given my audiences aversion for technology, Californian accent and my fast way of speaking--enthusiasm often gets mistaken this way, it seems. 
@_date: 2014-01-20 00:51:15


Why? You are using a Global currency in an act of commerce in a Global Market; if anything you are using it for its intended purpose. Fuck State sanctioned and supported imaginary lines (borders), and save the contrived patriotic rhetoric for your--apparently pending--black bag NSA interrogation-rendition. 
But, yeah, it is cool.
@_date: 2014-11-12 00:14:59


Best news so far; the reluctant or shunned have other options in the future to participate. I'm going to save this link and follow up with a few of you MIT students at a later time in mid December. 
Welcome into the World of crypto, now help us make it better with your access to those amazing resources and laborartories MIT affords you.
@_date: 2014-05-30 14:06:16
Interpret it as you will, I was just giving a rebuttal (recent) to the idea that Capital control or withdraw/transfer issues are out in the open when using centralized institutions. 
Lulz to Nigerian scam... God the UK is the perfect example for an archetype nanny state all with [1000% debt to GDP to boot] ( I'd like to see how you rationalize the largest most intrusive Panopticon (London).
@_date: 2014-07-28 04:01:40
I was wondering when they were going to mention Redhat accepts NSA money in their chronology of *World Shaking* events:
What we need to do for promotion has nothing to do with borrowing others gimmics, remember we're innovating, not copy-pasting a trite PR strategy, so why should our 'promo' be the same?
I think promos are like the best revenege: living a better life than your opposition. Lets see some more of that instead and I can list a number of projects (some my own) that could raise awareness to do just that; the market share increases will follow all on its own in a gradual manner, perhaps just not when you want it to. Besides, despite what many think bitcoin, its not ready for prime time yet since we're limited to so few transaction per block and influxes in hashing power (Chris Ellis mentioned this in his show about the largest one to date) makes me think of several implications. 
The blockchain wouldn't be able to handle such a large influx all at one time, and I'm not one for off blockchain alternatives--what the fuck is the point of Bitcoin then--so I like it where it is now since we're still getting major VC money flowing in nicely, and merchant adoption. 
If the zealots can keep the 'to the moon' nonsense to a minimum you'd see it for yourselves. 
@_date: 2014-08-11 11:14:19
I used cash to get to and from Victoria station, oyster cards are the norm, but cash can still be used. 
Oh, and UK public transport is fucking pants. I was tempted to not pay when I was counting out my coins and I got thrown across the bus by the drivers haphazard driving until I saw that about 5 cameras beside the drivers cabin were on me the whole time. 
On topic: I find it odd that despite out all the outcry for dissociating BTC with physical coins we often find people trying everything under the sun to get the BTC sign on some token/coin/bar to repersent them.
Personally it does nothing for me, and I find altogether quaint and the remnants of a dying fad; but when the masses are confused in thinking that *blowstamps* are actually some tangible 'thing,' you'll know why. 
@_date: 2014-04-04 20:36:09
God that is an embarrassment; this should serve as a reminder to all who want to play the 'regulated bitcoin is a good thing' meme around here. 
The good old days:
[Girl with tail buys bitcoin at Defcon 2013](
I still say that if exchanges are not an option, for the unbanked and anon-conscious, paying localbitcoin premiums and buying at meet-ups are the path of least resistance.  
@_date: 2014-06-28 21:40:18
[HOME BREW FTMFW] (
Requires the lowest outlay of all known options and is at its core as decentralized as its going to get. 
Go and do a bit of research. 
@_date: 2014-01-18 19:17:19
God, I wonder how much more progress would be seen if you guys spent half as much time learning to code and help the actual development process as you do begging these monolith retailers.
If Amazon doesn't adopt it on its own accord, then consider the possibility they don't want/need/desire your business. 
So be it. 
Besides there are alternatives, bitsumo et al. This 'nth iteration of the same thread shouldn't be on the front page every week anymore. Can you guys stop groveling for now? It really is embarrassing now.  
@_date: 2014-06-09 22:42:58
You do realize you are talking about a victimless *crime*, and one that added wealth into the local economy, a stream of taxable (sales tax) income for those who aggressed against him and provided sustenance to its consumers-merchants, right? The State does absolutely nothing that produces wealth with much if its holding under the nefarious property acquisition that has taken place since the inception of the empire--with historical precedence I tend to lean with it serving as a severe bottle-neck which creates a consolidation of wealth producing assets that aids their paymasters in multi-national firms.
The only one to suffer irreversible damages was Bundy himself with his cattle being stressed or killed by this avoidable incident and the unnecessary duress experienced by his family in addition to incurring external costs associated the aforementioned. With that said I'm glad it still took place and [has created a discussion about overturning State owned land back to its respective community (states).] ( I personally think very little about Mr. Bundy himself, but its not the man that is important but rather what occurred that is.
I think its clear who is the aggressor and who is the victim.
@_date: 2014-03-01 22:41:01
Any update(s)? 
Also, what do you make of this?
@_date: 2014-03-24 18:04:50
There was already an attempt at this wasn't there? The host from Lets Talk Bitcoin was trying to offset the losses of Goxxing victims (and his own if I recall that Sherm interview correctly):
@_date: 2014-06-20 20:18:04


Beach house + South Carolina =/= 2.6m fiat notes. Much less the equivalent in crypto. 
You can find a much better place in SoCal for half of that, and I'd still say its over priced. But keep trying to re-inflate that housing bubble, boomers; those Depends won't pay for themselves. And those bankrupt and indebted children you created are unlikely to give a damn. 
@_date: 2014-07-26 08:55:31
Sheri Brisky, or assumed 'girl [sic] friend,' reminds me of what every girlfriend/wife used to look like when their boyfriends/husbands dragged them to local car meets in SoCal in the early 2000's. I've only seen 2 girls at the bitcoin meetups I have been to and they were asking questions most noobs have so I saw it as progress considering my experience in my other male-dominated hobbies. 


Apparently she'll have to if she wants to keep her job as a barista as she says:


@_date: 2014-06-02 05:12:42
They don't... and I thought I was the only the one that noticed that, too. 
@_date: 2014-06-22 18:09:25
Pathetic? I'd prefer you didn't aggregate me with the masses. 
I worked in Europe for 2 years on my own dime, that I saved while diagnosing cancer and bought land at the age of 26 in cash... 
Back me with a minimum of 1 btc then, watch the returns come in. I promise your nation's inflation +1% from year one, even if I have to pay out of pocket. 
@_date: 2014-05-03 08:43:33
***Correction: Talks start at 12pm EST; 
James D'Angelo and the Armory guys are the highlight of this event; I just hope the benefactors of the MIT undergrad program take notes on wallet security and cold storage as James is perhaps the most effective (and noob friendly) speaker on the matter in the community, in my opinion. 
James, if you see this, please consider a walkthrough of the processes', or at the very least direct them to the myriad of insightful youtube videos while stressing its importance. 
Will this be recorded? I really don't want to sit through the litany of bitcoin foundation fodder if I can avoid it.
I'd really wish Andreas could of have made an appearance, he is most capable to speak to the souls and encourage 100's of great innovators like [Danielle Zurovcik]( to rise up.
@_date: 2014-07-29 07:00:44
True. My pedantic approach has backfired... you win. Have an upvote.
You're relentless, mate... And I don't mean that in a positive manner. 
@_date: 2014-01-18 19:34:47
Funny indeed. I thought Bitcoins killer app would be aiding Argentinians, Greeks, Cypriots from banking bail-ins and hyper-inflation; or remittance and low-cost solutions for fund transfers to economic sanctioned areas by the Western cabal (State). 
Porn is a drop in the bucket, and while amusing it is hardly a groundbreaking event. 
Either way, I wonder how much bitcoin it would take to get some 'retired' mare out of the stable if payment is denominated or delivered in bitcoin? I have a few names in mind. I was told Asia Carrera tried to re-brand herself on TV as a hottie-geek not long after retirement in the early 2000's.
@_date: 2014-05-30 16:38:59
So it isn't operational?
Well, there is always darknet markets in the mean time, I suppose. [Or, if you want high grade mmj with bitcoin, come to Colorado.](
@_date: 2014-06-20 19:59:52
Buy the motherfucking dip, y0!
@_date: 2014-04-19 18:40:33
When the Crypto community as whole can deliver something better than BTCJam for p2p lending I will agree, however, right now the name of the game thus far has been a litany of pump-dump scams and pre-order vaporware du jour. 
The ecosystem is still developing and while the current price may not entirely reflect its potential, I sincerely believe it will get there... I just don't believe we are 'there' yet.
Everything else is still just just as difficult as boot-strapping in the fiat World from my assessment. 
@_date: 2014-06-08 07:04:37
There is an organic bistro-restaurant in Pointa Pacifica according to coinmap: 
It seems to be the only food related business in the country, I'd try to talk to local stores within the area to see if they'd consider accepting it knowing this local restaurant accepts it, if nothing else they can go buy a meal at said resterauunt for this 'magic money'; the worst thing they can do is say 'no' and you already are working with that assumption. 
Does the mycleium app not show local buyers/sellers?
@_date: 2014-06-20 15:00:44
[Details. Context.](
I don't see the issue, its an opesource API, which is what we laud in this community; secondly, if you don't want to use it on your mac phone, don't and just log into your account with your laptop. This is isn't a life changing event.
Coinbase will eventually come out with there own proprietary app for the mac garbage, then you can download that; I mean, unless I'm terribly mistaken, you guys realize that your jail-broken iphone with the old coinbase app has the same risks? 
Of course all of this is can be solved quite easily: 
Yo, Vorhees/Veer/Winkleljhelhsalkdjhsalfkhsad bros and any guy with deep pockets willing to step up, [make the 2.0 of this happen]( 
Apple is the moody constantly PMS'ing bitch of an ex gf you never knew why you bothered with; she cost you an arm and a leg, the sex was boring and bland as was her aesthetics and she seldom did what you asked in return: we should treat them as such. 
Fuck you, Apple! I hate smartphones, but I will Android for BTC.  
@_date: 2014-09-11 08:15:50
I watched this video knowing beforehand that I would hate to say I have been proven correct once more and why I stress the need for decentralizing the food supply when opposing the The State:
*That is a step in the right direction, the lack of focus of the Bitcoin community in something as vital as agriculture is absurd; if this is truly a revolution, the 'powers that be' will always target the fragile (petro-dollar centric) food supply to get the masses in line or start massacaring each other, History has shown the latter to be the most likely outcome(s). If anything needs to be decentralized its the food supply/accesability.*
The Bitcoin/Crypto community needs to shift its focus here instead of giving a fuck what Apple's irrelevent middleman 'solution' garners. 
@_date: 2014-01-24 20:17:01
There is a shock: plutocrats and kleptocrats fail to embrace new monetary system that challenges their position in the World and diminish all the value of their ill-gotten gains! 
In other news, North Korea says: Internet not interesting nor worthy of adoption. 
While we're on the subject of obscene members of the Human race, I propose the bitcoin community should up the bounty for things like this: 
We could have a deck of cards with QR-code bounties, kind of like those the US DoD made for the Iraq invasion; except worthy of actual human conduct, and capable of lessening human misery rather that expanding it. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 16:46:41
Or you could... you know, not care and commend those who are taking up [Anarchystar's Bounty]( that (if implemented correctly) will phase out the festering carcass once and for all. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 07:33:07
Robocoin = not significant. 
Stand in front of it with your coinbase/kraken account fired up on your phone or laptop and make a local bitcoin-Satoshi square, then that will be significant. 
@_date: 2014-06-11 11:46:28


But I'll even take another event in NorCal and travel up there if I have to. 
@_date: 2014-06-20 19:54:37
Funny... April 15th came and went and their hasn't been any 'ahh man I got fucked by the IRS; I'm suicidal now'  or 'my cup of coffee got me an audit' posts around here, so while I hate the idea of thinking legislation does anything but screw with the serfs; if I have to choose I'd prefer a system that relies on self-reporting which is where it is now in the US. 
Either way they're both abhorrent. 
@_date: 2014-05-30 13:47:45
@_date: 2014-01-21 00:12:22
May I ask how you intend to achieve that? Are you US based to meet coin base criteria or are you in Ukraine, Japan or Slovenia? Mt Gox has way more headaches if you are not from Japan and have bank accounts in Japan from what you see on here daily. 
Best of luck and let me know if I can be of any help. Agriculture in India is something that no one should neglect, Monsanto's BT cotton wide-spread devastation of the Indian farming population should be deeply engrained in everyone's mind. They have Indian farmer blood on their hands. 
To this day I will go to great lengths to avoid any new clothing made in Shri-Lanka or Mumbai in addition to China; which often means buying used clothes made in Europe, US and South/Central America which is often more expensive than new clothing from the aforementioned countries--the latter two being less so. 
I wish you the best of luck!
@_date: 2014-06-12 15:52:05
Gold-silver was a one-world currency. They floated against stamps with monarchs and tyrants printed on them, but still the elements themselves were how all commerce was conducted, or at least reflected against, for most of modern civilization. Debt unfortunately still plagued the World even back then.


Exactly. I have a more reserved view of bitcoin 'critical mass,' as everyday passes; its simply too complex for that lay person to understand now, and unless the systems which will replace those use the blockchain protocol without the customer being aware of it, I think $XX billion market cap, which is still to be lauded when you consider where we came from since 2009, is where we will remain. 
Which in reality is nothing when you compare that to most industrialized nations, I mean that is less than the GDP of LA for example. 
@_date: 2014-06-20 15:29:01
Interesting concept, but I'm not sure what to make of it yet, but thanks for the link; I'll see how this develops, I'm not averse to alts nor 2/0 protocols--in fact I financially back them. But when I hear founders are dumping massive coin onto the market, it all screams of a pump-dump scam and makes me dismiss the concept entirely. Which is shame, but par for the course in the World of Crypto. 
@_date: 2014-06-24 16:55:25
Why? They may be more liniant on ATMs than they had before, but if you think the Swiss cartel is going to allow anyone to touch thier fledging fianancial industry goes to show how very you know about the Swiss--that is probobaly as much as 80% of their enitre GDP. 
There are better places, with more tech orieneted backgrounds, California is the most obvious but there are others; however, I can tell you right now its not the fucking sordid Isle of Jersey. (That place is a vile place and should be used as a monarch labor prison; they make and have good growing conditions for potatos.)
Even that absurd proposal to the Isle of Man is a better idea than the REAL 'Dirty Jersey.' 
@_date: 2014-04-06 19:35:06
I thought this may be of use for anyone interested on the matter:
I find this all academic and I feel that the following is the best solution:
(Which is where I made first bitcoin related transaction, mind you.)
@_date: 2014-06-09 12:08:32
As a total noob: MOST DEFINITELY!
A walkthrough to the basics and mechanics of API's and Android app creation are of particular interest to me, ideally written in python. 
Maybe even a little walkthrough of the code of certain bitcoin open source projects and highlight their features? As I said I'm a total noob, and my questions probably reveal that, but I would definitely love to see this happen! In any capacity, and perhaps with time we can send micro-transactions for a viable ongoing project to keep you incentivized to keep up the work. 
This is why the bitcoin community is so damn exciting to be a part of these days. Skill sharing is a vital part of creating a robust infrastructure and ecosystem. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 13:38:42
Not enough coins to spread out, I'm afraid; but now that I think of it I actually made about 20 unique cold storage wallets, I just never had enough coin to make use of them. But they're there. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 05:51:55
I'm debating it myself, especially after the Gox saga, which is why I want to hear what he has to say after being so fucked by the State. If this didn't turn him into an crpyto-anarchist/anarcho-capitalist nothing will. 
He has a substantial amount of bitcoins from what I gathered, if I were him I would be UnSysytem's angel investor, because he now knows why it matters more than most here ever will. (I'm not trying to rub it in, the guy has got enough stress on him as it is, its just worth noting.)
@_date: 2014-06-21 18:13:54
With multi-sig wallets! And when Dark Wallet comes out: Coinjoin and stealth wallets. But the arbitrator aspect its still the weak point in all of this, its very easy to lose the trustless aspect of bitcoin when its most needed when you rely on escrow systems. Even a well-intended arbitrator will have a difficult time proving the desired goods arrived in the described condition in order to release funds; tracking numbers are not enough. I have some ideas but they're not an entire solution, though. 
Still, this is a long time coming since they took down Silkroad and proved that TOR market places are not as robust we thought--Dread's story aside, its still very easy for the Feds to fuck your place of business. I'll still always call it Dark Market, though. You know... just because I can. 
@_date: 2014-08-05 08:41:38
That sounds awful. Why is this better than coinbase?
Also, isn't it entirely disingenious to say you have no fees as your MO and then hit you with a $10 surcharge on every purchase? This makes me think that he partnered up with VISA/MC to fleece the haphazard antics of the debtor class with a rise in interest rates on outstanding balances.
Like I said, I don't value their service, but if the Market is willingly giving them thier rmoney through harsh fees as well as their privacy to them well... who am I say anything other than don't get [Goxx'd](
@_date: 2014-08-13 06:05:57
Think of it as a long-term investment in your health to eat organic; the dividends reaped in what you don't pay in sick days, illnesses, mal-nutrition or intoxication-contamination based diseases. 
Believe me when I say its worth it, so try it and convince yourself you don't see improvements.
Ideally we'll get to a point of bitcoin adoption where it is used at all local farmer's markets, we're not there yet but I'm working hard on making it a possibility. 
Soruce: I'm a biodynamic farmer. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 07:27:48
Very nice! Any user stats or metrics on your user bases activity? 
@_date: 2014-06-24 21:22:06
Hyperbole: thy name is Mike Hearn.
@_date: 2014-07-24 11:58:50


That was embarrassing to watch, and if this is the kind of narrative upon which this 'initiative' is founded on California has more things to worry about than getting divided into 6: like what the hell are we going to do with the spent nuclear fuel currently sitting in front of the Pacific Ocean and a plant that sits on the fucking San Andreas Fault line while we know the 'big one' is inevitable. 
As far as I'm concerned this guy is an accessory to grand larceny, who the fuck cares what this criminal *Nostradamus* thinks? He should hang out with Supernintendo Lawskey in the 'no one asked and no one cares' corner of the World. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 15:22:31
I knew I have been shilling for DDG for the past 2 years for a reason; I have been trying to replace 'google it' with 'DDG it' amongst my social circle. 
I mean you might as well say *NSA it* now after the Summer of Snowden validated what we 'paranoid freaks' knew all along. 
@_date: 2014-01-19 22:43:43
If you still need a way to buy, my instant coinbase allotment is available; I will do it for gox price + 1% and a bank transfer, I'll send it to you in a set-up cold storage wallet if you cannot set one up. 
From there you can use electrum.
PM me if needed.
@_date: 2014-10-13 11:17:19
There is some hidden irony to this picture if you look hard enough: Tim Geitner's chicken scratch is on that tatered fiat and it was issued in 2009.


I think this should become a thing: marking every fiat note we use for conversion into crypto.


I've been on the internet since I was 12 and stuff like this never ceases to be funny to me for some odd reason.
@_date: 2014-08-16 13:43:35
Ehh, I'd do it if I had the coin/time.


Well... assuming he is still there, there is nothing preventing him from having another bowl at the one that does accept bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-05-30 14:20:25
I have had the displeasure (3 times, unfortunately) and I have never felt so oppressed in my entire, and I'm from the US. 
I walked down Baker street to take public transportation and stopped counting after seeing the 20th (observable) camera. The place has great music, and hell of a night if you're some arab sheik or have his bankroll from what I'm told; but the place has to be the biggest fucking obstruction of privacy I have ever been to. I got on a megabus and sat next to window with a big eye, the atmosphere was so ominous and oppressive, and I shared the bus ride with about 7 cameras inside... 
Now I know how you guys can make authors like George Orwell come to be. 
@_date: 2014-08-16 12:35:22
If they switch to LSD and open source all of their observations/data/experiments they'll get my donation, as well as a wealth of previous case studies, literature, and data from scientific trails done in the 50-60's by Leary, Stolaroff, Grof, Hoffman, et. al. 
MDMA would be a waste of time and resources--despite its deired 'novel' allure--if they really want to aid those suffering from an ailment similar to those conducted with various levels of success in the past: schizophrenia, depression etc... 
Psychedlic usage should have played a critical component in medicine, but instead we had Big Pharma pivot itself from just selling poisons in the battlefields of War and pushing its wares into every pharmacy on Earth. And generations of mentaly feeble, intellectually stillborne victims of psychotropic drugs as a result.
Best of luck to these guys, but its such an uphill battle getting recognition from the State for thier legitimate use that even places catering specifically to terminal cancer patients are restricted to its use in therapy. I think their is only one as of 2010 that was granted access under a small trial basis.
@_date: 2014-06-27 18:17:12
Big! 
I don't know how many in the bitcoin community are into drifting, but if you're an early adopter and you drift Satoshi just smiled down upon you. 
I'm not liking the prices on my regular tires, but then again I'm basing this off my old connection price so maybe that's what they really cost?
Either way, thanks, Vulcan, I'll look you up when I need some tires; but how do you know which warehouse houses what?


NorCal hella sucks (I couldn't resist after almost an hour of trying; I just had to after all these years.) And Florida fail, just for old times sake... ok, yeah, got that out my system now. 
@_date: 2014-06-14 14:52:20
I consider Jacob's work with the TOR project/Tails a popular uprising; but you're right very few of the population care--and I'm afraid I'm even talking about bitcoiners in that list. 


How about **"Duck it"!**
Google has 2 syllables, one more isn't a deal breaker but sure... and that would only work if people aren't thinking about cowering or some fictional Disney charter (Donald). 
@_date: 2014-11-10 03:43:39
There is a [PS3 up for grabs over at BitcoinMarket]( 
@_date: 2014-04-08 14:10:56
Any chance you can eli5 the install process?
@_date: 2014-07-28 09:28:21


Or... you could just buy gold. 
@_date: 2014-05-24 09:26:07
I'd really like to open the channels of communication and engage with all of you in the community so that we can implement this and other solutions you may have. 
@_date: 2014-05-03 10:54:40
I'm all for supporting Unsystem, as I have donated in the past and will continue to do so, but what exactly makes you think they are low on funds? Cody was asked in a recent interview if they needed financial support, and said they didn't at the time; Amir Taaki's group received 20k for hackathon in Toronto; Unsystem raised 50k for their work on Darkwallet; they have [15 BTC sitting in the multisig account]( and it keeps growing everyday. 
I'm not trying to discourage supporting Unsystem, far from it if you look at my post history I'm almost bordering on a fanboy; I just think unsubstantiated claims of their financial state from an outside perspective is unproductive.
If anything, I think their focus would be on raising funds and helping Ross Ulbricht's defense fund given how outspoken both Cody and Amir have been about the matter. (Brave New Books from Austin also threw their hat in the ring.) 
With that said, I really wish the Unsystem would address the matter of rewards on Indiegogo, but that delay could be due to their busy schedule leading up to both Dark Wallet and the Dark Market. Other than that the guys have been doing a sterling job and are certainly responsible for the most exciting progress in the community in a sea of PR friendly software name changes, Chinese fud, State regulations and countless Goxxing headlines!
@_date: 2014-06-25 00:34:59
Sure. I just remembered her face, for whatever reason.
Either way, the sources are plentiful, and the fact remains that those monarchs are a bunch of sick bastards and Jersey is their playground. 
@_date: 2014-04-04 22:20:01
Game Over:
Go to Wallet Details. Enter Private Key. Be sad as you count the transactions of your stolen funds. 
@_date: 2014-07-29 01:16:35
Further context (since its blocked now) for said 'sexist' remarks, by said 'idiot':


























@_date: 2014-07-28 05:09:40
I think this warrants an AMA with the creator, and for him/them to open source the code. Plus, just as I said with the guys who took over DarkMarket (Bazzar), who are the escrow users how will you overcome the intial absence of reputable ones, and lastly how will your service overcome the proof of delivery aspect to release the funds from escrow? 
I'd like to see this, in fact after Dark Wallet this is the 2nd in my top 3 things I want to see in the development side of bitcoin with Xapo bringing their ATM the 3rd on that list.
PS: You're talking to a bunch of crytpo nerds, no one here is going to dl some software where we run our wallets or miners from; think this a little but further. I'm getting a little bit of deja-vu of the whole stealthbit thing from a while back that stole a bunch of peoples funds, not saying you will, but like I said: think this a bit further, the odds are in your favor to follow through since you'd beat Bazzaar to the punch.
@_date: 2014-01-19 23:59:17
I upvoted you and this thread to counter the trolls, where are they headed to? Its in the upper 70's in most of the South right now. 
I'd be glad to help with pointing out some places depending on where they are staying and what their interest are (eg. is your son a young child or a teenager). If your wife knows how to use bitcoin there are a few restaurants and other venues taking bitcoin if they want to see what else bitcoin can buy them.
I wanted to buy my last flight with bitcoin, but I flew short notice and most of my stuff is in cold storage. How easy was it?
@_date: 2014-01-24 19:52:49
Guest pass? :)
@_date: 2014-01-21 00:18:21
Funny, we feed the homeless and attempt to aid poor farmers under tyrannical oppression in the 3rd World. 
I say let them play out there Cool Runnings fantasy if that is what they enjoy. But just of curiosity: what did this transfer do to its market cap/liquidity? 
@_date: 2014-05-17 18:27:11
They wouldn't take me, despite using a California address (I heard success stories from guys in San Francisco) and I was getting issues because it was a New Jersey service area. 
Any others?
@_date: 2014-06-17 13:43:52
[Ripple?] ( Hahaha!
I mean Doge would have been a better choice given its history as a gateway into crypto. 
@_date: 2014-04-07 23:16:34
@_date: 2014-06-10 17:50:32
Awesome, thanks, James!
@_date: 2014-02-04 22:17:17
Satoshi Forest is the Bitcoin Forest.
Edit: To Downvoters,
Not to mention that thread in Sept-Oct when one poster (shakethebass?) essentially paid for one year of the SF. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 18:52:13
Circle is going to Circle; lets just hope most people wise up to the no fee incentive trap and the Circling is quelled to a minimum and Circle becomes as relevant as an 8-track. 
The best thing you can do is just stop listening to this vapourware monger and his vapid comments. 
@_date: 2014-08-13 07:36:13
Fuck this PR campaign, make it first and then release it in the Wild and collect data about your observations: until then you Debit card/noob Bitcoin banking solution people need keep your fucking mouths shut: I'm looking at you Xapo, NeoBee etc... 
I'm now starting to see that bringing in legacy technology into the Bitcoin space is not just counter-productive but fucking absurd since we still rely on their networks to function. 
@_date: 2014-04-20 13:40:28
That's him.
@_date: 2014-05-31 10:48:07
*Amagi Metals and a few others are pro-bitcoin and also sell precious metals for bitcoin.*
I followed Schiff when he was with Ron Paul's crew in 2007 until the election, I phased out everything he said after he tried to run for Senator. These last months he has just embarrassed himself about what he espoused (Hayek's competing currency theories) in the late 2000's and he has since capitulated to the idea but he still won't stfu. 
I told myself I wouldn't touch EuroPac after his true ambitions were revealed, I bought PM before I ever touched BTC and I never even considered them, ever... so yeah.
Schiff, we have better options... go try to extract wealth and embarrass yourself  elsewhere.
@_date: 2014-07-24 11:35:36
If you call a cocaine and whisky induced frenzy which ended in a naked girl avalanche *suicide*... yes, yes he did. 
@_date: 2014-05-17 17:49:52
What institutional bank isn't 'an outright fraud?' I mean I have been using BOA as a necessary evil, and I would drop them in an instant when an alternative is found, but Capital One is not an option given TARP 2009:
Why ING/Capital One is not an option:
They may have 'paid' it back and BOA is by far no better, but until I can find a Credit Union I can register with faster turnover it will have to remain. I never keep anything in the account for more than 24 hours, I always transfer into BTC via coinbase and they take the funds in 1-2 days afterward. 
Anyone want to chime in on credit unions in the US that don't interfere with bitcoin transactions and have a 24-48 hour turnover from BTC to USD?
@_date: 2014-07-29 07:29:24
Ha... well I have this playing in the background: 
[War Is A Racket By Major General Smedley Butler](
@_date: 2014-07-29 10:55:47
Well done, Nikolas; I'm not a fan of ATMs, I mean at all, but what you did for the guys at the Bitcoin Boulevard still puts a smile on my face; if I ever get the chance go back to Switzerland I'll meet up wtih you guys in Zug and use your atm just for the hell of it. 
@_date: 2014-06-04 18:11:57
But Lammasu units are free to be placed in Switzerland?
There are two by my count, one in Zurich and one in Geneva. 
Sorry to hear about this latest delay, you were the guys responsible for getting an ATM to the Hague in the last minute for the Bitcoin Boulevard, right?
@_date: 2014-04-28 18:58:12
Guru? Other than a soundbite during the run-up in November '13 and his recent pursuit to buy out Mt. Gox: what else has this 'guru' done for or in the Bitcoin community?
**Brock explained**. "We don't really need it [Bitcoin] here [US]. It's not something that is going to change your life tomorrow, at least not for most of us."
He should consider the victims of bank accounts being shut down by big banks in his assessment... I'd say bitcoiners or porn stars (or anyone else the State wants to vilify) waking up and not having access to their funds is going to change your life significantly. Bitcoin is just as great an imperative in the US as anywhere else, as the aim for crypto currency is universal: a trustless and decentralized monetary protocol. 
Keep trying to get headlines, Guru.
@_date: 2014-02-07 00:02:11
















Hospitals not profit full
Yet market bulls got pockets full
To advertise some hip disguise
View tha world from American eyes
Tha poor adore keep fiendin for more
Tha thin line between entertainment and war
They fix the need, develop the taste
Buy their products or get laid to waste


Apple has been instrumental in making the unwashed masses feel rebellious while exerting the same extortionist-fascist business practices seen before them--and has subsequently become the most profitable company in the World doing so. 
Zach from Rage against the Machine politics not withstanding (an often nauseating mix naive Socialist-Communist utopia) was very perspicacious and spoke with great clarity on these matters. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 09:53:07
I'm not a trader so you'll have to assume I don't know what daily volumes are in bitcoin, but I do know that trading on weekends tends to be slow from experience.
I think this is a matter of context and subsequent expectation, I mean next to the forex or and VISA/Mastercard or even paypal that is a pittance, but what about it in relation to its market cap (at around approx 6 billion) isn't that about .05% of total value moving every weekend? So, I'll ask: not being a trader and not knowing or presumng to know what 'adequate volume or depth' is what should I derive from all of this?
@_date: 2014-06-24 20:42:52
I remember that chick that did the Dorain Nakamoto doxxing was actually kicked out of Jersey for trying to research these claims. 
@_date: 2014-05-30 10:09:01
Thank you again, mate! Your contribution will not be overlooked, I assure. 
All the best!
@_date: 2014-06-09 03:34:58


What are you doing this Saturday?
@_date: 2014-08-02 18:45:43
I'm intrigued, and would really like to express a few of my project I have going, unfortunately none coding/developing based, though since I'm still learning python; however, you have no post history, no references or links to who you are and what projects have you been involved in the past, so I'll ask the obvious:
Who are you, why are you getting into this space, and what are your long terms goals?
Obviously an AMA (ask me anything) would be better and then appealing to the community. 
I'll keep an eye on this thread. 
@_date: 2014-11-08 23:10:25
Not quite. Kamui Kobayashi crowd-funded his (eventual) return to F1 using Crowdfunding. Funny enough, he drives for Caterham... sometimes. 
Unless this ad is on a sidepod, nosecone or wing its simply not worth it; F1 itself is a traveling bilboard and will be lost in the sea of other more prominent teams (Mercedes more than likley due to the WDC). 
I like the idea as F1 is international with  many broad demographics spanning 5 continents, but Caterham is not where funds should be directed at this time unless the aforementioned is done.
Edit: Surname.
@_date: 2014-05-31 14:52:20
Good for you? 
I, however, am not in the habit of losing money and take all precautions to avoid doing so; also, I have been a working professional since 2009. Thus making what little expendable income I have not subject to losses due to haphazard practices in that time. I have, however, have had my property seized, been robbed by the State, though.
I will not comment on that matter, though. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 21:55:51
Armory client walk-through that does a good job going through the particular aspects for long-term cold storage and an elaboration to transfer from cold to hot wallets if needed: 
I'd diversify into other commodities if had that much in savings, gold and silver are the obvious ones, but arable farm land (then land-lease or crop share) or local farms are worth consideration; perhaps extending a line of credit at a reasonable interest rate (2-3%) to lessen the impact of inflation when denominated in Lira, which also adds liquidity in productive commerce and creates access of supplies for your restaurant which can later be bought at cost or near to it.  
@_date: 2014-03-28 22:02:52
Who needs silk road, eh? It seems the only ones in compliance with such a law is CO itself and WA. 
Funny enough I wanted to see who would be the first to do mail order stuff in CO, at first I though it would be red card holders; but this kind of initiative makes me smile. And with Colorado reaping from the additional windfall from taxes chances are they may just turn a blind eye to this, but this makes me recall images of legal dispensaries in California being raided by the DEA. 
What really pisses me off is that industrial hemp seed is illegal to import on a federal level and will be confiscated by Customs, yet the State is considering buying seed from Ukraine as a way to deliver 'aid' to the puppets they installed: 
The first sentence says it all, therefore its not hard to believe that industrial hemp seed is a scarcer commodity than high-grade weed or BHO in Colorado.
Can we go back to making bitcoin about actively undermining the State in the name of Agorism rather than continuously bitching about the price, again? 
@_date: 2014-06-19 14:38:18
Cool, now tell him to start online meetups with these guys: 
I personally tried to mentor a 17 year old bee keeper to do the same, and it was inspiring to see how quick they learn, its too bad his living situation impaired a great deal of his progress. Unfortunately I couldn't help him with that, though. Still it was a worthwhile experience to engage and create the bitcoin grommets.   
(Great, now I feel like an old man.)
@_date: 2014-05-28 08:32:41
Research in various fields have shown a myriad of things to 'cause' cancer, or more accurately have been linked to cancer, but yes diet changes a far beyond the best and most potent, and empowering form of preventive medicine in my opinion; such that I have shifted career paths from just another lab foot-soldier to biodynamic farmer because I believe that to be the cause for such great unnecessary misery in the world.   
Support your local organic farmer, or set up a co-op/garden share in your town--or my favorite [guerrilla gardening]( amazing what happens when you start eating better; the loss of many allergies and joint pains were the most (physical) significant changes for me.
I'll go even further and say: Cancer (industry) is a racket! 
@_date: 2014-06-17 13:49:19


You do realize why Satoshi created Bitcoin, right? 
Also, forgive my laymen's *understanding*, but what exactly does ripple do that Colored Coins or purpose built altcoins (Tatiana coin etc...) cannot? Not to mention Ethereum, and Mastercoin...
@_date: 2014-06-27 20:29:48
There can never be enough farms taking bitcoin; this one isn't certified Organic, but grows organiclly according to their website. I'm not vouching for them, I'm just stating what I read with a link: 


[Purchase from Niia Ranch] (
So, OP, what were they like?
**Side note: Any chance anyone reading this wants to do an interview kind of thing like the [Bit and Mortar] ( merchant showcase? I (a biodynamic master gardner) have a T3i and someone to do the editing for a reasonable price; I will travel for gas money/airfare (ideally in btc) to highlight Californian farms taking bitcoin.**
**PM me.**
@_date: 2014-06-04 20:28:31
This isn't to belittle you, but if you cannot grasp something like cold wallet storage, how can you understand matters such as side-chains, colored coins, etherium, master protocol even the blockchain itself or the myriad of other uses for crypto? This is where the really fun is anyway, watching the price like some pseudo day trader pales in comparison. (And their returns are never as good as hodling anyway.)
I think you're doing yourself a great disservice for discounting your intelligence, and dismissing these critical aspects due to the steep learning curve. 
Coinbase is better than most exchanges in terms of storage, most of it is stored offline/cold storage, but since they hold the private keys you have missed the point of bitcoin altogether: being your own bank!
Decentralized solutions are the underlying goals of crytpo-cypher punk-crypto anarchist movement; what you seem to want is a paypal clone by the sound of it. I mean even Xapo is still a better option... but, hey... there are only about a 100 'my coins are gone, and I'm suicidal now' posts on here. What's 101, I suppose?
I don't know how many times I'll keep directing noobs to this but what James does is priceless for those with a semblance of curiosity regarding what this technology has to offer. 
@_date: 2014-07-29 06:52:28
That he's addvocating for the monetary/currency in leiu of paypal, not the Blockchain technology which is far more than just currency. 
@_date: 2014-05-30 13:21:13
Let this be a lesson, clear your account yourself, and then request a closure. 
I hate to say this, but the running saying that when buying bitcoin 'never put in more than you can afford to lose' its obvious that the same is true for bank accounts. 
[I've personally went through an illegal takeover of a bank in 2008]( I never had funds in there for more than 48 hours (rent/tuition) and when it all went down (JP morgan and FDIC operate like a thief: at night) which I had predicted for over 5 months I was studying for an exam and went straight to the atm and grocery store to clear the $132 I had in there as saw the whole thing collapse. 
It sucks and you feel vulnerable when your money is taken from you with no recourse. TARP would later force my hand into a few strategic defaults. 
@_date: 2014-05-30 12:46:08
I always thought doing this near the [heliostat station in Andalucia]( but when Spain started [fining people for having EU mandated renewable energy generation]( I was at a complete loss how such an obvious overreach by the State was ruining a good opportunity. 
And for those who defy: Ole tus huevos!
We have [the largest one in the World in California] ( and I see such an obvious opportunity and after a few hours of research a few months ago I found out the land in the surrounding area is pretty damn cheap and pretty 'eco' friendly. 
*litlle ice age has begun so nothern european come there with heavy wallets*
After having worked in Northern Europe in agriculture for 2 years now, I agree; growing seasons are constantly being pushed further every year since I started my farming apprenticeship. Global warming was always a scam, and I told these N. Europeans to not antagonize the South too much because if this continues they will be pissing off those who hold up the food supply chain in Europe.
@_date: 2014-06-28 15:56:14
The snowball effect from Swiss 'legailzation' begins. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 19:21:16
Ask him yourself: 
He has a meetup in the SW of UK every now and then.
@_date: 2014-06-03 18:40:36
*As a Canadian I lol at this.*
As an anarchist I laugh even harder...
@_date: 2014-05-15 16:33:35
lulz... is there any coverage on the other more important speeches floating around?
@_date: 2014-04-09 22:22:43
Am I the only one who thought (read: want) this would end with a 'Let there be dark' kind of message?
I'll just assume that ATMs in the US are about as close as you can get to a financial prostate exam. I don't want to discourage any business in the bitcoin ecosystem, but: pass. 
@_date: 2014-05-28 10:01:17
Now they need to [violently oppress their citizens, comprised solely of 'chosen people' mind you, who are seen as threats] ( to the State, [committing crimes against humanity] ( and [antagonize bordering nations in foreign matters] ( to resemble those evil nazis they fought so hard against to free themselves from... oh wait... 
Never again?! Take a look in the mirror, Shalom(s)? 
@_date: 2014-08-12 09:16:36
Yeah, big up those guys; I wanted to do a agriculture based episode with them ever since I came back to California. But now I'm leaving again, however, is there a way contact them on here or via email? 
Let me know. 
I have a t3i and some vauge understanding of how it works.
Damn! Look at the buy and sell spread on that atm at the D, you get raped every fucking way possible using that thing. 
@_date: 2014-04-19 19:07:14
Lazy Journalism?
I found this dated February 19th from a CBS 4 (Miami) article.
 
I skimmed through it, and found it to not have much substance. Then again I wouldn't expect anything more from people who toe the line for a State's narrative best known for having tried to shutdown Sean's Outpost and actively tries to incriminate local bitcoin users: Florida fail. 
@_date: 2014-06-24 18:13:02




And a Global community to empower them. 
PS: This may sound cultish to the non-intiated looking in, but its quite likley that these children would have been used as cannonfodder in some pointless banker-war when they reached legal age had this technology not come into existance; at least Bitcoin has given them that. 
@_date: 2014-06-21 15:14:23


Where do you see a single USD in that video?
That is equivalent of about 50 USD changing hands by my count. 
And I hope that if they learned anything from all of this is that leaders are not necessary and are the anti-thesis to freedom, so many have sacrificed so much--often erroneously, and pointlessly--for this hard-earned lesson.
@_date: 2014-08-13 07:24:12
Haha... I said the same thing. And I wouldn't put that garbage anywhere near my ears; my Sennhesier and Koss pair do everything I need them to do. 
Chase can keep it's chinese slave labor garbage. 


I remember a set of crappy $20 'As Seen on TV' pans, and people signed up for some stupidly absurd banking services for them. Handing out rifles would seen counter productive to their business model, the obvious question being: why would I pay you to hold onto my money if I have a gun? 
@_date: 2014-02-09 22:34:27
Consider adding them.
@_date: 2014-06-21 19:46:20
Sure. But that is why for all of Man's great engineering marvels it proves why discretion and introspection will never be able to replicated by some apparatus or software. 
I personally think Putin is a terrible person, who like any Statist is willing to use any menas necessary including (but not limited to) the mantra of Nationalism to satisfy his libido dominandi, while 25 years ago he was murdering, brainwashing and stomping on the skulls of his fellow 'comrades' with the greatest of ease. But the fact that the Kremlin keeps putting money into creating a rather strong team of journalists together reporting from all over the World makes me think he is either the height of arrogance or he's just a massive imbecile. 
I mean remember that one girl from RT America that resigned on Air? That was like a complete soap opera/circus, with both sides showing how low they were willing to go; I honestly haven't watched RT ever since, I will catch a headline in their print media section, but I have found better sources for my current focuses for now. That may change later, but I haven't had a need to do so as of yet. 
Either way, I couldn't care less and I will continue to work to make Putin and all his counterparts-ilk irrelevant. 
Also, I think I found where she went; I always thought these guys were just guys who rejected MSM, now I found out she is also a fellow Health Scientist (if its actually her). 
Cool story if it is the Ekaterina Gracheva I'm thinking of: 
 
@_date: 2014-05-29 13:57:34
*Extensive training experience*
*The course instructor is Jonathan Birk, an experienced intelligence analyst with a background in telecommunications, social media and terrorism. Birk has taught social media courses for years and he holds a bachelors degree in intelligence studies.*
All I could find on a [Jonathan Birk is a sex offender from Indiana] ( Anyone else know who the guy instructing this is and what his history is other than what was provided? Any link to banks or mastercard? 
I have a strong suspicion this is the hounds being unleashed to [prevent AB 129 from coming to fruition]( their tired MO is to stoke fears on the nightly news and print media that drug dealer(s) (expendable informant/plant) who preys on underage school children was found to have 1000's bitcoin wallets upon apprehension and foiled from stealing little Janie from the park by another faceless steroid using Jack boot thug--thus dealing a deadly blow to the the evil underground bitcoin funded human trafficking business. 
@_date: 2014-05-16 14:27:52
On? This isn't an exchange.
You link to a bank account and additionally a credit card if you want instant buys, so... depending on the verification process where they ask some rather obscure questions it depends--I hadn't lived at an address they kept referring to since I was in grade school and I'm now on the other side of the World. 
So in total it took me about 3 attempts to finally buy in, which I think was a little under a work week. 
Edit: If you mean when you sale from Coinbase, I have only done it once and it took 3 work days (5 really including the weekend).
@_date: 2014-07-29 06:11:10
If you want to get pedantic, then even you are wrong.
1. Bitcoin: Blockchain technology upon which bitcoin exists.
2. bitcoin: monetary protocol which rests upon Bitcoin.
As for the image. Ehh... post-it-notes really aren't going to send the message you desire it to. A QR code sticker with said info with meterics to evaluate its traffic would have been a better option. 
@_date: 2014-05-25 10:48:19
Bitcoin basics (watch both):
@_date: 2014-06-07 15:34:10
Well that is entirely possible, but unlikely to occur unless some angel investor or VC decides to play in uncharted territory. 
Paging and all angel investors: I'd be willing to spearhead this as my agriculture will utilize industrial hemp as companions to vegetables for what I have found to be a more disease, pest resistant and tastier end product. 
I'm currently finishing up my apprenticeship in Bern, which has a marijuana grow shop that accepts bitcoin, and I have contacts in Switzerland, and Colorado to achieve these goals for industrial hemp as well as marijuana. So pass on the word that can make this happen; its just a matter of resources and creating a mutually beneficial business model. I look forward to the opportunity. 
Ahh, also look out for my project which will be trying to market itself with [permacredits in the fall with the alt coin release. ] (
@_date: 2014-06-25 01:16:05
So they pick on the little guy(s) in order to create a cartel and call it legitimizing the bitcoin monetary system? Seriously, who the hell is SBEX?
I'm so sorry this happened; [I still remember how big a smile I got as I was monitoring and refreshing the thread where your CEO stood up and helped the dutch guys at the BB. It was an awesome memory to see the community come together like that.] (
I'm not a fan of ATMs, at all, but that made me think if I ever saw one while I was in Switzerland I'd use it just because of what happened that day. 
@_date: 2014-12-31 22:50:06
So wait, bitcoin isn't *money* but an **asset**, yet it can be used to pay for parking tickets (infraction-tribute) to the State? 
Does this then constitute (consentual) asset forfiture? 
Seriously, fuck NY already and I hope they forget what crypto even is at this point; nothing good will come from this and they are poisoning the narrative for what crypto was meant to liberate us from: oppressive, tyranical regimes whose existance relies on our financial, mental and physical opression. 
@_date: 2014-05-30 13:09:54
[Yup]( and [banks do not](
@_date: 2014-08-13 09:20:03


You need to look further than your current sources of information then; when you rely mainly on an enclosed system for your animals diet you offset not just uncessary expenses and inputs but overcome what you have just mentioned by almost 90%; the 10% being that arable farm land is always a finite resource.
Look into how biodynamic animals, speciffically cows, are raised and come back with a better overview and I'll try and fill in what may be missing regarding your 'miniscule difference.'
Also, try and get your hands on some if you can and see if it tastes the same as GMO corn fed beef you get from conventional farms. The differnce is night and day if you any sembelance of a pallet. 


See response to UlyssesSKrunk. 
Also noteworhy: The global vitamin and supllement industry is worth $68 billion, which encompasses the creation of a synthetic capsule-liquid delivered version of something you should be getting solely from your diet, water and body.  
No, I think the benefits are very obvious if you know what metrics to use. 
@_date: 2014-02-09 17:26:05
Wow. These premiums are getting out of hand, Coinbase!




@ 17:24 GMT
@_date: 2014-11-10 03:13:15
A notable mention because its almost been a year, and it always reminds of the events surrounding the ATH: 
[MdotStrange - Blockchain bitch ain't nuthin to fuck with!](
Oh, and +1 for *From the Bottom*, Jason was skanking out to that in DC when Zhou Tong dropped it while everyone was lame and just sat and watched. This was not long after the guy had just ran from Florida to California, too. 
@_date: 2014-08-23 19:50:37
I wasn't sure on the exact figure and I'd like sources on that figure, but lets assume that is the case; I'll ask how much of your economic growth, wages and employment figures are derived from the banking and lending practices from having such large reserves of CHF, most of it from foriegn clients? 
And lets ask the obvious question in terms of reserves, your currency only holds the value that it does because of the reputation from its banking sector, your maunfacturing, agriculture, property value and goods/services sector combined could NEVER maintain the purchasing power that it has if it were to rely on its merits alone; thus the value of your currency would plummet in respect to the current monoliths if it were measured on them alone: USD, EUR, CHY JPY. (LA County alone has a larger GDP than all of Switzerland and Tokyo, not even all of Kanto, is over double its size!)
This would cause an influx in the stanrdard of living, because even now (I left in June) if you solely look at the purchasing power in terms of its abilty to exchange goods/services it becomes clear that the CHF when used locally cannot offer your ability to 'be just fine' in any capacity.  
Lastly, with Switzerlands 2 largest trading parteners (EU and US) continuing to play legilative hardball on this matter, what will become of what relatively small but expensive exports you do have? A devalutaion of the CHF (worse than the EUR to CHF peg) would put a lot of people in poverty there due to the high cost of living, and it may be kept afloat due to Switzerland's lofty social programs and large reserves of CHF in the short term but in the long run you will find yourself in the same pre-1940's living standard. An increase in export prices would make it untennable due to German counterparts for about +50% of most goods/services Switzerland provides.
Its not so simple, and I haven't even got to the most dire of scenarios in my view: agriculture and energy and the subsequent implications that come from its absence. 
With that said, I have every confidence the Swiss people are intellegent and see the writing on the wall which will help them diversify in a strategic and effective manner to the best of their ability, as I have seen it and worked with them to do so; whether the State does is another matter eniterly and that unfortunately has severe consequences. 
@_date: 2014-05-28 09:03:46
And yet another one of these, I suspect the tally number will continue to grow with these legacy institutions. 
We cannot bitcoin fast enough, ladies and gentlemen. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 10:36:48
Thanks for that insight, while it may seem like a precarious situation to some, I simply see it as a buying opportunity. I made some pressured sales at 450 due to traveling... I intend to make that back. 
@_date: 2014-08-24 03:45:54
Ahh, harsh... wait, unless google translate has entirey fucked ths up it says its for a pub crawl in the title, and then says that its only 2 euros worth in the body of the article.
Any word on MIT's allotment? Courses start in the 1st week of Septemeber, are they waiting until classes begin or before?
PS: Where in the EU can you get a drink for 2 euros? 
@_date: 2015-05-19 06:40:59
Its getting lonely in here on page 4:
Any artist on r/bitcoin want to post their soundcloud here for consideration and hopefully get this on the first page? It would be nice to spread the wealth through as many genres as possible?
Remember, Soundcloud accounts aren't limited to just music, there are podcasts posted there regularly; in fact my next tip will be to one just to add some variety into the mix. 
Loading wallet as we speak!
@_date: 2014-06-09 17:41:14


Surely one can accept the risk of such an undertaking when dealing with less than 1% of daily turnover or profit, I consider this no different than a hedged investment; *risky...* perhaps in some peoples eyes but assuming said investors and shareholders are given full disclosure I cannot see such a dire downside to it with such a low risk-high reward incentive structure especially when you see the metrics of gains made when simply holding btc for periods longer than 6 months. This is no different than a business diversifying its savings or investments to maintain a net positive cash flow, especially during periods with volatile fiat rates if dealing with international commerce. 


There are countries which have no tax liabilities/VAT for bitcoin, Slovenia comes to mind, so it can be a net positive for the businesses' net cash flow; but to be honest, I was actually focusing on 1 man start up, because as you clearly stated when you start dealing with larger institutions, this can pose a much larger liability as a moving target for the State's henchmen: tax man. And in the US, which is where many businesses in bitcoin are likely to be, bitcoin taxation still relies by and large on self-reporting. So, I stand by my position.
@_date: 2014-06-10 18:17:02


*One payment of $249 (After Early Bird -$499)*
*The Online Global Bitcoin Conference starts on June 9th and goes through June 20th.*
@_date: 2014-05-25 11:51:53
I just went link digging and saw this:
Judging by the listings it seems to be the most popular of all ebay competitors I have seen thus far, maybe all of you guys should work together and working on the platform with the largest user base to gain the most traction. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 07:54:04
A superior monetary protocol: blockchain.
Merchant adoption and VC money may play a part, but I'm of the opinion that its actually the culmination of the underprivlidged-disenfranchised and those that pissed off at banks et al coming an understanding of the underlying mechanics of bitcoin; which may be coming in waves. 
But, who knows... or cares, if you're looking at the price as indication of Bitcoins (yes, Capital B) success, it showa just how myopic your views really are. The technology and what it affords is the revolution, not how much shit you can buy on your phone with 'magic internet wizard money.'
@_date: 2014-01-20 00:42:48
You bet, mate.
Well, its too early for him to go to Lego land and Science Discovery Center and the like, but there is always build a bear in Fashion Island in Newport, and well a lot of toddler stuff to do at the spectrum in Irvine for pocket money--Ferris wheel, train rides, etc... The parks in Southern Orange County (Lake Forest and south is ideal) are pretty cool venue for most play-date events if the weather permits and easy on a budget if you pack a picnic.
Yeah, February and March is when it actually rains in Southern California; so fingers crossed. 
And as always: 
@_date: 2014-09-07 00:59:39
Making it rain gold again, I see; next time do this for startups as an Angel investor, Bitcoin needs one right now.
PS: Not a soccer mom.
@_date: 2014-06-22 16:28:51


See, in Bitcoin the 'trickle-down' model the State could never get to work is an actual success: yay crypto, yay escorts!
Thanks, Andreas; I'm more of a 'behind the scenes guy' with my involvement in bitcoin myself, so I'm aware of how you putting yourself out in the forefront like that takes a great deal of courage, considering what happens to people like you when we take a brief look at History. 
You may be 'broke' in a financial sense, the millennial curse affects us all which is mainly why we're all here; but you're rich in every other sense; so when you ask yourself which would you rather have: a man-sized vault full of fiat/paper wallets, or a World-Community you actually want to live in then this becomes crystal clear. I hope to meet you soon, to convey my appreciation and a handshake for all that you've done thus far.
@_date: 2014-07-29 10:44:30
That was a poor showing by the Swiss government, it wreaked of a protectionst racket supporting one entity and making everyone else have to modify theres or having it suspended. 
Good for BitcoinSuisse AG, he deserves having his atms back online, did he even get to launch before they shut him down? Also are they still one way machines with the smart phone option removed?
Any word on locations? The cafe where they have the meet ups in Zurich has the lamassu unit I used.
@_date: 2014-07-03 20:51:24
This reminds me when I arrived to Banca Nazionale del Lavoro last year at mid day and the ATMs were turned off, out for lunch apparently; I came back 2 minutes before 5pm after work and they shut them off, too.
I was so fucking mad I went to the local whatever bank across the street and was ready to pull out my money with fees, then I thought about it and bought bitcoin instead. 
I'd say local bitcoins is the best option for what is immensely slow adoption of bitcoin in Italy--I know, I was trying to rally up support for it in Emilia Romanga that has a history of anarchism (of sorts) with the 'Partigiano' history, but I was still turned away as a mere hustler of wares. 
*There are no political saviors here*
Or anywhere, but I'm glad to see you say that as what we are doing transcends the indoctrinated habit of servitude: the illusion of voting and being governed by violence or the threat of it.
**Parlamo per PM, me piace dar una mano.**
@_date: 2014-05-16 14:13:23
Any chance on the turnover from btc to fiat to be reduced, robin?
I just got screwed by Visa because I thought liquidating a cold storage wallet would take 72+ hours selling on coinbase.  
@_date: 2014-03-01 22:43:35
What exactly are you doing of any significant difference than what is taking place here:
As far as I see can see relying on an impotent member of the Bitcoin foundation (eg: Mt. Gox) and CEO's of some alt coin is hardly more reliable than ex-patriots who have had an active role in the logistics in Kiev.
I don't want to entirely dismiss your efforts, though I'm highly skeptical of what your agenda really is, if anything you guys should be directing your resources to them in some sort of collaborative effort rather than assume you have ANY IDEA of what is taking place in Ukraine, let alone how to best distribute the funds to where they are most needed; I mean do any of you even have access to Ukrainian bank accounts, or customers with them so as to convert BTC to goods/services? 
And by what exact criteria are you basing your distribution of funds? 
@_date: 2014-03-22 12:40:31
And a fraction of one NSA spy center, that kept self-immolating:
I always wondered why global warming types seem to neglect the impact of US DoD and its cohorts energy usage when describing carbon footprints.
@_date: 2014-06-23 15:55:29
What OS do you use and what login features and transfer confirmations does 'mintpal' (what the hell?) have to avoid such a thing?
And as always: 


@_date: 2014-06-19 14:00:34
True. Especially when we're portrayed as THE International currency. 
If you really want to I can act as mediator for your purchases from the US for tips. But, the truth is there is a major German retailer that takes bitcoin that launched a few months back. You'd have to dig that up as I'm going from memory. 
But it is is aggravating how few in Europe accept it, especially being from California where the most progress is being made, it seems to me. But the truth is I'm not really into Bitcoin-bitcoin for the consumption aspect, so it subsides quite easily.
Anyhow PM me if you're interested, we can run the numbers before you commit to anything. I cannot imagine how much getting a 60'' plasma would be from California to say Provence. 
@_date: 2014-12-13 08:18:39
Did this puclication mention how the German Government refused to use Microsoft's (closed-software) Windows 8 [due to a valid fear of it being compromised?](
I'm not sure why so many of you are so happy about this, MS is the antithesis of the Bitcoin-open source philosophy; sure they have a huge market share, but do youreally want to overlook the implications that come with it? (It certainly isn't helping the price, as we're not even at half the ATH from last year.) 
I swear I'm starting to believe that if Lockheed-Martin accepted Bitcoin from the Marshalls to finance drone strikes in Yemen the same people would be elated and in circle-jerk mode: at which point I would entirely move into Darkcoin. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 06:53:53
He has a motorcycle if I remember correctly, he was bitching about SoCal traffic so I guess he finally got fed up with having to travel by car? 
I think he should put a qr code livery so that Branson or someone with deep pockets can do some PR while they're rubbing shoulders with the affluent in San Marino, St. Moritz or Monaco this summer.
@_date: 2014-02-13 23:46:01
And Retroshare is free. And open source. 
@_date: 2014-09-06 05:43:43
Its been done.
Talk to these guys about buying Supercars; they've sold Teslas and Lambos before and I think I saw a floating list of their inventory with a few Ferraris. No GTRs were listed from what I recall, though, but maybe they can work something out.  
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:02:08
Not before achieving their real goal: to place a chilling effect on merchant adoption in the UK. 
[And it was a proposed 20% VAT which was later retracted by HMRC.] ( 
This was a personal kick in the nuts, but I did have a laugh when I found out what HMRC meant; serfdom is alive and well in the 21st century.
@_date: 2014-05-31 12:37:20
Do yourself a favor:
@_date: 2014-06-20 15:25:39
Cool, dude; keep me posted. I just saw the follow up of the [homebrew atm on here] (
I just got in touch with Vitalik about something that I think is critical to the ecosystem and local Colorado economy. I cannot discuss details right now, but hopefully I can update on the matter soon. 
Perhaps we can get a meet up together when I have a chance to go back to Colorado, maybe Mid-to late Fall for the hemp harvest and my field preparations or at the very least a VoIP chat session to engage with the community there while I'm in California. 
My place is in Park County and as I said I will mainly be in Denver/Boulder/Colorado Springs/Aspen area by the way. Have you guys visited the gas station in Greely? That would be a cool meet up spot, and some good PR in the local news and the internet limelight: Bitcoin meetup group defies nay-sayers and fills up tanks and buys snacks with Bitcoin!
There is so much cool stuff in my head about how Colorado and Crytpo will go hand-hand in the near future. What I can say is that I'm working on being the first biodynamic farmer in the US/World to accept crypto for my vegetables, fruits and misc products. 
Watch this space!
@_date: 2014-12-30 09:28:19
**For nearly one hundred years, the NSA and its predecessors have been engaging in secret, illegal deals with the American telecom industry, with both virtually immune from prosecution.**
Tl;dr: This is an amazing presenttation from the 31C3 from James Banford who has been writing about the NSA since the 80's; he reveals how the NSA infiltrated major communication companies in the US in the 20th century as a means to intercept and collect data. Western Union's history, it seems, is one tied directly with the NSA.
Makes you (no longer) wonder why all the hoops have to be jumped through to do a simple remittance, doesn't it?
@_date: 2014-05-28 20:36:56
Romanji onegai... 
@_date: 2014-03-02 16:04:32
Sorry I overlooked this thread as I was researching your and Viktor's twitter feeds. 
Thanks for the update!
Lets get this on the front page, I'm sure I'm not alone and feel as though we have had enough of the Gox Drama for one life.
@_date: 2014-05-31 13:35:32
[Bitcoin meetups?] (
[Calafou/CIC?] (
@_date: 2014-07-29 06:34:29
And I think you might be intrested in this:
I'm not trying to dismiss your efforts, far from it, its just that pedagogy's methods is not the only way in which a child learns; in fact I'd go so far as to say its the least effective form of it--especially since its 19-20th century roots (modern formal education) as I mentioned is built upon an archiac caste-warrior nation system to serve the needs of large fascist industrial oligarchs.
If I'm honest I'd prefer to see them procuring tools and equipment and gain practical work experience to empower them in order to lift themselves out of poverty through a craft or vocation that they can implement in the next 2-3 years (typical time for an apprenticeship) than to dedicate any resources to what is essentially a useless piece of paper that denotes their 'basic' aptitude according to some abritrary rurbric--and how many children possess the same piece of paper with no employment prospects in India? 
India needs more farmers, which is why I stood up as soon as I could to your fellow countrymen's dillema given what atrocisties Monsanto-Syngenta has commited there--I think these children would be ideal candidates for it, and if they want to learn about biodynamic or organic agriculture I'd like to help as much as I can. Obviously  coders devlopers would be ideal given our mutual intrests in cryptology but even textile workers would be a suitable trade as well in my opinion. 
In short: schooling is not the answer. I say as a health scientist with the honor letters, and letters of recomendations I recieved in my undergraduate and as person who is now actively involved with people from MIT and Caltech; its simply not worth dedicating any resoruces into the old economical model, so why should we send the most finite and essential one of all: human capital.
Either way, I don't wish to discourage you; I hope it goes well, but as I said, if what you really want to solve is an obvious problem and not just create another self-satifsying PR stunt you'd see it too.
@_date: 2014-08-13 07:10:38


I'll provide a rebutall for you two onlyon the basis that you provide sources/studies for your statements and a coherent arguement to support it; until then I'll consider them the hollow statements from the misinformed.
Just so you know, I'm also a cellular-molecular biologist with a background in diagnostics in oncology.
@_date: 2014-07-28 09:21:48
Which is why I said lets see some metrics to support the idea that a sell of X can lead to a drop of Y: 
*But I'd like to see some trading volume numbers just in case, scour the blockchain txs since Fridays 'dip' and get back to us.*
I just think the market is functioning in the way that it does anytime big merchants come on board, it seems to be that BTC price is always altered by new *major merchant adoption; which makes sense if you think about it since these merchants (Dell, Alienware, Expedia, etc...) use coinbase/bitpay to convert their sales to fiat on a daily basis.
Either way I'm not worried about the fluctuation, just sad I cannot buy more right now, though I really wish I could. 
*Note: Unless you're Patrick Bryne, who is doing a sterling job thus far, at overstock who is keeping some of his sales in BTC and encouraging merchants to do the same. 
@_date: 2014-01-29 00:25:22
Interesting, not for the goods transferred but as you said: it has overcome the barriers of a conservative culture essentially fixed on 18th century norms. Its not an entirely bad thing, but it has its limitations when discussing applicable 21st century efficiencies in business models, let alone actual implementation. 
I'm a vintage tractor fan myself, these look like CAT monsters to me. At least its not a 'green giant.' 
@_date: 2015-05-19 21:10:42
Well, consider that its been less than a week, and that there were bugs from the get go (look at my post history since you like doing that to see how bad it was on day one). 
I think 200 tips, if that is the true number, is low but instead of just calling it a *flop* I'd rather do something about it... perhaps in vain, or perhaps not?
I'm going to just keep going until this last top up runs out.  
@_date: 2014-06-21 14:01:27
I think I heard someone talking blockchain stuff when making their purchase as they mentioned the bitcoin qt client; its funny how Slavic languages all have the same inflection-tone-melody to me, it was almost like hearing Croatian/Slovenian/Czech to me. 
@_date: 2014-06-03 19:45:39
Did anyone get the metrics from that ex-Spice girl who tried this? I recall people just throwing money at her because she was the first to do so, and then deleted the garbage she calls music; and I think this was during the run up, right?
She probably cashed out a the peak, too. 
As for this guy, not interested; I like my bitcoin music in ZhouTong'd flavor. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 22:38:11
This is cool, especially for supporting independent artists with no age limits (credit card fees, Paypal limitations). There was this competitor to Soundcloud posted here where like bandcamp you could post your music for free (I don't think the mentioned a bandwidth limit, but it was a while ago) and receive tips from users in order to support your composition and ideally future efforts for mastering and eventually touring and so on. 
I think that is a superior model to Soundcloud's bitcoin adoption because while Pro Soundcloud is a cool thing to have, and kind of a new standard for music artists now its still not embracing what bitcoin can offer--a decentralized monentary system that can, by means of micro-payments, support a multitude of content from young artists in a profitable manner, thus further destabilizing the music industry gatekeeper's grasp on content.
I look forward to the day we don't see artists being ripped off by management and ticketmaster, that latter platform can achieve that, soundcloud (in its current state) cannot
@_date: 2014-06-15 01:12:37
No, [but a dealer in Newport Beach, CA does] (
I have mixed feelings of Tesla, especially given its origins as a company; but I'm glad that California is able to show the World we're more than just VC dominated Silicon Valley when it comes to tech and that we can compete in the auto manufacture space, too; I saw a few Teslas in Europe, and [I even saw the Lotus looking one in Ferrari land (Emilia Romanga, Italy) last year. I think it might have been this one actually.] (
@_date: 2015-05-06 10:26:09
That is perhaps the most contrived way of owning-holding gold and has so many obvious shortfalls; there was a saying back in the day regarding PM 'if you don't hold it, you don't own it.' 
This came to be when other *audited* PM holdings companies and ETFs/contracts proved to be a scam when trying to take delivery of physical. 
Do yourself a favour, if you still want gold buy from Amagi and hold on to it; if liquidity and divisibility become an issue, you'll soon realize the value/benefits Bitcoin has over PM. It is a worthwhile experiment that I myself have undertaken with silver; try spending both and see which is easier to convert to goods/services and draw your own conclusions. Mine was that trustless, programmable p2p currency can out perform and profoundly shift even the most entrenched views one may have about the history of money based upon on utility alone. 
An ounce of gold (about 5 BTC) can fit just about anywhere since its so small you needn't worry about space. 
(I have heard of some services that do what you mentioned, but unfortunately for you they are all US based; this is particularly odd, given that the word for 'money' in both German and Italian is in fact *gold*.)
@_date: 2014-06-23 15:31:49
Keep up the good work, gents.


Go away your words contribute nothing, your time is better spent reading up on Kryptokit.
@_date: 2014-08-12 10:01:45
[Does Italy count as a collapsing country?](
Do you know a guy named Cody WIlson? You should look him up. 
@_date: 2014-01-22 01:09:42
Great news, Jason; I cannot believe what I saw when that petition by some local who sought to evict the members of the Forest on the basis of a decline in property value was posted here a few days ago. 
That is not just greed that is malice in its purest sense. 
Just out curiosity, what is the zoning at the Forest and how is the farming/cultivation plan(s) advancing? PM me if you'd like to go into more depth. 
@_date: 2014-03-21 20:07:28
If you're willing to take a calculated risk, I could allow you to use my coinbase only bank account (US) for direct deposit from your paycheck and then we can buy BTC and send to your wallet. 
I went to the Zurich meet up this week and I want to start a Swiss based escrow service, this could be my first 'proof of concept' example to enter the community. 
PM me for further details and we can work out the details. 
I know how frustrating this can be, Post finance took $25 from me back in December to cash out my fiat from USD to CHF, and then refused to give me Euros without another exchange/conversion fee because I wasn't a member. 
@_date: 2014-05-15 17:46:17
Cyprus 2013. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 16:16:46
Fellow molecular biologist checking in here with a background in Leukemia and Lymphoma diagnostics (flow cytometrist).
I abandoned my independent research in P53 induced apoptosis via vitamin D and analogues (D3 and eb1089) in my last year of undergrad. I found my avenues as an indebted undergrad with a J.O.B. (just over broke) position to be a dead-end if you had any desire to see your product/method/drug/therapy come to Market when its controlled by the Pharmaceutical Industrial Complex.
With that said, I commend your efforts in raising those funds, I bookmarked your link to read when I have a chance along with about 15 back issues of Cell and Cancer magazine that I haven't gotten around to reading. 
But, would you consider open requests on certain oncology based studies? In particular radiation effluence (exposure) and contaminated food induced malignancies? I'm sure Japan and the Pacific US--really the World, but I digress--could really benefit from researchers in major universities in Harvard and MIT that can help give credibility to what I think is actually self-evident:
I would gladly consider a modest monthly based donation for studies to be done in that area, perhaps its THE micropayment success story waiting to happen? [I'm working on convincing the author of that blog to accept bitcoins in lieu of banks] ( any of you guys happen to speak fluent Japanese?
@_date: 2014-08-05 11:33:31
Its harder than you think, I hate mobile phones with a passion--the tech is brilliant but most of the modern applications are abysmal--, so I have relied on 90% of my communication to be on PgP email and encrypted VoIP mediums for about 3.5 years and the learning curve for most to get to terms with the technology is honestly unbearable. 
Plus it you're from the US they already have access to the most sensitive, private and vital info at any given time, and they already have a reason to suspect you since you're already on some list(s) by now anyhow. Tie that to a farce of a justice system and well, its almost better to assume you're fucked and work around it. 
In short: it can be done for about 70-90% of your communication if you mainly speak to tech savvy crypto nerds, but when you venture out of that sphere... dear god. I once had to teach my mom about PgP via sms; its possible, but increibly difficult. I finally had to comrpomise due to the nature of my work and just keep it short and sweet when I'm on the phone. 
@_date: 2015-05-09 07:06:15
It's probably the same reason why they are not 'giving a fuck' about heavily investing into renewable energy like solar, because they essentially are sitting on endless amounts of it with the all the resources, capital and land to make it do a quantum leap if they really wanted to However, since they derive(d) all of their wealth from petro-war-oppression they don't bother and will instead myopically create artificial islands, highest skyscrapers and indoor ski slopes. 
Also, these idiots are too busy paying for 1000hp+ Nissan Patrols to race Ferraris and Lambos and unfortunately they don't run on electric. (Nissan still makes some of them solely because of how much they buy every year!)
Maybe Tesla should make the Model S and X with those numbers, then maybe these guys will be begging to build Supercharger stations all over the place and be the biggest buyers of the Tesla batteries. 
PS: I knew a guy, who mentioned he grew up super poor, from my days in motorsports who went to Saudi Arabia during the boom era to paint cars from some the bored nobility; he mentioned investing heavily in solar, but they dismissed him and made him paint their Mercs, Land cruisers or Supra in some tacky poor taste manner--I'd say it was poor waste of talent but the guy lived well by the stories he'd tell us young 20-somethings. Only to leave it in the desert when they ran out of gas, I personally won't weep when these guys have their (mainly) fiat denominated wealth vanish. 
@_date: 2014-04-08 19:01:25
Perhaps, but what is the harm in playing around with an interface that provided I dedicate sufficient time, research and patience will become my primary way to do bitcoin transactions? As you read above, no one is bothering to deposit funds to it, neither will I. 
Why should we discourage intuitive learning? I like immersing myself with a seemingly complex task(s), I can make mistakes (many at times) and learn from the process. I will also be able to appreciate the mechanics of a non-alpha version even more provided I know what some of the early bugs were. 
I'm just not familiar with Chrome, I use Ice Weasel, Tor browser and Firefox. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 18:11:24
Well, with a bit of careful planning you could have made it to a bitcoin meet up or used an ATM in either country, assuming you meant USD; but having been an avid traveler for the past 2 years I agree that is not always possible.
I agree, if I lived next to an international airport and had some free time I'd consider sitting with my laptop and coinbase account next to the fiat exchange kiosk; I'd also consider using lyft (or is uber that is currently a target) to get there and back and try to get drivers to accept bitcoin for payment. I had a similar experience in Switzerland and I gave some satoshis for one curious driver in addition to the fare. Hopefully he follows up and attends the meetups as suggested. 
@_date: 2014-06-25 03:59:16
Damn, those look my Swiss military boots, and those things suck to work in. 
I'm looking to buy some new ones now that I'm back in California, and I'm looking at some goretex, high top, with steel-toe stuff any recommendations? Something that breathes well, too. 
@_date: 2015-05-26 01:02:59
In addition to availability, I had a hard time finding net cafes, whilst in other '3rd world countries' in the East they are plentiful and have no throttled/bottle neck connections or time periods.
With the TPP being in the limelight World wide we should really be pushing the meshnet agenda while quite a large amount of people are listening. This worked with the anti-gmo movement, and that has taken off--relatively speaking, of course, but still a great success in my mind.
@_date: 2014-06-21 18:27:19
Bother? No, I don't rely or acquire my information solely from one source, and the fact they have a series of independent journalists (some who accept bitcoin, mind you) on the front line of revolutions/conflicts/uprising etc... makes me think there is some degree to impartiality in their reporting at least. What gets edited is another matter entirely, which is why I wish we can start a simialr platform for journalists to upload all their content, unfiltered, unedited Wikileaks style for public scrutiny for crypto. 
Igor's reporting on Ukraine on RT was biased at times, but the footage didn't lie, and much of what he said was actually being corroborated by what I found on Twitter feeds/sources from people on the ground in Maidan. Crimea was harder to swallow, of course, but that is why you do your own legwork. 
The fact that its state subsidized does bother me as an anarchist, but I'm also a pragmatist so I can overlook certain things if they aid in achieving my ends goals. 
It is disruptive technology, and both the US (State) and Russia (via RT anyway) have been relaxed about the matter, but I tend to ignore what the State does in these instances so its irrelevant to me. 
Where we're going, there will be no Russia, no US, no Nation-State. These will be minor footnotes in the annals of Human History, likely listed as 'The Dark Age.' 
PS: What happened to [her?](
@_date: 2015-05-19 11:09:17
**Your ChangeTip Wallet balance is 10.30 bits or 0.002**
[To be continued...](
@_date: 2014-07-26 08:40:05


[In California it can be as short as one year]( There used to be this saying amongst us PM bugs, mainly refering to ETFs or gold in vaults in Zurich or Perth: if you don't hold it, you don't own it. 
Just another reason to forget this whole vault thing from Coinbase, and spend a day researching about cold storage, I'll kick things off for the uninitiated:
[Cold storage 101 basics](
[Moving cold storage funds to hot wallets](
*Note: I'd forgo the sloppy wallets and just do minor transactions to your primary cold storage wallet with .001 btc until you get the hang of it.
@_date: 2014-08-16 13:23:11
Well, I simply base my views on the studies and subsequent observations they had with alcoholics, whose ailments often stem from acutely severe or extended forms of abuse or trama, like many PTSD victims; and since alcohol is the most widly and easily accessible drug, it makes sense from a logistical viewpoint for either ailment. But since I have never had the actual patient data in front of me, I'm not a physician nor a clinical trial scientist I would be erring to inferr that LSD is absolutely superior, and not what I wanted to say. 
However, as a health scientist I do follow its progress in the medical field, so here is another [source,]( a more recent one, for why I made the petetion for itse use in the aforemtnioned study in addition to LSD's success in past studies--which the study bases its modeling from.
I want to highlight this portion in particular:
*Regarding the lasting effects of the LSD experience in alcoholics, investigators of one trial noted, "It was rather common for patients to claim significant insights into their problems, to feel that they had been given a new lease on life, and to make a strong resolution to discontinue their drinking." And investigators of another trial noted, "It was not unusual for patients following their LSD experience to become much more self-accepting, to show greater openness and accessibility, and to adopt a more positive, optimistic view of their capacities to face future problems."*
This is a follow up in [2013 from the aforementioned reasearch](
*The researchers found that lifetime use of psilocybin or mescaline and past year use of LSD were associated with lower rates of serious psychological distress. Lifetime use of LSD was also significantly associated with a lower rate of outpatient mental health treatment and psychiatric medicine prescription.*
@_date: 2014-06-08 20:29:22


That is certainly the best place to learn for a noob in my opinion, especially with the community surrounding the development team from Barcelona. 
Most bitcoiners are pretty enthusiastic about helping out noobs, I'm personally always trying to teach people about cold storage using Jame's youtube videos to ensure that fewer 'I lost all my bitcoins' emerge as we go forward. 
Ahh, and I almost forgot because they're having issues as of late, but Localbitcoins was always an option to exercise: 
@_date: 2014-07-29 01:06:41
Any word on an ETA, do they still think they'll make their July deadline? 
What were the fees associated to this card for that transaction?
@_date: 2014-02-01 20:29:53
Print media? They need to stop lumbering around like the monolithic creatures they are and give in to the inevitable: extinction. 
Attaching their name to bitcoin won't help them, and I personally would like to see less paper with details of the latest Hollywood junkies face cluttering the street. 
@_date: 2014-05-30 13:53:35
You're a difficult person to please, you're lucky I like to inform the masses:
If you're still not convinced use your DDG skills with: January 2014 ATM limits UK
@_date: 2014-05-25 09:54:07
You should probably work together and build multi-sig into the payment processor and if you need an arbitrator you should contact key members in the community to get involved to build a list, I'll even offer myself for a few sales if needed because I really want to see the demise of Ebay and paypal now more than ever:
Keep us posted.
@_date: 2014-01-22 00:52:00
Thanks for the thought, but I'll have to pass on your generous offer. But this isn't about being 'Mr. Nice Guy,' but rather actively shaping and making the World I want to live in a reality; the two are distinct.
If you would, can you direct that toward Sean's Outpost, or paypal it to Mochizuki (Iori) over at Fukushima Diary.
Keep 1337ing. 
@_date: 2014-05-18 11:01:11
Haha, as soon as I saw this I thought of you guys. 
+1 for Unsystem funding.
PS: Darkwallet .3 in my experience is far more stable than .2, Amir. 
@_date: 2015-05-19 22:52:13
Hey, thanks for bringing awareness. 
300 bits
Quick question, though, was I supposed to ask permission to do a Tipping Tuesday? It sounds like there is some internal group, I wasn't aware of. 
[I did a Soundcloud Edition, that I'm now using to bring awareness to certain causes.]( I'd wind it down and do another one with you next week if we can do collab. 
Let me know, thanks!
@_date: 2014-08-13 08:33:18
What I meant to say with that is that I actually can back up what I say with sound arguements regarding what I said with an understanding of metabolic pathways and biochemistry. 
That was a stupid question and one not worth my time. 
You have failed to capture my attention any further and I will disregard any future inquiries you may have as a result. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 09:35:49


Clearly an oversight on my analysis; but just the same what would constitute an existing 'volume and depth' in your opinion? 
@_date: 2015-05-02 09:07:06
That's a 360 Modena, the ad is for 458 Italia; completely different beasts. 
The Italia sounds like a fucking brass orchestra at full blast during a drunken village festival, the 360 is subdued and blends into the crowd; I just saw one recently and forgot how quiet it can be.
@_date: 2014-09-16 01:19:57


My solution: No I don't. I can instead obtain a source of bitcoin from the local community/meetups which will adhere to my views and princples until a truly decetralized p2p exchange comes online. I don't have to implore or petition the State for acquiring crypto-currency, and even suggesting that as an option shows your level of ignorance on the matter entirely. 
Coinbase has yet to adress or justify their need to create a a digital fingerprint for its users with emperical data and metrics to support its use; in fact I had an indepth conversation with an employee of coinbase who admitted that it has failed to act as a true detterent for phishing and hacking into accounts as it has persisited since it implemented its use. Coinbase is trying to make in-roads with disruptive technology in the old paradiagm, and it has worked well for them thus far, but I cannot with good faith continue to support them. 


I blame Coinbase for choosing Market Share and Profits over resolve and conviction for what cryptocurrency was intended to do: give people financial freedom by means of decentralization. 
I'm sure I'm in the minority, but complying with State decrees to the detriment of its end users is such an affront to what Bitcoin repersents that it negates what they have done in terms of merchant adoption to me. 
Everyone else: Look into my post history regarding Circle, I'm not an advocate. 
@_date: 2014-07-24 11:23:55


It simply isn't.
I'm a rather strong Coinbase advocate, but this creates more problems than it solves, I'm afraid. What we need are informed and well educated users, making equally sound decision regarding monetary sovereignty not more with haphazard tendencies who will tell her sewing circle how her grandson lost all her 'blow-stamps.'


Then I'm afraid we are not doing a good enough job to inform those 99% as a community; I actively seek opportunities to do so, look at my post history and if you have ever been at a bitcoin meetup with me you'd know that, but suffice it to say I cannot do it alone. 
@_date: 2014-12-04 05:29:00
Brawker, or Bitsumo are the ones that come to mind.


[They do](
Without sounding too condescending: why would you want/buy this? Especially with their tactics earlier this year.
@_date: 2014-06-28 04:42:59
What I find ironic of all of this is that he is undertaking in activity that is chiefly associated with the Darknet/TOR markets (the selling-purchasing of stolen goods/services: paypal accounts/bankaccounts/credit cards etc...) while pushing this absurd notion of coin validation.
Its this Statist mentality that a crime is some how not one if the State does it that should be the most alarming to any onlookers, and the Community as a whole.
Hey, Waters, get the fuck out of here with your attention whore tactics; no one gives a fuck. If you feel so damn strongly about this, go and create a fedcoin or govcoin or whatever will appease your bondage masters. 
Edit: [Did, Lawsky pay you well enough for this abysmal exhibition, Waters?] ( Is this how you got to bid on these stolen funds?
Seriously, go away; you bring nothing to the Community and we're better off without your presence. 
@_date: 2015-05-19 23:25:28
[1 PgP Key to DLF Wissenschaft](
*  has just sent you 1 pgp key (4,430 bits/$1.00)! Pick it up here: 
on Big Data: Das Ende von Autonomie und Privatsphre?*
@_date: 2014-06-23 15:35:43
Damn! That is a good price. When you say Marketprice do you mean Bitstamp, or the mean of all major exchanges? 
Still .5% is a very good deal! Had I known I would have bough some from you while I was in Zurich. Because, well, who gives a damn about ATMs, really?
Hell, I still have some Swiss Francs in My wallet I didn't convert, want to do a mail order thing? I hate the idea of trading fiat for fiat for more fiat with fees all the way: USD -&gt; CHF -&gt; USD.
Did you go to any of the meet ups?
@_date: 2014-07-03 22:51:42




No you aren't; over 1/3 of the nations in the EU do not use the EUR. There is no reason why they would, especially considering that there is no discernible benefit to it and only negatives: see EU collapse. 
I really do hope Ukraine has more bitcoin adoption, this is what bitcoin was meant to be used for; this California legalization, and Expedia stuff is eye-catching, but ensuring less human misery is what I'd like to see bitcoin attributed to. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 11:10:38
I prefer the touch of nylon and lace when I reach for a girls thigh myself, though satin is ok... 
@_date: 2014-06-04 17:32:28
I hate this project was precipitated by the 'negative stigma' associated to the original name, but I'm glad that progress is being made either way.
My biggest concern was with the arbitrator, how will you ensure the initial batch of 'trusted' arbitrators won't just pull a ZhouTong/Pirate with a multisig; also, if/when a trusted list of arbitrators is established how do you confirm 'proof of delivery' to disburse the funds?
With that said, I'd like to be placed on a list for arbitrators if possible. I cannot code, hopefully this will change in the near future, but I'd like to get involved with such a critical component of a truly decentralized Market if/where possible. 
I'm trying to decide languages in which to code when time allows, are most bitcoin open source projects being written in Python? As that is what my research has led me to believe. Ruby is also quite common, right?
@_date: 2015-05-20 22:11:49
So, in response to this comment of someone wanting to run 7 full nodes, I thought I'd follow up on my offer since it has come up.
I'm pretty sure this will be a US/Canada thing only; shipping alone would price any Euro/Asia bitcoiners out of the Market. But, if you're hardcore, I'll make a moniker just for you if you decide to do it. 
Edit: Ok, well as Luke Jr just mentioned, McM doesn't allow for the discount to be applied for the Rpi2: LAME! 
But, we Bitcoiners are a resilient bunch, so: **for the first few 3 buyers with proof of purchase I will send you the 15% discount in BTC.** 
Yup, that's right, I'm willing to pay out of pocket for you to buy a Rpi2 and set it up as a full node. 
@_date: 2014-12-01 08:52:12


Getting rid of the psuedo-anonymity from Bitcoin is akin to centralizing the Blockchian, so no... I won't be doing that. 
If you become a regular at meetups you are sure to find an early adopter or otherwise cool member of the community willing to give you a similar deal than what Circle offers in my experience, and even if its a bit over you still get to maintain your privacy, which is worth it. 
Most don't seem to grasp that centralized exchanges are still a major weakpoint in Bitcoin, moreso when they attach all those KYC/AML information to you/your coins. I'm more worried of this than Ghash.io to be honest.
@_date: 2015-05-19 07:05:26
They wise up and get a Lamassu or a Skyhook/home brew set up?
But quite likely what happens to those who bought the extended warranty on a zoom or a beta max.
@_date: 2014-06-01 12:42:10
Was Vitalik's talk recorded? Link?
@_date: 2014-05-03 11:17:31
I'll definitely donate as I have in the past, and I'm not trying to antagonize anyone from helping them but I still remain skeptical of your encounter with them until proven otherwise.
Edit: Removed for traceability issues. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 10:03:43
Can that be quantified concretely? I mean I used the sales generated from these recent merchant adoptions to form a theoretical explanation to substantiate a $40 drop, miniscule volatility if you've been here long enough; but since you seem to have greater insight than I do on the matter I'm interested to know if whales can really make the market as you assert. 
Can a sale of say 1 million USD create such volatility, or is this statement of yours simply a potential extrapolation from the charts you are reading?
@_date: 2014-01-29 00:38:56
I'm afraid this is a gross oversimplification of the process and relies on the fallacy of 'trickle-down' model. Especially when you consider the startling number of sources that rely on big-Agra in the hospitality industry. 
If you want to support the farmer with bitcoins, or any currency for that matter, direct purchases from a local farmer or co-op/CSA is still the most efficient model--extra points for setting their coinbase or BTC-e account or a wallet which is highly appreciated by the community. Any farmer worth their salt will be sure to reciprocate the gesture.  
@_date: 2015-05-19 21:58:35
[1 Close the Loop to GCX Africa](
*  just sent you 1 close the loop (4,430 bits/$1.00)! Claim it here: 
on Recycling Food Waste With Flies - Radio 2000 - 3 May 2015*
Sidenote: That podcast notes a startup that raised 11 Billion (SAD?) to do what farmers have been doing for decades: farming fly (larvae) for chicken feed. I did this myself and tried to spread it as much as I could while in Europe to offset the environmental impact of a centralized food supply. Most feed is corn, soy or fish based that requires HUGE logistic outlays/budgets to bring to market. 
@_date: 2014-12-29 06:04:27
There is a torrent out there, I haven't dl it but its over 3+ gigs so its likely uncut.


I used to play since as a kid from pop-warner to HS, and I found it hard to watch the whole thing and it was actually a close game. I was waiting for the CCC to start. Its still pretty cool to see the logos and comercials everywhere, though; I was waiting fot bitcoin-man to do some half-time antics and tipping or 'make it rain' paper wallets. 
@_date: 2015-05-09 04:35:23
Pfft, these dinosaurs are likely to go full mecha before they wilfully adopt BTC; I do want my own gundam suit, though, but I highly doubt this is the best way to achieve getting it... I guess seeing their collective obsolescence is just as good. 
@_date: 2015-05-20 00:41:19
**Ok, so that's a wrap... it was a bit lonely here on r/bitcoin, but otherwise pretty cool experience. There were some guys on Soundcloud that went on a spree too, but I will choose to honor their privacy.**
**I will be tying up some loose ends in a few hours after a late lunch and a maybe a nap.**
**I'll make a follow up on the event and those who collected (one already reached out to me!).**
@_date: 2014-06-09 06:38:46
This is actually quite prudent, the potential ROI on what are at best (Overstock metrics) less than 1% of total sales makes it obvious to hold onto; or ideally used to pay creditors or staff with to offset fiat/tax liabilities. 
Various business models make this more or less difficult to see since many retailers rely on a 2-3% profit margin. But it is tempting when you see the gravity this technology has to offer. 
I will be accepting bitcoin/crypto for my business on day 1, and I will strive to maintain that in the ecosystem as much as possible for inputs, goods/services.
@_date: 2014-06-24 21:12:25


Keep your rebranded paypal; and GTFO here with  your Fed coin agenda. 
@_date: 2014-06-19 14:28:06
I thought the same, but not for the same reason; Mac users tend to be addicts, its very rare they don't have an iphone along with there imac in my experience, or at least a tablet. 
My 'oldschool' thinkpad laptop from 2007 that I paid $300 for turns into a touchscreen tablet, so how is that +$2k product working out for you mac users?
@_date: 2014-09-16 01:34:26
Damn you guys need to brush up on your history of cryptocurrency... Julian is one of the orginal cypherpunks like Hal Finney, Nick Szabo and Adam Back. 
Watch [this] ( and [this] ( I was going to post this back in July to commemerate Bitcoin's *death* 2 years ago but got side tracked. 
Edit: Hal's last name.
@_date: 2014-06-08 19:07:44
Did any drivers pick any up? 
@_date: 2014-07-26 09:07:33
What the hell is with these terrible edits throughout the video... is that done on purpose?
 mins: that would have been poetic justice if they never paid miner fees and it just got lost. 
@_date: 2015-05-18 09:20:12
On top of a terrible (rigged) Forex exchange rate; that sucks for her, dude, and having been in the same shoes myself before I know how awful it is to have no other (feasible) alternative: I once had to go through 3 different currencies for a single transaction. The worst part being that the person who I gave it to would have accepted any fiat. (I love the Baltic resourcefulness!) 
[I have some pictures on my phone that I took at a cash-checking/WU place recently: I'm happily unbanked now, but I couldn't even get it cashed since its a personal check. They use all types of propaganda to guilt people into thinking they are reasonable. Its deplorable that they prey on people's emotions in that way.](
Oh, and for anyone in Maui: my contact in financial services backed out of a project dealing with remittances with the large Philippino community there if anyone wants to take it on drop me a line. I have moved back to the mainland and I don't plan on going back. 
@_date: 2014-09-15 08:32:01
Its sad that this position is taken solely based on fees, I have been a staunch Coinbase advocate; but now having realized their business practices like digital fingerprinitng and account terminatuons for using gambling sites I refuse to use there service. 
I tried swapping numbers for my 2fa at login to a different number and they asked for a copy of my passport and SS etc... They clearly assumed Mt. Gox never happend, or that I was just to greedy to care. 
Its sad, because CB has done a great deal for the ecosystem and continues to be in the headlines for bringing in major retaailers, but as a person who got involved with Bitcoin from the Cypherpunk-Crypto-Anarchy philosphy I have to say their business model and practices are directly incompatible with my views and violate my principles. 
The one 1% fee and delays from BTC to Fiat was acceptable to me knowing what they did and continue to do in this space, but violating your privacy and not responding to community feedback was the straw that broke the camel's back, I'm affraid. 


Seriously what the hell? Coinbase vault is fucking absurd and contrary to the decentralized ethos on which Bitcoin stands, [take the time and learn to Bitcoin.] (
@_date: 2014-03-25 17:09:17
I just saw a re-run of his interview on Boom and Bust (another iteration of Capital Account); he comes off level-headed and gives a coherent assessment of the implications of the latest goxxing and remains optimistic of its adoption, despite saying its &gt;1% of total sales:
@_date: 2014-06-29 01:06:39


Why? 
If anything it makes perfect sense, California is the tech Capital of the World and the only annexed territory of the US (state) to actually be able to secede from the US without much of a drop in quality of life--if anything I would expect a significant rise in quality of life--given its economy; I think most sensible people know that the US is a drag on our lives, and one we can do without. And as I mentioned before, competing purpose-built currencies is ingrained in our very culture.
In fact I hope this encourages the secession movement to progress into something more than signing a petition that is ignored. 


Hmm... I'm still not sure how I feel about it quite yet, because despite this 'approval' I still want Dark Wallet and Dark Market to come out as soon as possible. Many forget that California has the 2nd highest capital gains tax in the World. 


You're not alone, I feel oddly overcome by my apathy at the moment actually.


Let there be dark.
@_date: 2015-05-19 21:07:53
So, I heard hey were having issues detecting counterfeit bills, but how do they get bricked? 


[Anyhow, not all hope is lost for RoboCon owners, just consider this an expensive lesson.](
@_date: 2014-04-09 22:12:24
Nice one, mate!
@_date: 2014-05-29 13:24:11
Cool idea, will keep an eye on this. Are they focused on California only, if so I'd like to get in touch with these guys if I can. 
@_date: 2014-01-19 23:27:38
Upvoted. 
I was wondering if Winter was going to try and get in touch with the farmer market guys, too. So long as Andreas Antonopoulos is in it and some og Silkroad guys are in it, it should give a good sense of balance for the viewers.
@_date: 2015-05-31 16:48:54
An open source project is having an open discussion about its direction--albeit with more drama than necessary or is warranted as has so well articulated--is testament of what he have so long sought for in a system: transparency and accountability with empirical evidence (stress testing) to validate and further analyze the aforementioned arguments so miners/users/merchants/exchanges can make an educated decision. 
From what I see VC money is still coming in, developers are still working 13 hour shifts, if you mean this is hurting the exchange price of btc, than so be it: I'll be there to get those $100 coins. 
If you want something to do or are afraid of falling prices, buy something with it. Or cash out and use fiat if you want the typical *force majeure* tactics, because we don't need you nor this fear-mongering about public discourse. 
*Disruption* is the (overused) buzzword for 21st century creative destruction: act accordingly. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 03:25:23
blockchain.info does this, doesn't it? I don't use online wallets other than to get stuff out of cold storage, but I'm sure of it right now.
@_date: 2015-05-19 23:02:21
[Here is all you need to know about the developer philosophy behind Tails/TOR.]( I encourage you to read up and eventually run it, its awesome!
200 bits
@_date: 2014-04-09 23:28:35
I found it some what insightful, albeit terribly biased and skewed with a banker apologist narrative pulling the strings the whole way through.
I recall about 90-95% of all the events spoken of in this video as I saw them unfold in real-time (vicariously), however, I find it astonishingly disingenuous to overlook the fact that two EU nations (UK and NL) demonized Iceland regarding Icesave--[the UK going so far as to put the entire nation on the Terrorist watch list]( simply stating that Holland and the UK took it upon themselves to make their bondholders and depositors whole is a lie to say the least. (Read: Landsbanki asset liquidation.)
Also, this is when I became acutely aware of how vapidly and how haphazardly anyone can be coaxed into the realm of 'Terrorist' when tyrants rein free; I found it to be as an equal badge of honor as being an 'Enemy of the State.'
As for 'foreign investment' what they really mean is banks, hedge-funds, the IMF, World Bank and various other cronies of the State asset-stripping a nation into destitution and subservience as they have in every other EU nation and in various US cities/counties/states. That is the last thing a resource-limited nation with a viable renewable energy model needs. 
Capital control can be overcome with crypto-currencies, albeit with some inherit dangers as this relies on p2p exchange via Localbitcoins/SatoshiSquare/meetups; and yet this is still a far superior alternative to what the EU, US and Japan have had to go through with since 2007 and the 90's in Japan. 10% unemployment wasn't even attainable during the 'boom era' in any of those nations, and has been hovering as high as +50% in Spain and in Greece. 
At the crux of this 'report' lies misinformation mixed with Statist propaganda, which make for a volatile mixture, but I like the fact that Brigitta and other locals spoke about the impotent measures and the subsequent failures of the State when even the harder (though correct) measures are taken. 
A State created problem cannot be solved by a State issued solution-edict: simple. Also the first hand experiences, where they recall the drunk like stupor and exuberance from living beyond your means is worth noting; viable assessments can only come from deep introspection and critical analysis of one's mistakes, inflation indexed loans are the subprime loans every penniless peasant in the US and EU were offered by banks--via predatory lending practices--and subsequently adopted in-mass despite their terrible contractual terms; teaser interest rates, poor valuations of credit worthiness, low to no down payment requirements and ultimately default rate history. Which made for the resurgence of neo-fuedalism and the age of perpetual debt peonage. 
While I didn't think much of Auroacoin, I now mourn it's death because if the sentiment is truly to join the EU (almost an 180 degree spin leading up to and during the crisis up until 2010--2011) it would have at least put perspective on the underlying value and fundamentals of cyrpto-currencies as a whole when assessing this whole matter. 
Edit: Syntax and punctuation. 
@_date: 2014-06-08 16:39:24
Perhaps, but I'm more focused on what the students are able to do with the tech rather than the larger institutions themselves. 
I'd really like to get involved in a crypto [MAKEaTHON] ( type project at Caltech, that would be such a blast to see entrepreneurs, engineers, computer scientists, coders and designers all designing products-services-goods and finding blockchain solutions to bring them to Market.
@_date: 2014-09-15 07:17:53
Pretty cool to see that logo on a lower formula car, and someone here with a graphics art background should make him a proper livery, as that looks poorly executed--reminds me of Chandok's old livery on a HRT. 
He has a cool story, and I'm not quite sure how he currently pays for his racing since he arrived to HK as the story doesnt divulge any details; unfortunately this is all too common in high end motorsports: promising talent relegated to an obscure formula-category because he doesn't have backing from a big corp/bank. 
The sad thing is he is already too old to go much further in today's World of high-end motorsports. If you're not even in GP2, and getting points on regular basism by late teens or 21 at the latest its almost impossible to get a seat in F1. The days of your Nigel Mansels or Damon Hills is long gone and the 21st century narrative is dominated by headlines of young proteges with WDCs: Hamilton, Vettel etc... 
Corporate sponsorship is also reserved soley for them these days, and subsequrently any legacy driver's offspring with some level of promise to increase sales/profits or being pay-driver linked to a corp with deep pockets (Nakajima).
Hopefully he branches out and does some GT racing, and maybe a even a GumBall or something if an early adopter sponsors him with a better car. Motorsports is seen World-Wide with deep market penetration in North and South America, Asia, Europe and Australia, unlike BItpay's college footbal bowl or Dogecoins Nascar which are all US centric. 
[Look into Kamui Kobayashi's 2012 crowd-funded return to F1 for the most acute example of this.](


[Here is his address.] (
@_date: 2015-05-19 06:58:59
[1 Guerilla Radio for Roots media (Abby Martin)](
*  would like to send you 1 guerilla radio (1,998 bits/$0.47). Pick it up here: 
on The Trial of Chelsea Manning &amp; Military Entertainment Complex with Alexa O'Brien*
Sidenote: I normally don't tip this low, but Abby is already Pro-bitcoin, moreover I thought I'd mix it up with a moniker she might find funny and amusing. 
@_date: 2015-05-03 02:12:53
Yeah, I drank too much lambrusco last night and got all nostalgic when I wrote that... good times. And I'm not really a tifosi either, I like and drive Nissans and have grown ever-more partial to Tesla. 
Anyhow, here is an article that speaks about the sale practices and rift between the new Ferrari with someone who has actually sat down with LdM himself several times:
As for the firing of your friend, I think the exclusiveness of others posting pics of cars is where they had to draw the line; I'm not sure why, but with all the 'I just picked up my new XXX from the dealership' on youtube, along with all the unboxing crap you see I guess they had to do it. Personally, I think that's all rubbish, but I can see how in the vain World we live in someone posting pics of their new Avantador on FB before they could would 'ruin' the experience. 
@_date: 2014-07-26 09:35:30
Agreed, intrinsic value became the argument rather than simply a vital point to re-enforce the argument to explain why PM is superior to X; it became cyclical and obtuse to the degree where I, a silver 'bug,' completely withdrew from the narrative completely.
Its insane to me that Peter can still hold this position since Europac accepted btc, and I'm even more surprised we're still discussing why his opinion is even relevant.
And I think you're generalizing far too much when you speak of 'goldbugs,' by contrast Lew Rockewell, an equally famous PM guy and an overall far more insightful person, has been advocating bitcoin from the beginning; do you know why? Because he actually does believe in Hayek's theory of competing currencies, how Markets function, while Schiff merely pays lip service to it when its convenient to his objectives. Just as his anti-gov stance was torn to shambles after his failed campaign for Senate. The list goes on...
Its like I said, enough is enough. Lets not speak of him until Europac is willing to pay dividends/profits/gains in either btc or PM to its customers, until then he adds nothing to this space with his poorly formulated rebuttals and half-truths of Free Market Capitalism. 
@_date: 2014-03-25 17:50:42
I came looking to upvote anyone who can help me recover the 3 gig of Watt's speeches, discourses, lectures I gathered from usenet (way back!) and subsequently lost due to a dead HDD in 2008. :(
@_date: 2015-05-18 00:48:49
Yeah, I'm up for it, [in fact I already started it on May 14th after Max and I did a collab with it.]( I went to go see some of them this weekend and if I didn't feel so hung over right now I'd go into greater depth about it. I want to see if Bitcoin Mag or any other outlet will cover the story, and this can enhance its exposure. 
I have a very cool pic(s), and more to come, so lets just say BnBnB will have a new meaning afterward. 
So, lets do this on Tuesday, for tipping tuesday, and my suggested tip amount is 1.50, also known as a *wheel up* as its the cost of an Mp3 from most websites: I come from listening to and going out to nights with dubplate culture, so it made sense. I'll have over like 20 tips to drop for this, so let me know and we can cross genres.
Lastly, the tipping bot is a bit hit-miss, as I experienced earlier, so if it gives you an error don't worry too much and wait a while. 
@_date: 2015-05-19 07:50:20
Interesting, I can see why they moved; how is the community up there since legalization? My head is in Colorado, have you guys had supply shortages like in CO? 
What is tax on it up there? Has anyone decided to grow industrial hemp since 2014? 
@_date: 2015-05-02 08:49:58




I worked and lived in Maranello and regularly hosted guys from the Ferrari factory, I even got to meet the ex-mayor of Maranello (the Biggest tifosi and Space exploration fan I have ever met) who has strong ties to Enzo and the Ferrari family itself before the WWII; he let us hang out at his house, gave us the VIP tour around town and we got to test his personal battery of Balsamic vinegar and even gave us some of his 10.000 euro/L award winning stuff. (It was awesome on ice cream, btw!) I even used the Ferrari simulator in the town center, it was wonky and cut  in-out and I was out 10 euros. :(
I have never heard of such a policy, with the exception of the Ferrari FXX(K), and maybe the 599xx. These are race track only version of road version cars, which is why they keep them in the factory. 
During the peak of the Ferrari-Alonso era they hit the record sales/profitability, but according to the guys we hosted, Ferrari were trying to sale to anyone who had the cash, which was/is diminishing as the crisis grew deeper. Which is probably why Chrysler-Fiat got involved in the way that it had and then did it what did: got rid of Lucas di Montezemolo, and his 'elitist' sales practices .
It was a funny experience working in the fields, and choosing my vegetables/fruits for the menu I would prepare that evening while hearing the La Ferrari blaring up and down the mountain. As that was being tested that year. It looked even more menacing in bare carbon fiber, btw. 
Lamborghini is supposed to have an even more friendlier corporate culture, one of the guys had worked for both Lamborghini and Ferrari and I being the only one actually into motor-sports would regularly chat him up during dinner; I can't go into details, but VW have worked hard to re-shape their hyper-car division and that doesn't seem in line with their ethos of trying to out-sale the actual Italian brands. Even the Veneno, the fastest most expensive Lamborghini, is a street legal car. 
@_date: 2015-05-06 22:32:09
I came across this, it will require him to get his hands dirty and be capable of using Coinkite:
Depending on his aptitude he can get that up and running pretty soon.
Edit: Remind HW about that [2 way atm in the Philpines, too.](
@_date: 2014-06-13 15:18:56
No, no, panic sell; I sold at a loss last month, I need to recover my coin: Weak hands do your thing!
@_date: 2014-06-21 22:43:10
Well there is this: 
You can use that to run a generator to run a bunch of asics, I suppose. 
But seriously, the Japanese government should include a couple 1000s of those for those on the Pacific Coast to incentivize clean up along the shores, this is of course after a through assessment regarding that piles radioactive exposure. Its already starting to show up in Southern California in mass:
Instead they're to damn busy saber rattling with China and neglecting Fukushima, too. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 17:36:06
[What is a libertyteller?] (
It looks like a re-branded Lamassu, there doesn't appear to be any palm scanners or cameras on it. 


OP, did you record your purchase? Or can provide a clip of how a purchase works? 
@_date: 2014-07-03 04:47:46
Ag, oil, porn, renewable energy, de-salinated water etc... I could go on but you see the point; listen lets first get rid of the US, then we can resolve this whole NorCal hella sucks thing we have discretely away from prying eyes. 
Besides, I think we Californians suffer from the 'battered wife' syndrome after what we've been through since 1846; we're so quick to divert our anger towards those closest to us and avert those culpable. 
I hope you won't be celebrating July 4th either, I haven't since 2006, but have instead celebrated the Bear Flag day last month to commemorate that amazing moment in history: a bloodless revolution to create our Republic and more important that unique culture so renown around the World. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 15:37:25
Thanks, mate; I've spent 3 months in Cornwall, and despite having the most advanced machinery and uses for industrial hemp, I have to say there are lot of things to be desired about UK agriculture. Many are constraints due to the weather, especially this year which is when I was there, but nothing short of a paradigm shift would make that even remotely possible. 
With that said, and in my experience weed is not in short supply there; its just not very good, and what high grade (often indoor stuff) comes through carries an obscene price tag for the normal patron. 
@_date: 2014-06-27 23:24:54


As is suicide... I value my life, so I'll take my chances driving in that terrible traffic and smaller lanes on the 101 IF I ABSOLUTELY HAVE TO GO UP THERE. 
Otherwise, I'll just stay in Southern Orange County enjoying the clean non-polluted air, lack of smog, nicely paved roads and the fine(r) women. (I was just in Ventura/LA... bleh.)
Haha, you guys keep down voting only validaes what I say even more... well, if it keeps the kooks at bay, keep at it.
PS: Why is the 23 FWY still being repaired, it said it should have been completed by Feb 2014 according to the signs; that detour alone cost me 40 mins. 
@_date: 2014-06-18 07:55:26
This is cool, I'm not a huge PV fan and I think its grossly inefficient for the resources required to create these panels, but since its relying on something other than nuclear energy to do this I'm still happy to see this. 
[You should really consider looking into solar coin project, the proof of work is how much energy is produced and you are likewise rewarded.] ( Very awesome idea, that could make places that are around heliostat projects or similar renewable energy stations into a eco-tech village which can challenge the archaic monoliths as much like Calafou has. 


I used a stick in Switzerland working near the Alps. 
@_date: 2014-04-21 00:28:59
Contrast that with what Nastasia (and her team of other on-the-ground Ukrainians did with the approx 6.5 bitcoins that have been donated to date:
Even if they didn't steal them, taking them from people donating in the name of humanitarian aid and then retaining them and then subsequently doing nothing with them when there is such a great need and a great deal of human misery is just as bad; this was another PR stunt by prominent Bitcoin Foundation members. Nothing more. 
I was dubious of their motives then and I've been reluctantly proven correct. 
I'll PM Nastasia in hopes she can update what has been done since the last update. 
But in the mean time please consider [donating]( to them as, despite the unwarranted fear mongering, the funds have been proven to be used to feed people, buy generators and pay for medical costs for the injured in Kiev and NOT purchasing arms or weapons to further foment destabilization in the region--that is conducted by the US/EU and it's puppet IMF-appointed government. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 21:23:24
'Blocksize debate is harming bitcoin...' 
Only in your eyes, and for unspecified reasons other than conjecture of wanting to push something that requires open discourse from all participating to be well educated. In addition to the aforementioned I forgot to mention: my transactions have been fine all weekend. 
And before I go any further.
You said:


Do something better with your Life will you?
@_date: 2015-05-08 22:28:09
You mean hardware, right?
Rpi2 would be your best bet, provided you have the peripherals for one you have them for all 7, which lowers cost. (Barring power supplies, but those can be had cheap as your basic Samsung/Lg micro-usb works fine even under load in my experience.)
Memory will be your biggest expense, flash or external HDD if you have any laying around it lower costs, but as I found out, SD media is so slow when trying to dl the entire blockchain and can kill a card--my bitcoind was out of synch for the past 5 months or so. The read-write speeds suck on SD, too; so I'd avoid it if possible and I think your budget allows for it if you plan accordingly. 
Here is a pretty rad tutorial I saw recently:
PS: If you're in the US I get coupons from where I bought mine, 10% off normally; I'll pass them along when they come up if want. 
@_date: 2015-05-19 07:13:04
Alright, so, I need someone to tip some guys on Twitter, youtube or facebook, as I have neither. I'll deposit the amount to your wallet after 1 confirmation. 
[Moog from Mighty car Mods in OZ has been making all the soundtracks and editing for their pretty rad car video series,]( but he doesn't have a soundcloud by the looks of it. 
Mod Max is a personal favourite, but [Kei to the City]( was brilliant and reminded me why I got into motorsports in the first place. 
@_date: 2014-05-16 14:35:47
Fail at being a spelling nazi: It is spelled 'their'
: relating to or belonging to certain people, animals, or things : made or done by certain people, animals, or things
: his or her : his : her : its
*All the furniture in their house is brand-new.*
@_date: 2014-05-23 14:29:32
So, while I wanted to see what Coinbase could do under the pressure of a competitor, I can't see Circle as competitor any longer. Coinbase is continuously bringing in 'new money' into bitcoin, and the small fees are a small way to continue that process: I consider it a donation for an enterprise actively seeking to strengthen the ecosystem. 
And I say this as person who find beer, even the top dollar Belgian stuff and organic European stuff undrinkable. 
Congrats, Coinbase; hold your head high. I think if the tickets are reasonable I may try to make this as I'll be back in home in California soon. 
Edit: Just checked: $600. I'll just add 10 more to my monthly purchases. Still, nice Marketing job for those with deeper pockets than I. 
PS: I'd still like to see faster turnover from BTC to fiat, though. (I know, but I had to be *that guy*.)
@_date: 2015-05-19 00:44:15
Yeah, what are the  apporpriate avenues for Bitcoin media channels? As in, other than social media how can you try and offer them a story to feature? 
Because Ally's appearence on RT is something not readily accesible to most, despite it being quite cool feature. 
PS: I'm Writing this on my Rpi2 that doubles as a full nod, I run Linaro on it for DW purposes! :)
@_date: 2015-05-19 09:01:00
[The only real way is to do what was done it Ukraine; you need a trusted person on the ground to handle logistics with a local(s) to guide through the mayhem and prioritize needs.](
This was still one of the best use cases for Bitcoin I have ever found, and I'm glad I played a small part in it. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 21:53:41
Very cool. Upvoted!
@_date: 2015-05-19 21:30:07
[1 Cosmic Ray to Startalk Radio (Neil deGrasse Tyson)](
*  has just sent you 1 cosmic ray (4,430 bits/$1.00)! Claim it here: 
on Cosmic Queries Potpourri*
@_date: 2015-05-19 09:08:03
I think bits works, but Monikers put that nice touch that may make that artist retweet it. Give it a shot, and post what you get. 
I'm about to make my next one right now.
@_date: 2015-05-25 09:39:17
Let me know when there is a risqu [gyaru parapara]( session in The Trump room, I'll be make it rain on the stream. 
Talk to the girls from Black Diamond, they seem like the enterprising type. 
@_date: 2015-05-26 01:47:14
[Ringplus]( in the US takes it (in)directly (GoCoin) on their own page, with no need of a top up and no contract. I have been with them for almost a year now, and provided you have a decent Sprint coverage in your area you're good; 3g limited data, though. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 18:40:08
Damn! This is a very well deserved windfall for the Ethereum guys! Congrats guys! When is the party in Zug?
@_date: 2014-06-09 05:05:46
I'll be taking in the sun back home in California by then, and I'm unlikely to be in Europe for a while... I'm afraid Saturday will be my last time Zurich for the foreseeable future. 
@_date: 2015-05-19 22:44:52
[1 Woe to an Empire of Blood](
*  wants to send you a bitcoin tip worth 1 woe to an empire of blood (4,430 bits/$1.00)! Pick it up here: 
on How an 85-Year Old Nun, Activists Infiltrated Top U.S. Nuclear Site, Exposing Dangers &amp; Urging Peace*
Sidenote: This comes after [William McNeilly's revelations of the Trident Nuclear Program insecurity on Wikileaks]( Say what you will about their overt dogma narrative, I personally have no stomach for it, but I believe in a meritocracy and this elderly nun and her team have my lifelong respect due to their actions despite the obvious risks. 
@_date: 2015-05-19 07:28:30
Is that average reflecting places like [Washington that have the lowest cost in the US for electricity due to all the hydro-electric sources?](
I know that some in-door marijuana grows decided to move up there based on that alone. 
@_date: 2015-05-13 04:46:35


Millenials? You know those guys who have essentially make the bulk of coders/developers and entrepreneurs in this space-ecosystem.
Old people are more inclined to trust their hedge fund to chase 2% returns on their 5-6 figure investment/savings accounts than to learn to use their computers for more than occasional purchase, and bank payments let alone become their own bank! (I wonder if these are the guys who still haven't figured out Internet porn and still keep the *dead-tree* industry going.)
I've been involved in the crypto circles in several European countries and in California, and all I can say is barring the token 'senior' for every 50 people you see, this space is heavily weighted by millennials: both male and female. The next group would probably be Gen-y. 
And before anyone throws out the agest non-sense, it would have been great to see Turing or any other OG cryptographer from the 40-50's giving lectures on Merkel trees,  Bloom filters or the basics regarding SHA256. (Kind of like the latter chapters of Cryptomonicon,)
@_date: 2015-05-19 22:54:25
Hey, I saw your posts from your history, drop me a line with your work experience and current skills. I may have a project for you.
1000 bits
@_date: 2015-05-19 23:56:42
[1 Woe to an Empire of Blood to Firstlook Media](
*  would like to send you 1 woe to an empire of blood (4,430 bits/$1.00). Collect it here: 
on Q4 2014 Lockheed Martin Corp Earnings Call*
@_date: 2015-05-19 07:33:48
[1 Wheel up to Ruffhouse](
*  wants to send you 1 Wheel Up (6,377 bits/$1.50). Pick it up here: 
on RUFFHOUSE - Straight 9's - Samurai Music SMG003*
@_date: 2014-05-30 13:08:05
Well done. Can you weigh in my (really our, but its still just me right now) [ongoing side project to do just that] ( 
@_date: 2015-05-11 00:12:59
Let that be a lesson to any other start-up nation: Founders with Doge as their currency will not be taken seriously and imprisoned on the spot; while Bitcoin makes even DEA and FBI agents make an *exit plan*. He probably thought Shapeshift would save his ass, didn't he?
But seriously, I really want to see what becomes of this; I spent a lot of time in Croatia, and the thought of having a radler inside of Liberland sounds very appealing to me right now. How far is this from Zagreb and Ljubljana?
@_date: 2015-05-20 23:06:44
Alright, new edit; I took down the coupon code to avoid any confusion, updated the offer, and hopefully dissuaded anyone wanting to use McM for the time being. (I should have verified it, but the coupon says 'ON ALL WEB ORDERS') 
I will be writing to them about this and I encourage you to do the same. 
**But, lets put that to the side for now: lets see some screen caps with for your new rpi2!!**
@_date: 2014-06-07 21:01:44
It would be my first time, I just traveled all over Europe, so why not see the North?
Road trips are always worth a consideration. Does the amtrak run up there? 
If you're serious, fuel + 1 bitcoin. I just sold that recently during the downtern for liquidity and I would like to recover that much. I'll pay for my ride back, which is why amtrak is necessary. Or cheapair.
@_date: 2015-05-06 11:52:45
Who else other than Coinbase (fuck that!) does this?




I've been going through painful recovery from a major surgical procedure and now am hip deep getting caught up with work.




Update: Someone just dropped 10btc into HW's wallet, so amongst all the turmoil: BTC prevails. 
@_date: 2015-05-19 06:18:31
[1 Che$tplate to DJ_Distance](
*  just sent you 1 chestplate (6,079 bits/$1.43)! Claim it here: 
on HalfLife - Subtle - Distance Twice as Nice mix*
@_date: 2015-05-19 21:32:31
Haha, well, all you see here plus a couple more incoming; you want to drop some coin with me then?
@_date: 2014-03-02 17:57:54
While [Zipzap closes up shop]( well, there is that one ATM and kraken still available, I suppose. 
Its sad, the UK was poised to be in a solid position for availability, bureaucratic red-tape and media based scare tactics really destroyed any real potential for making that happen. I've seen an obvious chilling-effect from merchants/owners who were once receptive albeit slightly skeptical towards adoption. (And I'm left wondering if I have misspent the last 2 months of my Life as a result.)
@_date: 2014-08-23 18:16:52
It started with the US/IRS [closing Switzerland's oldest bank Wegelin]( and UBS paying fines, which were incurred by the Swiss. Now the vultures are circling the corpse that is Swiss banking. 
The EU (Germany and France) have been pushing hard for transparency and have even released the names of EU politicians with Swiss bank accounts to add to fuel to the fire amongst the masses.
Switzerland really needs to diversify their position and start buying large land lots in S. America, E. Europe or Africa and the human capital to ensure their food supply/oil/mineral/precious metal mining if they want to even have a chance of maintaing their standard of living in the next 10 years--I used to think it was more like 25 but its becoming more and more clear that time is not on their side. 
There are plenty more offshore havens in Asia and the British isles, Switzerland really only had their reputation and location in mainland Europe going for them. (And the former is tarnished beyond repair now.) And while crypto is a plaything of the technoraty in Switzerland for the most part, and becming a hub for incorporation, I think adoption may well see a blip now that their assets are on the line more than ever.  


I've got 3, and that is not going to work as viable economic model, I'm affraid. 
@_date: 2015-05-19 09:17:41
Yup it works:
[5000 bits to nurtured-beatz 5,000 bits](
*  would like to send you a tip for 5,000 bits (5,000 bits/$1.17). Claim it here: 
on Release - Sektor [clip] - [NBR010] OUT NOW*
@_date: 2015-05-20 22:30:36
Paul Yea on TPP: Enough Said.
@_date: 2015-05-20 22:52:16
What?! McM really needs to make that very clear... ok, well let me check my bitcoin wallet, and see if I can offer the 15% discount for at least the first couple of buyers. 
BRB with update. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 18:45:20
While I'm a primary user of Coinbase, and satisfied with my transactions thus far, I seriously hope new competition comes into this space; they use bitstamp and add a 13-15 dollar premium (depending on volume by my observations) on top of their base transaction fees upon purchase and sales. While a shrewd business model, especially during less drastic drops, its difficult to not help want to see competition decrease the premium. 
The high risk situation always filled me with doubt
@_date: 2015-05-31 16:29:33
Am I the only one getting stark parallels to the way the State handled Ross' case with that of what awaits if TPP is passed? In both these cases blatantly skewed kangaroo courts are the deciding factor of how an outcome is determined, which as we have seen have already set a precedent on breach of data security and have massive and costly liabilities. 
We need to only recall the Napster era of bogus trials/fines to anticipate what will happen if this goes through. 
Anyone know Bill/Ted's (which one was he again?) confirmed wallet address?
@_date: 2014-06-09 18:59:10
Elaborate please. And please include proof.
@_date: 2014-08-15 09:52:55
Article was meh, [but yeah I'd agree.](
@_date: 2015-05-03 02:23:26
Well, lets innovate, make greater use cases, and kick ass applications to take BTC price back to the thousands; GOAT already did a Gallardo, but you could be the guy that tells Greenspan/Bernanke/Yellen 'fuck you' with an Italia or Speciale from Newport Beach. 
@_date: 2015-05-19 10:49:09
[1 Blown Sub to Jerokee80](
*  wants to send you a bitcoin tip worth 1 blown sub (4,251 bits/$1.00)! Pick it up here: 
on April Drum &amp; Bass Selection*
@_date: 2015-05-18 09:56:16
I'll do that, if only to share the progress/market research I made while I was there in hopes it materializes some how; the biggest hurdle is availability and community penetration. I was the only person in Maui on Mycelium trader, and [I never saw a local bitcoins ad outside of Oahu]( so now that I'm gone and my contact (a local who works for a hedge fund) is out its at a stalemate.
@_date: 2014-09-06 05:27:52
Any crtpyo nerds in Maui? 
Everything Bitcoin related seems to be in Oahu, which sucks because I just came from California and met a good group in Costa Mesa after having been in Zurich which all have active Bitcoin communities.


Why exactly? I'm not trying to trying to be a dick, but a nation not beholden to the USD and one that uses a currency with a high(er) inflation rate like say the Argentian peso or the Ukranian hryvnya is the 'ultimate experiment.' 
Regarding the ATM: Its a Lamasu unit.
@_date: 2015-05-09 07:37:57
$25 and it *has* to be instant...
[You get to play director]( or you can always *put on your robe and wizard hat on* with your magic internet money. That's pretty cool in my opinion.
PS: NSFW
@_date: 2014-06-24 18:30:24
I'll pay $2.5/piece. And I'll document the starter-plant propegator setup I envision in my head. 
@_date: 2015-05-28 13:08:41
If you need a login I made one a few days ago to watch a video on Bohr's model/quantum theory. 




So no need to sign up, just login and donate. I will donate when I get back home later this week. 
PS: Yes, I was playing RE Outbreak and had a sudden urge to 'do science, bitch!' Apparently yoko_suzuki was already taken. 
@_date: 2015-01-28 06:27:21
So, the firmware update supports English now? Is it still $30?
Anyword on Kristov or Andreas running through the sourcecode?


[The creator told me that multi-sig was still to come. 3rd party Multi-sig on HW wallet (or ever) is counter productive.](
@_date: 2015-01-18 23:28:49
Download Mycelium and fire up buy/sell feature, and meet up with them; PM for contact info with a reputable guy in the community in SD. I didn't buy from him directly, but rather his colleague, who you may also know is in the community. 
PS: Fuck atm fees, pay that little extra to guys working on cool proojects instead. 
@_date: 2015-05-19 08:02:45
[1 Wheel Up to CylonRecordings](
*  has just sent you 1 wheel up (6,377 bits/$1.50)! Claim it here:  on Clarity 'Wrong Floor'*
@_date: 2015-01-29 08:03:07
Plot holes notwithstanding, I thought the message was conveyed rather well for it being scripted Hollywood trash. This was 2012, right? I remember seeing this with German subs, trying to expand my vocab, back then and thinking well 'that was interesting.' (I started to Bitcoin in 2011 but sold as needed.) If I recall correctly, it was like foreshadowing the Dorian/Satoshi Nakamoto thing with some absurd tv drama plot.
PS: 2012 doesn't seem that long ago for me.
@_date: 2015-01-28 05:50:22


Since PR departments used it as an effective way to justify the existence of a worn-out celebrity and put them back in the limelight. The fappening has proven that Its the new 'sex-video leak.'


    2015-01-28 02:29:57 UTC
    I remember when "Internet money" used to be a joke.
    Damn you, Bitcoin.
Well at least the hackers (Lizard?) have a sense of humour, and put the effort in creating a witty vanity address. I want them funded just because of that.
Sidenote: Who cares about this chick, there are woman just as hot posting their exhibitionist hearts out in r/gonewild.
@_date: 2015-01-16 08:08:31


If I can remove myself from this case as a mere spectator with no vested interest in its outcome for a second:
LOL this, on spectale level, is perhaps better than anything I have seen since Sopranos. It has it all, and is tawdry and obsecenly hilarious. 
10/10 would watch again.
@_date: 2015-05-20 00:18:54
[Unfortunately, a Brock Pierce tainted operation that provides 'Bitpay solutions' for merchants;]( I'm conflicted as I was with Coinbase in the early days, they still charge a processing fee on everything; I wouldn't be surprised this will be the case with this. 
@_date: 2015-01-16 11:47:52
Update: Congrats, r/bitcoin you got this to page one, now lets get some traction and make this happen. 
I did a bit of legwork and found this:
[Snowdens Store Flugt](
Any interest in having this screen before the Oscars night/event?
@_date: 2015-01-10 07:16:48


I thought the same when I saw that--I was thinking to myself how is what he described any different than Bitpay or CB? 
I just happend to turn on RT and this interview was on; the host, or perhaps her script writer, are very pro-Bitcoin. They seem to be strong advocates of it from the beggining of this show as I recall watching the first few weeks when it came looking for a Capital Account replacement and they were opening segments with how the Blockchain was posied to help finance. I may go back to watching it if/when I find the time. 
That woman (something Boring) before her was abysmal and her efforts in the Bitcoin commuinuty, limited to trying to lobby Washington thus far, are equally poor. 
@_date: 2015-01-26 06:27:08
Very interesting, I will look into this more closely. But, can I just say that this is what is most exciting about Bitcoin for me: seeing the community respond to and spotanouesly create a decentralized approach to rival the VC and Wall street 'regulated' entities for buying/selling in BTC. 
Would you consider intergrating a DarkMarket-OpenBazzar approach to an exchange on this platform? Like pooling all the Local bitcoins, Mycelium trades in order to cash in-out of BTC... Just wondering.
@_date: 2015-01-31 03:06:00
Bearwhale Jr's statistic reminds me of the last chapters of Freedom TM from Suarez. 93% of all US wealth is stored or held digitally?
Damn, if there was ever an arguement for diversification, that was it.
@_date: 2015-01-19 02:59:18
Cool, it is an awesome proof of concept of an efficient decetralized platform, that if/when properly utilized can get us away from so many 'X Exchange was hacked and ran off with my money.'
It won't ever entirely do away with it, but if it catches on it does atply highlight the benefits of decentralized trading platform that emphasizes Bitcoin's greatest strength: It's Community. 
It is for this reason--amongst others regarding privacy--why I simply refuse to buy from CB or Circle; sure that is the path of least resistence, but that convenience comes at too great a cost. 
At a meetup you get yourself a drink, shake some hands, talk crypto maybe share some jokes and negotitate for a buy/sell in the most Free Market we have to date; thus reminding us what commerce was really meant to do: bridge gaps amongst human beings for mutually benefical outcomes in the most peaceful manner. 
@_date: 2015-01-31 00:25:22
[Good, this is who Western Union is.]( 
Well worth watching the whole thing, one of the best speeches from 31C3.
@_date: 2015-01-12 09:59:56


Ahi le has dado.
Joder, macho, mira como estan con los topicos dando la imagen que Bitcoin es de 'terrosirastas' y 'anarchistas,' normal para los de la prensa... pero bueno esos chavles intervistados lo hiceron bien. 
Mira que deja mal sabor de boca como lo dejaron con lo de blanciar dinero/o no pagar impuestos... pero a lo imprtante: quando se llevaron las cosa 'informaticas' que fue eso: portatils y eso? 
@_date: 2015-01-30 23:24:02
I'm not sure that is it; we welcome competition in the Market, which requires you to have a sound business model, this ongoing saga just revealed that: crypto nerds =/= CEO material. 
This venture always carried risk and rewards, and for a while Trezor had a monopoly, which is terrible, then came Bwallet and disrupted their monopoloy. And now Trezor isin damage limitation/control while Bwallet just got a bunch of free PR.
We thrive in a competitive enviourment, but personally speaking I was waiting for some to review the code before buying a Bwallet and now that a supercookie has been discovered I'm going to contiue to wait for airbitz to implement multi-sig for a hotwallet. 
I've lost my appetite for hardware wallets entirely, as I'm used to running qt, which is far from ideal, but is actually the way Bitcoin was meant to be utilized: securely and private. 
PS: Why did they not play the VC game? I mean Xapo got millions, and it has failed in every possible way, they could have at least got a few rounds from Draper's kid. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 21:04:36
Who are those guys, and how did they (presuming they are doing just that) have access to the stolen funds?
@_date: 2015-01-07 07:45:30
[What happend to you, Coinbase? You used to be cool.](
@_date: 2014-08-29 07:27:40
Just checking in to pay my respects to one of the DONS of the Cypherpunk movement and Crytpocurrency.
I couldn't give a damn about celebrity deaths/suicide, but this really put me in a somber place. My condolences to his family. 
RIP, Hal. 
Is there a bitcoin address for his family online? 
I'll make a contribution when I get paid next month. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 23:17:47
I wanted to buy, mofo! 
Fuck being on an island in the middle of the Pacific with no crypto nerds to buy locally from; it may 80F right now., but my cold is heart as Antartica knowing I couldn't jump in at 15X!
@_date: 2015-01-31 00:05:50


[Ahem... This is from his introduction](
@_date: 2015-01-10 00:32:14
Damn, dude; fuck a robocoin tx, does the Mycelium app or Local bitcoins not show any local sellers? There has to be something better than the anal probing roboCON lay down as pre-requisite for getting raped on a sale. 
Also isn't there a large bitcoin community in Tokyo? 
This is what I found on localbitcoin, that paybis guy has 100+ txs with 100% rating:
Also worth noting:










@_date: 2015-01-16 10:25:42
Ok, guys I'm going to bed now, lets keep  upvoting and hit page 1 (we are still on page 2) so we can make this happen. 
PM me if you want to get involved with the logistical business, I don't have TV so I can't volunteer to stream this but I will help cordinate it as best as I can. 
Edit: oh snap, son! 
@_date: 2015-01-17 06:06:49
Cool, I will give it a watch; I saw it on usenet but not on torrent sites. Judging by the trailer, it looks just as in depth as Citizenfour. 
@_date: 2015-01-08 01:12:04
[Welcome to the fringe club.](
Contact Brawker and see if they can help you out; they mainly deal with online sales, but they may be receptive to see a new use-case for their services. 
Your best bet, in my opnion, would actually be to go to a local Bitcoin meetup and see if anyone knows someone willing to sell a car for btc; its more time consuming and maybe not practical at all since you don't currently have a car, but by the sounds of it you don't sound like someone who takes the easy way out, right? 
Hell, you can use lyft or uber and try to get somoene to adopt, I did that on my way from Zurich to Bern last year. 
@_date: 2015-01-28 06:10:46
So, is this a bounty incentive? Do they anticipate to draw og PB heads to add torrents and increase Isohunt's traffic? Or is it just a 'prove your handle and pass go-collect funds' kind of thing?
Well... that could work, but the cool part of p2p is that there was an incentive beyond monetary value in sharing info/data for anyone who sought it. But, having said that: one does not exclude the other.
@_date: 2015-01-19 05:00:43
[Whatever happend to this?]( Or [this one?](
@_date: 2014-06-08 15:11:08
And Geneva?
@_date: 2015-01-22 07:54:50
Oh, man I don't have access to my funds right now, but damn this is the coolest use-case for the changetip feature I have seen thus far; charity was cool, but this shows how bitcoin solves access to information: which in turn has become borderless and in realtime.
Please accept my humble upvote in exchange to some bits.
@_date: 2014-02-09 21:29:23
Let me know if you want to get involved in biodynamic agriculture related ventures. :)
@_date: 2015-01-14 07:47:34
HOLY FUCK Bitstamp is getting dumped on right now! 158?! Any confirmatoiun of getting coins at the price? I need to get in on this. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 06:08:32
Me, too. And as someone mentioned, [it is premiering on HBO on the 23]( So it may be a huge challenge to get Poitras to breach her exlcusvity with HBO and the 2 or 3 other outlets (UK's Channel 4 and some channel in Germany).
@_date: 2015-05-14 10:25:39
[My headphone guy listening to this]( 
(0_0) --=//       
After the second drop
 (-_-)
(FYI: Any proceeds will go to Soundcloud tips with proof.)
@_date: 2015-01-11 05:00:54
Details. 
I have been working something in the background, that had Xapo not been unavialble in the US, could of proved useful. I've re-thought this a bit further, but I'd like as much info and intel as I can. 
@_date: 2015-01-31 02:54:34


Except when it takes CB days to clear unless you have a Credit Card on record, and CB decides to cancel your order under some presumed 'flag' 4 days into your waiting period or they run out of coins and lock you into a price when they 'do have more'... or abruptly put a nice 10+% premium above Bitstamp. Or their lack of Customer Support (especially during ATH) that forced them to dedicate a subreddit to complaints. Or God help you if you decide to change phone numbers for 2fa, they (or 3rd party service) demand Gox level of info on their customers before even considering it. Or play(ed) on Satoshidice...
(Circle isn't even worth mentioning: use it at your own peril.)
Then you realize its hardly convienent; I accetped all the above (absurd on my part) as a startup having growing pains but known to bring big names into the ecosystem, but it was the security issue that finally broke the camels back: that is unacceptable and the antithesis of the whitepaper and ideals behind cryptocurrency-cypherpunk philosophy. 
Their really is no middle ground when it comes to security: either you believe in it and accept the consequences, or you decide to profit from being a sell-out. Its just that clear.


Local Bitcoins, Mycelium buy/sale feature, Bitcoin meetups... It doesn't get easier.
@_date: 2015-01-16 07:47:11
Libertarians maintain the falsehood, an utter oxymoron, of *limited-government*; Anarchists recognize this fallacy and refuse to accept this panacea-like delusion and instead rely on Man's innate Social attributes to best form Society and conduct daily affairs WITHOUT THE EXISTANCE OF THE STATE on the basis of self-interest for mutually beneficial outcomes under codes of conduct such as the non-agression principle; which is the anti-thesis of the State/Government(s), *limited* or otherwise.
So, no... you are wrong. 
Source: Was an Anarchist trying to find common ground with the surging Libertarian movement in 2007-2010 to no avail. 
PS: I still think that picture defines the absurd nature of this subreddit more than any other meme we have made thus far, and I still like it. 
@_date: 2015-01-19 02:25:29
Will it work given that it is in English? I mean I kind of speak German (understand more than speak) and I can understand the Hitler dialouge but I'm not sure this will work the same...
I think we're resigned to have to make screen caps with text and him on his bouncy ball or petting his cat. 
Sidenote: It's 2015 and the fact that we still cannot get this fucking guy out of community is just not acceptable. The GOXXING never ceases to end.
@_date: 2015-01-23 08:44:07
ELI5: Why should I care about this, and what 'use will it have' other than to obviously fluff some volume metrics?
Sidenote: *Regulated Bitcoin* is this really what this has come to? So much for a p2p (trust-less) electronic cash system. 
@_date: 2015-01-28 06:16:51
[On the blockchain, nobody one knows you are a fridge.](
Fuck coinbase and their acquiescence to the State; when properly BItcoining it never matters and the aforementioned is in play.
@_date: 2015-01-17 06:39:06
You mean *Bearwhale's* investment, right?
Seriously, does anyone have any evidence to support that claim made on the BItcoin show on WCN a while back? Didn't they have a lead on Draper's initial address when he bought the stolen funds from the feds? Did they cause the price drop when they sold of in round 2?
@_date: 2015-01-14 06:46:57
So... with that said, what is the upside(s) for CB users? I personally hadn't seen one for a while, hence the 'previous user' insert 
All I see are liabilities for the user (hack/servershutdown/latency etc...) and fee collections for CB.
@_date: 2015-01-07 01:00:52


 [These guys, right?]( 
Is this a genuine drawback or not? I ask as my interest in alts is limited to Darkcoin and my first encounter with paycoin was that Hitler video the other day. Obviously Garza has become a pariah of the community, apprently for his pump-dump-scammer antics from what little I read; but more to the point, is being associated to Paycoin itself a negative thing? 
And If so, why?
@_date: 2015-01-29 09:43:04
I have java disabled by default, so I coiuldn't tell. Its been a while since I ran ghostery.
So here are some follow ups:


For 30 bucks and a review from Andreas or Kristov (TBD), multi-sig and English firmware (which are scheduled) its tempting to say the least. Here is my conversation with Bwallet:
Edit: And so it begins:
PS: Just so I don't seem jaded, I want some kid in Nebraska or Idaho tinkering with a 3d printer to undercut Bwallet someday, too: Moore's Law is a maxim, not just an assumed inevitibly. Thus, getting us one step closer to a BTC financed opensource PC hardware development industry. Fuck foxconn and their NSA backdoors, I foresee the day of the BTC backed homebrew-Motherboard arms race where we're going.
@_date: 2015-01-15 05:46:36
I thought so too when it came out, but these guys beat them to the punch and in crypto that tends to be the nature of things and we relsih the devs for it:
I need to wait until they actually supprt Linux to use it, but I have seen a demo a while back. We need to get the guys behind both in an Etherium vs Bithalo panel Q&amp;A session. I didn't buy any ether, and do not plan to, but 30k BTC and nothing to show for it to date thus far is not exhibiting the qualities of an efficent-decentralized startup. 
Dark Market did many things, chief amongst them was set the standard for how things should be made and then developed on top of that so the UX gets better with time with testnet coins, instead of having some buggy software come out after a year or two. 
I think, and fear most people bought etherium waiting for them to explode in value, which has proven time and again, that alt(s) market are fucking a bloodbath in terms of ROI. 
Edit: Spelling!
@_date: 2015-01-29 08:18:50
Seriously, but this does appeal to the 'tulip mania' types that BTC relies on the greater fool business model.
@_date: 2015-01-16 09:23:36
It just gets better.


   karpeles is so quick with his threats. How does it feel being 1 of the most hated ppl in bitcoinland
0 replies 0 retweets 0 favorites


   Hope you rot in jail because you deserve it. 
0 replies 1 retweet 1 favorite


  Nobody likes you we all want to see you rot in jail and thats where you will end up.
0 replies 0 retweets 1 favorite


    back in my fucking day if we had beef we fought in the streets, not no pussy twitter fights
0 replies 0 retweets 0 favorites
@_date: 2015-01-16 09:48:55
Well, at least you can spend those euros there and not get hit with another transfer fee, just don't go to the post office they refuse to accept anything other than chf, which is a bitch if you had to ride a bike in the snow only to find that out. 
Protip: HODL.
@_date: 2015-01-22 08:06:33
Hmm... I was thinking Chemistry or even Biology. 
But, yeah, [Physics is a hard industry to break into, espcially when the State is the 2nd biggest employer.]( (Though I recall it being the 1 biggest for undergrads some where.)
@_date: 2015-01-23 05:34:11
Can [Brawker]( help? And, yeah, the demise of the VISA/Mastercard cartel cannot come soon enough.
@_date: 2014-03-02 16:52:15
Sadly, yes. And I'm not surprised. 
All the while the [potential of Bitcoin in action] ( goes over looked.
@_date: 2015-01-22 06:26:44
Andreas Antonoplous, or Kristov Atlas would seal the deal for me; I'd say Peter Todd or Greg Maxwell would be best, but those dudes are super busy these days.
When/where will these be made available? I'm not much on hardware wallets as I can Bitcoin properly, and have never actually had security issues since 2010; but if I'm going to have a hot wallet I'd like to experiment with this one. I'm kind of tired of running QT remotely and while that works fine for cold storage I need something more these days.
Does it support Multi-sig like Trezor?
Competetion is good, and we shall see what pros/cons this has over the Trezor unit which to date has had a monopoly. And we cannot have that.
@_date: 2015-01-23 09:23:03
Discuss what? Have I just been too fixed on 2015 being the year of 2.0 developments and slept through all these 'we will meet with X apparatus/appendage of the State' agendas? Did Andreas sitting with those clueless Canadians become a thing in the community? Did we not learn a thing from what happen with Shrem, Lawsky et al?
What's next? Vitalik sits down for tea with MI6 and and Interpol?
@_date: 2015-01-07 07:39:29
I met the guys from Airbitz and discussed the particulars a bit and thier philosphy and they seem to me as the most reputable at this time, the significane that they use Libbitcoin and Obelisk was not lost on me. 
I run QT and have my stuff in cold storage; I have only sold btc to fiat on Coinbase once and I'm unlkely to do it ever again, but with that said once they implement multi-sig (which I'm told is coming) I'm likely to jump on board and use them as asub $30 hot wallet for tipping or buying a flight on Cheapair. 
@_date: 2015-01-10 02:48:22
Well done, mate; did you get involved with the Crypto Club on campus or did you do the legwork yourself? What major are you studying and do you think crypto will be of use to your industry now and in the future?




@_date: 2015-01-10 00:17:51


Depends by what you mean 'go anywhere,' really. But here are some threads on it:
My guess is for the unintiated or uninterested it probably went straight to the book store if they used it all--though $100 didn't go far when I was in University so doubtful it goes far there--or sold it to smarter people at a discount. Those interested in it showed up in those threads and got involved in some capacity since that took place. 
As mentioned before, it achieved getting some of the smartest people with access to the some of the best Labs and resources in the World interested in crypto. 
This, in conjuction with the 3 round pitch, made it one of the highlights of 2014; potentially it will start to pay dividiends in the near future as innovation advances from these guys. 
I personally want and have been activly trying to get Caltech get in this space and eventually colloborate with these guy at MIT on similiar pitch for seed money as MIT's crypto club still holds quite a few funds and said they will reserve them for future hackathons/pitches etc... I'm still trying to make that happen in what spare time I have, but its proving harder the closer I get to it finally happening. 
Drop me a line if you want to help make that happen and we can share our conacts and networks.
Here is what I'd like to see, though crypto/blockchain related happen at Caltech:
@_date: 2015-01-17 06:21:30
I thought about this today, and thought that if we do rasie any funds it should really be split 3 ways between: Snowden/TOR/Wikileaks. (4 ways if we include the PgP projec development, which would be awesome to hear from Zimmerman, and I hope he considers joining in the fun that night.)
So a crude logistical roadmap:
We have an online stream source, we have pre-show entertainement, we have all 3 of those aforementioned accepting Bitcoin so no 3rd party has to collect/hold funds for them; so now we just put it all together and have an invite system and host the show. (The only real question that is pestering me is the best way to verify payment to send out the invite/links?)
Ideas, thoughts?
@_date: 2015-01-26 05:37:41
So, I'm working on the Oscar's night, I already managed to find links to ABC in HD for back ups to keep it as decentralized as possible, but I'm still trying to find a primary stream. 
It will be an invite only event, which will be issued when donation(s) to Snowden's defense fund/Wikileaks/Tor project is confirmed.
Any feed back?
We can screen this, the Danish documentry, and have 3-4 back up links of the Oscars. I'm not much on Social Media, but if there is enough interest I'll try and get in touch with Applebaum and Assange to see if they'd like to join us. Hopefully Adam Back, other cypherpunksand Andreas can get in on the fun, too.
@_date: 2015-01-22 07:07:57
**Did you consider merging with Tails?**
I'd support this if it can be accomplished, outlined with a realistic roadmap with the possibilty of perhaps intergrating Darkcoin into it? 
@_date: 2014-05-29 14:45:22
Why is there a California license plate on a thread about btc growth in China?
Anyhow, yeah, great to see that even Mao's reign nor the current reigning plutocracy can't undo a monetary protocol. best of all, no fucking absurd volatility to fill the presstitutes soundbites teleprompter this time. 
Slow and steady, China; that is how you should play your hand moving forward. Also, with all the coders and IT people in China how come there aren't more core developers from there? They all seem to be either US or EU/UK based. 
Anyone have any pull request metrics to support otherwise?
@_date: 2015-01-14 23:47:12
My tangible assets exceed 10k, if you must know, but just like my btc they are a longterm investment. Keep looking at charts, while the rest of us are building a new economy, shill.
@_date: 2015-01-28 05:43:57
So, was there another auction or did he finally decided to stop colluding with thieves and did an OTC purchase?
I'm really starting to think there may be something to him being (or involved) Bearwhale. He can swing the price with his reserves, anyone have the blockchain record on his coins?
@_date: 2015-01-26 09:26:17


Learn to Bitcoin
[Step 1](
[Step 2](
Online: What you are willing to spend or prepared to lose.
Offline: Everything else.
@_date: 2014-12-03 23:35:55
Hardly neccessary, as most meetups post their ability to sell/buy up front to attendees in my experience. So, while not *eniterly neccesary*, I'd say it is encouraged as I personally believe its value is dervided from both its utility and the community which supports it. 
Source: I've been/registered for meetups in 4 differnt countries in the last year. 
@_date: 2015-01-13 05:28:47


Absurd, yet ultimately un-enforceable laws; I'd like to see them raid a bitcoin meeting for 'misuse of mobile phones' or 'mathmatical impropriety.' I think the State said they are allowed to mine them, just not conduct or transact in them, or something equally as stupid. 
They still have a wrecked currency, and stagnating standards of living after the crisis in 2008. And while they are better than many EU member states, its far from resolved. (Further proving why Iceland should never even consider going to the EU.)
Now, Capital Controls (in fiat) that is another story, those are real and tyranical to their core.
Auroracoin was tragic, but foreseeable; it could of done so much more even if its worth was only in the cents in terms of getting people used to programable currency, especially those eager to opt out of the States aforementioned oppressive Capital Controls. I'm also wondering why mining hasn't gotten even bigger there, though I'm glad it hasn't as it would give Bitcoin's decentralized maxim a point a failure.
@_date: 2015-01-15 08:18:24
So true... I can't think of a better solution for what creates legitmacy more than being the presence amongst slurpees, slim jims and glow in the dark condoms.  
Seriously, though, gift cards are already available from Gyft; and while I'd like to see them at a 7-11 if I had to chose I'd prefer easier to see more easy and secure wallets for noobs and smart contract services/2.0 technology than some throw back to what worked back in 1999 for The Gap's market startegy. 
Then again, who didn't go out and buy khaki's back then, right?
Sidenote: Don't like 1000's of 7-11 accept bitcoin in Mexico by default of some ATM netowork work-around, I remember seeing that earlier in 2014, which was huge news as its a massive recipient of remittances.
Found it: 
@_date: 2015-01-10 02:43:45
Not yet, but [someone]( has: 
**[BETA] So far, a total of 0.72309339 BTC has been sent!**
I'm trying to find my tips to try this out but I'm failling to do so, otherwise I'd say lets do this. 
*Send bitcoins to any email address.
There is no need to know someone's cryptic bitcoin address - just fill in their email address and send.
There's no registration required. There are no fees, except the recommended 0.0001 BTC transaction fee for the miners. Please see notes below for more details.*
@_date: 2015-01-22 07:26:45
Agreed. 
This is the way they wanted to gain legitmicy, by compromising ourselves and introducing the legacy's 'big dicks' and their [blood money]( in order to comply and expand. 
While I have vested interest in seeing Bitcoin-Crypto's presence expand as far as it can go, I have for the first time been taking a greater look at alt-coins now as a result, does anyone have a link to Darkcoin subreddit, the most obvious (r/darkcoin) one is private. 
Many may say they are digging their own graves, but I'm not so sure its that cut-dry. I think we are in the co-opt phase and that our tools (exchanges) will be used against us in order to de-stabalize what has been a resilient hotbed of innovation; disruptions in Mt Gox and Bitstamp have proven to be the best way to make the price drop and create substantial losses (in fiat terms) for projects or businesses holding BTC, thus curtailing the projects viability and compromising its investment/outlay's purchasing power for daily expenses.
With so many using Coinbase, and their open stance on 'regulatory compliance' they are the perfect target, and as Bitstamp has proven even in 2015 centralized exchanges are still a major kink in Bitcoin's armour.
@_date: 2015-01-08 01:31:29
**Caveat emptor**
I think we all have had our crash-burn moments. The internet and crypto, however, is making it a public spectacle. Which I have mixed feelings about, but I ultimately see it as an overall good as it facilitates itself as a source for information for those who seek it and wish to learn from it; *smart men learn from their mistakes; wise men learn from other's mistakes.*
It's natural for one to expound about the idealism of the Free Market, it's another thing to understand it and actually be an active particpant, and its an even greater feat to excel within it.
I see this as more of a lack of investment acumen and experience, if you can call *investing in cryptos* that, why would you not have some diversity to hedge against future losses--there will always be losses--and spread your risk across?
I'm affraid this is why I don't really care much for alts, besdies the few with some what novel atrributes (Darkcoin) they are the killing fields for pump-dumpers. That isn't to say they shouldn't exist but if when holding/investing (crypto is by and large a poor investment instrument) they certainly have significantly more drawbacks than BTC. 
With that said, it is sad to see; but if Pancake is reading this: cut your losses and learn from it, start over again and come back smarter and stronger: that is the best thing you can do. 
Hey, at least the suicide hotline number isn't a 'thing' in crypto anymore. 
@_date: 2015-01-19 03:06:17
Kek, is that an updated version of the [Bitcoin ad we have here on Reddit?](
The inner crypto nerd in me laughs hard at passport limitations: The Spice must flow!
@_date: 2015-01-14 23:25:42
I'd put in at least 10k if I had it right now, 169; these numbers are favorable for anyone who isn't a day trader and intended to hodl. 
I intitally had huge reservations about getting wall street idiots and hudge fund types into the space--in the name of liquidity of all thing--as I knew they would buy huge and leverage their position to fuck around with the price, but if that means coins are being directed and used by those with greater resolve and capital then so be it. 
Perhaps its misguided, but I think the get-rich-quick types are just learning what it means to Bitcoin. So the them:
Weak hands, I'd like to sub $100 coins, please. KTHXBYE.
@_date: 2015-01-16 08:36:51
[It's been known to happen.](
@_date: 2015-05-31 15:57:54
If you want incentivise people running full nodes, forget micro-payments and just sponsor them to buy the equipment [like I did here. (One should be up and running soon with a possibility of another two later on.)]( 
Early adopters should be the first step up, seeing as how they have the most to gain from securing the network. 
McM was fucking lame and instead of honouring their discount like they should have they backed out with some made up excuse about fixed prices; [only to later find out when I tested it, whilst logged into my account, they offered me a 10% discount to complete my purchase.]( 
Another suggestion is to use purse.io to buy the necessary memory media to run a full node on amazon, so what starts off as a ~$75 node, drops down to like $40-50, the savings can be seen as the costs of maintain the node (bandwidth, Bitcoin updates etc). 
I suggest we get a (**decentralized version!!!**) Tipping Tuesday like situation where people offer to offset some of the expenses of running a node. We all have the desire to secure the network, especially with 21's ambitions of mining centralisation, with no mention of nodes mind you, and all this talk about 20Mb block hard fork. 
Micopayments are meant for tips for Original Content and Meshnet bandwidth, not nodes; the up-front costs and effort of running one are more than your casual or the uninitiated are going to even consider, unfortunately. And the advent of sending 22 cents isn't going to change that, whether we like it or not. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 06:04:26
Ok, well, I wasn't expecting that... he is a man being hunted by the NSA and MIC and he has the nerves to endure all of that without a drink? Wow! I think that is an impossible amount of stress to cope with, and shouldn't be overlooked about his character.
But... ok, well, I work in Hawaii, too; [I'll make him POG made from Biodyanmic and Organic fruit from my farm and local ones and ship it to him if he wants.](
@_date: 2015-01-07 07:06:47
You didn't answer the question, and instead interjected and re-iterated what I had said about Garza and his scam in my own message. 
My question was related to the CCN--had you followed th elink you would have known that--who according to the previous poster was a benefactor of Paycoin. I wanted him or anyone else in the community to address how is the work the CCN doing tainted by their affiliation to this Alt currency?
I ask because I have vested interest in this and would like to get as many perspectives as I can, since one of my aims to help the community progress is to get another research unversity involved within the crypto community. 
@_date: 2015-01-16 09:15:04
The documentry? There were limited screenings earlier last year, and there was a screening at the CCC last month, but was not broadcast on the stream. 
In short, it was a limited screening, and they [even got by from some statist.]( I'm not sure if this is going straight to DVD or what Poitras has planned, I wished she had made the the Q/A session at the CCC available, so we could have asked about a dvd release date or even better have her torrent it and accept btc for it like the Rise and Rise of bitcoin. 
So in summary: no source as of yet, but that may change as screeners are often leaked for nominated films in the scene; though, that may change if Poitras and crew follow through on a PPV torrent or something. 
@_date: 2015-01-11 11:53:14
Word. 
Does that mean we won't be seeing the same themed videos/edits from the Darkwallet? I thought Cody was doing those before, as they conveyed a great message and captured the target audience better than anything I have ever seen advertised in the ecosystem to date.
If its a matter of not getting guys in the community to do it for free, lets setup a multi-sig address as a bounty for it and have guys here give what they can. I'll put in some bits since its been too long since I contributed to the DW project. 
I hope everything is wel in Catalunya, mate. Let us know how that Beta is coming along. 
@_date: 2015-01-18 05:07:57
Ok, so... clearly you're not invited...
@_date: 2015-01-16 05:34:05
Even the 10 CHF note? That fucking things is creepy, I hated having those in my wallet. When I first saw it it came across as a mix between that [creepy guy Old guy from family guy]( and [some old kook who would yell 'get off my lawn' with a loaded shotgun.](
[And those eyes... yessh.](
The coins, however, are amongst the most beautiful fiat I have ever seen, though. 
@_date: 2015-01-11 12:13:34


Haha, I said exactly the same. I saw the one at the Brea Mall after having bought at a meetup. It's 2015: [every Robocon needs to be ported to a Lamassu already after what Jordan Kelly pulled](
@_date: 2015-01-16 07:22:40
I worked at the ministry of Truth, brother; whereupon I narrowly escaped charges of thought-crime. 
Now, what ill fate befell you that you ended being a [State worshiping whore?]( 
@_date: 2015-01-08 00:04:14
Fringe here, can confirm: what I did was just let my account lapse, my credit card linked to this account expired and I never renewed it and I cannot actually login anymore so I can't actually close it. 
But if I could I would have... a long time ago, actually; it all began when I realized digital fingerprints and crypto currency do not mix, regardless of how many merchants they brought on board you have lost the point of what we are doing here and it was exmplified when they started shutting down accounts for (alledgedly) using gambling websites. It was a total 'go home and re-think your life' moment. They made their choice and we as a community should of responded in kind but convenience has and will always be the best lemming-trap of the masses, as the post-snowden era has shown us. 
Its a crude but apt simplification of where we are still in 2015, 6 years after the genesis block: convenience or security; **choose ONE**.
Maybe this is me waxing lyrically about yore (2011), but this community saw walled-gardens as the bane of progress and something we actively challenged at one point, so after 4 years being in this community I know the numbers have shrunk but we're still out here 'putting our money where our mouth is' and doing it the 'hard way.'


Troll bait for sure but since I'm already telling stories from the fringe: I actually met and bought from core devs (and some well known entrepreuers) and developers of some of the coolest projects in this space. I'm even on a first name basis with some of them after our encounters.
Not bad for someone who still hasn't even finished his Python course at Coursea. 
@_date: 2015-01-08 01:48:09
Meshnets, while a passion of mine, may not be entirely neccessary with the [way Africa has been developing. 4G is becoming more and more commonplace.](
@_date: 2015-01-26 07:22:11
Coinbase? You mean Blockchain.info, and yeah, [you should move that offline. Johoe can only cover their ass so many times.](
Edit: He knows: *Just to clarify: this bitcoin is offline in something more secure than Trezor.* 
@_date: 2015-05-14 18:53:05
Hold tight, Max! I'll keep you abreast about the ongoings; if I play my cards right we can make a story out of this!
[I just created a new moiker: 1 'Wheelup,']( $1.50 as that is the average price for a 320 Mp3: that is our collab's brain child so far. 
More to come!
@_date: 2015-01-29 10:07:35
I await the rebuttal from but you make valid points and I thank you for taking the time to address them at length for the community's consideration.
Is this why you decided to no longer use LGPLv3 on github?




I wanted it for a hotwallet with multisig. 
Life savings = cold storage 
@_date: 2015-01-29 08:08:11
Dude, get Mycelium there are a couple of sound guys in SD. PM me if your guy needs to order from a member of the community and I can pass on the details.


And on top of that they get the anal probe from Robocoin, ATM/BTM (if not a homebrew)  is fucking walking fossil, let it die already.
@_date: 2015-05-19 05:59:11
I used it to link up my changetip account to Soundcloud account after some initial bugs were being worked out last week, I found it useful and thought others would to. Do you think otherwise?
[And as a follow up to this comment,]( the tipping bot is working better than it was last week as it went in the first try; but I'm still going to do on blockchain transfers just in case. I recommend doing it to in case anything goes wrong, plus Changetip is picking up the tag for it, so both parties have their withdraw fees waived. 
@_date: 2015-01-16 07:54:15
I may speak in allegory, but it is truthful. You, however, possess the mental wherewithal of a lobotmized 14th century serf with a quick look at your post history. 
But, I'm done snacking on troll bait for the month, so... we'll just have to leave it here. 
@_date: 2015-01-31 03:14:39
Schadenfreude? (I can't see the video, btw.)
@_date: 2015-01-30 06:41:02


ftfy 
Homebrew or bust.
(Skyhook is permissible if they get their shit together, again; Lammasu is only ok.)
@_date: 2015-01-11 12:03:25
Ok, wil do; but the current state of affair in Colorado, before September's harvest, was that many farmers were actually still getting denied access to legacy banking and some were actually having their account frozen or closed entirely.
The repeal process required 'proof of financial disress' and 'wrongful termination' that ultimately was at the discretion of the Federal Reserve to approve or deny. Its financial censorship, no different than Wikileaks.
This is personal and cuts deep as I have vested interest in this in more ways than one; I even have a clumsy sort of work-around but it requires 'boots on the ground' and refinement so if anyone here is interested in making this happen and works to colloborate that would be awesome as I, at best, won't be able to get out to Colorado until May of this year if I find funidng for Operating Capital for my operation.
PM me if interested in making this happen as the Colorado's Cannabis indusutry in 2015 is shaping up to be pretty big, and should be a good one.
@_date: 2015-01-22 06:56:05
I got a sinking feeling when I read this:
*I went through a lot over the year in my personal relationships as well. I had mostly shut myself off from people because I felt ashamed of where my life was. I had left my promising career as a scientist to be an investment adviser and entrepreneur and came up empty handed...*
The glut of wasted Human Capital and mis-allocated resources since 2008 has had so many dire implications, this (if true) seems to me like just another casuality in a long list of victims. I'm not saying SR wasn't a worthy cause, it was, but I'm all too familair with the desperation most of us millineals have felt as we had our futures stoien from us which has made the best of us go to extremes to achieve our goals... often with little to show for it even when we do succeed. 
Does anyone know what Ross studied?
@_date: 2015-01-19 00:12:18
I'd teach first girl **all** about cold storage, multisig and HODLING! 
But, yeah, we're not ready for *mass adoption*.
@_date: 2015-05-24 08:35:48
And as an added plus: [its now NOB Approved.](
I thought that was funny seeing it at a D1 event, in its stock trim it can smoke the tires rather well; I'd really like to see one compete. The sound factor is definitely a negative, but that can be overlooked for cool factor of seeing it go tandem with a GTR in Ebisu or Suzuka. 
I like Tesla and what they are doing these days, but its history is a dubious one, especially if you believe in Free Markets and are against Government intervention--2007/2008 marked a low point in US auto manufacturing, Tesla didn't do itself any favors by taking the DOE loan for initial runway. 
You can say all you want about paying it back ahead of schedule, just as GM tried to spin, but the fact remains that is what happened to get it where it is today. And who here would touch a Volt? (Any of GM's worthless cronie-capitalism lineup for that matter?)
PS: I'd still take the GTR or LFA. 
@_date: 2015-01-16 00:25:08
I was about to say that this all seems like a red-herring and we are losing persepective of what is really at stake here; blame Karpeles all you want, but the Drug War has been the bane of many of the World's ills and has made many capitulate to the State when 'affiliated' with its trafficing, all while the CIA has been running drugs out of South America and the Middle East for decades...
A part of me wants to see Karpeles burn for being the bane of the Bitcoin comminty for years now, and if what you wrote is in fact emperically true, I'd like to see hang for being a traitor State accomplice. But I just have an unnerving feeling this is merely tapping into the Bitcoin community's rage after the final GOXXING to allow us to comply with their will: legitmize the State's power, through the use of plausible and emotionally charged scenarios. 
I don't know... this was a complete mindfuck, and easy to get lost in, but still I'm not losing perspective of what is really at stake here: the Natural Right(s) as Human beings to be free and have liberty absent of any nation-state's decrees.


[Ever heard of rendition camps?]( The State doesn't need permission to take anyone in the middle of the night, there are quite a few in Europe (and the rest of the World, really). And Japan is essentially just another post-WWII US colony with bases everywhere, don't think the US justice system kept him out of harms way, it was clear the fucker made a deal when he wasn't extradited right away and kept fucking around on Twitter and reddit. 
He just got burned for complying with the State, and this community should lambast him for all of eternity for doing so. But I really don't think him rotting in some cell will really achieve anything, anyway. 
@_date: 2015-01-29 07:39:13
Dude, have you heard of the saying 'for every hot girl you see there is some guy tired of fucking her' before? Its true, and she is no different than the other overnight celebs the Hollywood Inc machine churns out.
But, don't let me ruin it for you and fap away if/when it gets funded.
PS: She looks like a Kylie Minogue clone, it won't be long before she is some Russian/Arab oligarchs plaything after a brief and easily forgotten foray with a sports professional to meet sales figures of 2-3 mediocre cd's. I mean I'd wreck that if I got that chance, unlikely, but this much attention/media for a chick like that? Pass.
Just youtube'd her *music*... yeah, generic teen pop crap that smells of a boardroom powerpoint presentation from a mile away.
@_date: 2015-01-22 06:45:52
Thanks for looking into it, and while I agree Trezor is expensive, I think what makes it unfavorable (in my eyes) is that it placed a great focus on the fact that the 'money of the internet' needs add-ons to operate beyond a mobile phone--which is the mostr readily accessible device these days in the World and seen as the 'game changer.' 
It highlights our security issues, but also our inability to do commerce seamlessly, which is ironically something that I think these wallets can solve for most getting started.
You got a +1 for the English version with multi-sig.
@_date: 2015-01-16 08:56:47
I don't think I have ever watched the Oscars in my entire life, despite being from California... but with this being nominated, how do you guys feel about sending a fellow crypto nerd (Snowden) some love to mark the occasion?
I'm in for sending him some bits to buy a bottle of Russian Standard to enjoy while we all tune in, we can get someone to stream it and maybe we can tweet Applebaum/Assange and get Snowden and some OG cypherpunks to watch with us while we all watch. 
It will be fun, crypto inside jokes and banter is sure to be had. Invites can be sent with hash/confirmation of blackchain tx or something equally as nerdy. 
So, who is in?
@_date: 2015-01-26 06:59:54
Non-US option: 
@_date: 2014-07-29 06:38:47
Clearly. But look at what he wrote:


Bitcoin and bitcoin are two things entirely, which co-exist, but when you are trying to correct someone its best to do so when you yourself are not incorrect as well. Most tend to use Bitcoin and bitcoin interchangibly,without too much confusion so...  But like I said, that is ONLY if you wanted to be pedantic about the matter. 
@_date: 2015-05-19 05:33:49
Alright guys, its time to drop some tips on our favourite artists on Soundcloud. Some guidlenes:
Try not to tip less than $0.50 USD, we don't want to spam them with tips that would otherwise go ignored: think how useless and annoying the Enjoy_Sochi dust was in terms of value, chances are they will view like that as well.
Genre specific Monikers welcomed!
Post proof of the tx and comment of the tip here, if you wanted to tip an artist but it was already done, consider tipping the guy/gal who did before you with small(er) amount and choose another artist.
Lastly, lets try and entice artists without Sounclouds to make them by tipping them teaser amounts with monikers and comments on there Facebook/Twitter/Youtube channels.
It's 7am in Europe, and I will be dropping a tip every 30 minutes until I run out of money.
Special thanks to Max, for the generosity, and hopefully joins us as soon as he suggested the idea of doing this.
Let's go!
Edit: Reposted with link with a how-to.
Edit: Syntax for the change tip is:
** *1 Example of Moniker Usage*
@_date: 2015-01-22 07:44:55
[The most hated man on Wall Street knows what he is doing.]( 
Byrne is a trailblazer, and we are all so much richer for his participation.


@_date: 2014-08-06 08:49:57
I am not surprised, and actually laud, that it appears to be the attire for those working outdoors. That looks like someone watching a field get tilled with a tractor to me, but it could be road construction, too, since that clothes seems too clean to me. 
Cool stuff, none the less. 
@_date: 2015-01-29 08:29:59
[They didn't need to copy their code and it still happend.](
I hope they take a sizeable chunk of Trezor's marketshare for this stunt.
Edit: Actually they might have after all:
@_date: 2015-01-12 13:55:19


Well, nothing so far on the twittersphere, but I found this:
In-depth coverage of the Ross Ulbricht trial with Cody Wilson, Julia Tourianski, &amp; Roger Ver for 01/11/15 
Edit: Too late to hyperlink correctly, And according to the podcast its starts on the 13th, not today, the 12th.
Just finished 1/2 of it and Julia and crew will be on the ground, and so will the Austin Crypto guys will be there, too. Kep an eye out.
@_date: 2015-01-16 03:44:15


Mother fuck! I swear Coinbase is full of fucking fail these days, I was actually looking forward to congratualting  you on a nice windfall when you got so much ball-busting from the trolls around here. 


Damn, dude, you're taking this far too well in my opinion; I didn't give them any slack when they pulled that 'we're out of coins' trick in early 2014 or when they put stupid 10+ percent premiums for a weekend, and when they couldn't muster a coherent and valid arguement for digital fingerprinting they lost my business forever. 
Its not the money, its really about not having caluculated risk taking be rewarded that pisses me off in the name of regulatory compliance: that really hits home. 
Edit: [Stuff I said earlier in this thread, and subsiquent trolling and downvoting.](
@_date: 2015-01-10 07:48:25
I haven't listened to it myself, I'm listening to some other podcasts waiting for the SpaceX launch tonight. But this may be interesting to some, and I will certainly have a listen to it later this weekend. 
Top kek @ comment:
1 hour ago
 
I wanted to hear about bigfoot and ghost not bit coins. Snory. Thank god hes off tmwr....
@_date: 2015-05-19 00:47:18
BTC-e for sure.
Also, if you are looking for a wallet that does this [Coinomi]( intergrated Shapeshift; Erik and the guys at Shapeshift gave me a live demo and it works on non-confirm txs. 
Pretty cool wallet if you need to convert crypto and it has HD wallet feature.
@_date: 2015-05-19 05:45:22
[1 Ultra Sonic Vibration to J:kenzo](
**TipMinionAlice**: 
*commented  would like to send you a tip for 1 ultra sonic vibration (4,251 bits/$1.00). Pick it up here: 
on Nightmare Box (J:Kenzo Remix)*
@_date: 2015-05-14 05:01:31
So this is up and running, right? 
Can anyone give a walk through as to how they can enable this feature on the API, ideally with pictures so I can give to them; I'm going to try this out on pair of artists from the UK I'm going to see this weekend so I'll have an update for media to run if it pans out. 
@_date: 2015-05-19 08:35:28
[1 Daish () to Overlookdnb](
*  would like to send you a tip for 1 daish (4,251 bits/$1.00). Pick it up here: 
on Loxy &amp; Overlook - Harbour [Samurai Music] [SMG005]*
@_date: 2014-05-16 14:42:56
Hmm, I'm not using my weekly instant buys nearly enough, I don't trade and buy bi-monthly, so depending on your purchases I'd take active coinbase users up on a multi-sig based instant buy for tips. 
PM me and we can flesh out the details. 
@_date: 2015-05-19 10:08:13
[1 Swish to DJ Pinch](
*  would like to send you 1 Swish (5,144 bits/$1.21). Pick it up here: 
on PINCH - GET OUT OF HERE - SWAMP81 [clip]*
@_date: 2014-08-13 06:17:02
I think, and I may be wrong, that a reporter provides a segement from thier own regions that accept bitcoin; because its never the same reporter(s) despite it being mainly focused in California and one of their sponsers is an a/v rental business from SoCal. 
@_date: 2015-01-31 07:47:08
Then you haven't thought this through. CB is not what you think it is, and painting it with a broad brush in that manner negates reality. 
(I was a stong advocate for them before, check my post history; I even thought about applying for a position until I realized they placed digital fingerprints on their customers and it all unraveled from there.)
@_date: 2015-05-20 00:39:05
[1 Churrasco to The Intercept (Glenn Greenwald)](
*  would like to send you 1 Churrasco (2,835 bits/$0.64). Pick it up here: 
on James Risen &amp; Glenn Greenwald: "Pay Any Price," the War on Terror &amp; Press Freedoms Posted 23 secs ago23 secs*
@_date: 2019-03-20 20:27:34
I used bitrefill for some phone credit on Viber, it  took like 2-3 tries from what I recall.
@_date: 2019-03-18 20:59:09
I only have Linux machines, so I can't DL the app; and I already missed the screenings near me. 
How else can I watch this? 
@_date: 2019-03-15 18:59:45
Are you seriously suggesting that the 21st Century is comparable to the early 20th when over 90% of the US population had some role in Ag? No, dude... automation in that Industry alone made it such that less than 2-3% has to be involved to create an excess and surplus of food, and consider that over 40% of that is loss in transit. 
No, we're leaps and bounds beyond where we were back then in just that respect alone. But, I agree that post-scarcity is still far off, and will require a radical change in the Human condition. But, taking steps such as these are a critical component; allowing people to free up there time to focus on pursuits that they deem necessary and are passionate about is the best we can do for the next generations. 
@_date: 2019-03-19 21:58:35
I had to search what Trust even was, as I don't have any ETH... but for starters it supports BTC?
Also Liquid, this is a blockstream thing only; read the article and decide for yourself if its something for you. I'm not a trader but I want to see what applications and use-cases this has beyond just using as they described, tx times aren't really that big a of a concern after seg-wit. But I want to see what else it can do. 
Personally, I'm no longer a wallet maximalist; having different devices/wallets for different applications has been my norm for the past 4-5 years in BTC. 
@_date: 2019-03-22 20:10:15
Rad, that hoop house is too small for any real cultivation, but you could have a starter/clone nursery in there with a couple 100 trimmings. With things like flowers, herb sprouts or citrus/fruit trees you could have over a 1000 worth of product in there.
Alternatively, cannabis plants could be in there too and have tens of thousands worth of clones. 
I could envision something like Kimble Musk's Squared roots farm/container running on solar with one of these attached in the back with modulated LED lighting being what is ultimately going to be used on Mars in the early days. 
@_date: 2014-06-24 16:46:45
Fuck off, not this again!


And for a duration longer than a few days, like last time. Is bittylicious involved with this, again? 
@_date: 2019-03-16 19:28:18


I thought about that, too , actually. I thought they were Mainland money/apps only and required a Chinese social security number or something along those lines. 


This was my best guess, too, but even if were so those are cutting into their margins badly; what's the Baht to USD ratio? 20 cents/tx could be a huge loss in profits if so, especially if its a 2-hop intermediary taking fees all the way down. 
Either way, that's cool to see BTC via LN being accepted as Thailand is one of those 'cash is king' cultures. 
@_date: 2019-03-19 20:57:30
Yeah, same arguments regurgitated every SINGLE time, and phrased in a way that 'anarchy' is some how a disaster to be avoided at all costs; despite them throwing around their weight around in the tech industry when it suited them, they fail to realize and acknowledge that [Burners-Lee created the very WWW, upon which tech like Bitcoin operates over, in an anarchic and decentralized manner]( It was meant to be permissionless.  (And this was a time that they themselves were old enough to see it occur.)
Subsequently, it has failed to live up to this criteria by the very creator(s) and we've all been made worse because of it. And yet, it has managed to be the main way we conduct commerce and transfer private information in the 21st Century.
It was these very handful of business entities that distorted this to their monetary gain to create a sophisticated and addictive panopticon most often funded by and at the behest of Nation-states.
Good on Jimmy for trying to make them confront their double-speak non-sense, but it won't change much... and felt it was business as usual there.
I laughed at the 'great leap' mosquito law analogy, so thanks for that.
@_date: 2019-03-20 06:39:54


I think his position on dividing CA was absolutely absurd, and his malware thing is not to be forgotten (spearfish?), but he's far from an idiot. The man has been a BTC proponent for longer than most here, and has actually helped with funding things through Boost VC, he may not be the darling of Silicon Valley VC culture like Elon who gets the public to adore his every act, but who is, really? 
I agree Andreas is far more eloquent, and exceedingly for more knowledgeable; but that's too high a standard to hold most bitcoiners to. 
Let me turn this around as ask: what have you done in this space so that we may judge your merits or lack thereof?
@_date: 2019-03-05 08:48:35
No crypto: Cash App
Some Crypto: Bisq
Ideal solution: Your local BTC meetup.
@_date: 2019-03-04 03:30:59


I understand this argument, but I think its analogous to saying, 'yeah, well, I started with training wheels and they still work for me!'
BTC and crypto as a whole is such that once you start to buy in, or before in my case, you only have a vague overview of it, but as you learn more you begin to see just how vast it really is. So, much like your argument I can understand it was your first foray with purchases, but why don't you go to a meetup and try and buy some there? That's when you get a real idea of what this tech is really about, p2p money with no middle men was when I first realized this might actually be a worthwhile endeavor. 
If you think trying to re-enforce the the idea of what is on the White paper itself is overzealous, I would argue the issue is not with 'crypto idealists' but rather with a cohort unwilling to understand what it is they found themselves in.  
You're free to use whatever you want, but understand that Coinbase is essentially the antithesis of what BTC is about, and they're renown for doing unscrupulous things, so why not choose one of the many alternatives that have since come online since you started? 
@_date: 2019-03-26 10:23:24


Actually he said he 'believed in her,' and her ability to dedicate her Life to Theranos to make it into what she had promised it could be, which is not the same. He did pay her, but if you're a billionaire and this is a lifelong family friend, what's a million if the upside of a moonshot pans out?
What I took away from that Doc is people bought into her narrative (female entrepreneur disrupting Big biotech/Pharma) more than the actual product itself and she was persuasive in extracting both financial as well as Human capital from so many that it can't be denied she was apparently good at it. How that was done, especially with that absurd voice, is beyond me; if you do any public speaking you can see some very obvious signs she was obfuscating a lot. Those eyes look a person who does a lot of amphetamines, too. I actually wanted to Watch Nightcrawler right after as she reminded me of that character so much, especially with those eyes.
I'm not taking his side here, in fact he would have been better off just putting that into BTC instead, but consider a million for him is like a grand or two for us plebs. It'll sting at first, but you'll get over it.
@_date: 2019-03-04 19:49:27
Bwahaha!! 
@_date: 2015-05-14 06:51:36
Rad, even better. 
I'll try and get pics, they're from the UK (W. Midlands, I think?) coming to Hollywood so anyone who wants to pick up the story can highlight circumventing the rigged Forex market and subsequent fees. 
If any media is interested drop me a line. 
I can just load my changetip account linked to this reddit handle and use it on the SC page, right? 
Edit: Oh, damn; they're going to Denver after Hollywood, lets see if I can get them to use the Cannabis Vending machine in Eagle County.
@_date: 2019-03-21 20:47:39
Dude... give the keyboard warrior thing a rest. 
Op, that's a cool project. I'll hold on to the link and recommend it to those who may need this; does this take .csv files exported from websites, or do you still have to put it in manually? 
@_date: 2019-03-27 20:31:53
Its the biggest consumer Market in the World, with arguably the biggest development/developers and infrastructure thus far... Honestly? Just try and onboard local merchants to LN, I'd never use gift cards paid with BTC to pay airbnb, and I personally think stuff like this is a waste of time as I'd rather just use fiat for that; but, I do see how skewed and US-centric BTC stuff is/has been, especially after having lived outside the US trying to push this tech onto several Industries--with various levels of success.
You guys have a real uphill battle, but its worthwhile, so rambokick complacency in the face and get out there and start offering LN integration to your favorite bars and stuff.
@_date: 2019-03-28 09:24:32
If this quote was actually attributed to him, as I have seen it been linked to Tortsky too, it couldn't come from a more Mr. Burns like character who used the opaque nature of the monetary system to his advantage; he not only had factories in Germany but he openly collaborated with the SS to supply them with Raw Materials in the lead up to WWII. He even went so far as to let them have a majority share of his Factory to continue operations, while still collecting funds for its output and raw materials, as he was not deemed worthy as he wasn't German enough for his SS links, and name changes didn't help 'Ford-werke gmbh.'
This guy was a horrible Statist, he just played both sides, proving Capital has no allegiance to Country--as it should be--but, he's hardly a victim of the very same system he's denouncing in that quote. He's a war profiteer, and likely a treasnous one, at the time when ACTUAL US CITIZENS of Japanese blood were thrown into internment camps and stripped of their assets and property, and forced to send their children to War to prove their loyalty.
In fact, I wonder how much Market Share Ford was able to acquire after WWII precisely because Henry positioned himself to work/supply/collaborate with the SS and Nazis (who were socialist and were forceful in their control over the Deutschmark, mind you).
Most awesome modern car brands had links to Military armament: BMW, Mercedes, VW, Nissan, Mitsubishi, Toyota, GM, Rolls Royce etc... But you'd be hard-pressed to hear those CEOs criticizing the very same monetary system that kept them afloat through those years. That and Martin Bormann, I suppose.
Besides, I like Andrew Jackson's 'Den of Viper' Speech way more, at least he killed a Central Bank.
@_date: 2019-03-15 19:59:27


Ok, last response on this because I think i get your arguments core principal: Physics must be 'conquered' in order to achieve post scarcity. 
Wouldn't it be best to ensure that would-be physicist be allowed to undergo not just the basic education and training to make that happen, but also be allowed to experiment with the ability to place their theories in to practice? That requires they not be encumbered with just trying to survive. 
Anecdote: I studied a STEM degree in University, and I had to work through school and I can tell you right now that was the case for most for students from working class families. 
As a result we had little to no time to actually apply the skill sets we acquired from our schooling as our time was limited and constrained to class and work; for every class a non STEM student has we have to take 2 (lecture and lab) and often some sort of additional course to re-enforce what we 'learned' that leaves us with no time to explore and do independent research and often leaves us beyond exhausted--I used to have to stay up for 72 hours once a week just to get it all done. Every week of the term after the 2nd is a midterm, or lab practical.
This as a design is not healthy, nor is it productive if the outcome is to have a motivated, robust scientific talent pool to draw from to solve the ongoing challenges in the World, and not just some overworked, exhausted subservient working-poor-underclass. Unfortunately, academia has been churning out the latter  to the benefit of many entrenched Industries for decades now. 
Are you telling me that you don't think removing that barrier alone is a worth while to 'mastering' physics as you've described? Many of my colleagues didn't even get to work in the Industry for the degree they studied, some just opted to go to graduate school just because it was better to amass debt in a 'safe space' than try to pretend they actually got anything out of their undergrad because they were burned out by Junior year and just barely scraped by to graduate in 5 years. 
Again, I accept that this isn't a sure bet, I just think that this is a huge drag on overall Human progress. And just so its clear, I kind of wish most don't even have to go to University and [can instead do something like Boyan Slatt.](
I've never gone back to a lab after I paid my student debt, despite the fact that I got letters of recommendation and  was asked to join my biochem professor's lab as graduate student. 
Instead I moved on entirely and decided to make progress elsewhere, but anytime I spent time with fellow biologists they always say that I should return to the lab. And they think my Biohacking approach to Life is not the only thing I should be doing as they often say there are places in their labs for someone like me, but I simply refuse to go back.  
@_date: 2019-03-04 19:53:59
Ahh... yeah, in order to complete a deal a small deposit (held in btc) must be made to complete any transaction, its an form of escrow to ensure it goes smoothly. 
Cash App is good for no-coiners to buy that's simple and easy to use, but is KYC/AML compliant, you can always send to samurai and mix of course, and then just use BSQ for privacy afterward.
@_date: 2019-03-11 00:32:37


Nice, keep us posted! 
@_date: 2019-03-21 21:26:00
Bitcoin Heist is on Netflix now and is good, too; not really technical in any way but still enjoyable.
@_date: 2019-03-22 22:06:28
Passive roof water heaters are really quite efficient, so having something like this attached to that to continuously heat water could be really useful, too.
@_date: 2019-03-22 07:13:11
Start a meetup, run a node(s), learn to code, get familiar with the ecosystem and try to leverage upon the greatest strengths you have gained. 
17 is a good age to be thinking about these matters, luckily for you guys you have apprenticeship models so university and the debt that comes with it isn't really an issue, so you should have ample time to do all of the above. 
Download/buy Mastering Bitcoin to get a solid foundation to build upon.  
@_date: 2019-03-27 09:45:02
Doesn't the PRC make people disappear for less than that? I'm not wising that on him, that seems incredibly callused to anyone besides the most toxic amongst us, but I'm not wrong, right?
There have been people executed for doing that on a smaller scale in China: 
@_date: 2019-03-20 08:30:36
Coinbase, huh?
Lets see how long this will last before they shut you down. CBD is still treated like MJ on a Federal level, despite  the new Farm Bill that allows for cultivation of hemp and its derived products, but placing them in the hands of a VC funded, and less than reputable platform for payment processing of your still 'schedule 1' product... that's going to throw some red flags.
Let me know what your reasoning was with going with coinbase via PM if you want to chat. I'm pretty sure its convenience, but hopefully that will spare you losing out on money they'll eventually freeze. I've seen it too many times.
@_date: 2019-03-16 19:34:23
Interesting, I appreciate your analysis from your perspective staying there. Things will always be written with an agenda or bias, so that's a given.
I still think Streetnet is an awesome meshnet project, and shows the resilience of the People who may not have the means to just stand around waiting for those state issued cards, besides, tech like this by its very Nature is subversive. so why bother to comply instead of building your own alternative. 
@_date: 2015-05-14 23:38:02
Not when I get errors like this when trying to link my wallets:
**There is another account associated with that username for that site. If you have unexpectedly found yourself with two separate accounts, try closing one of the accounts and reconnecting from inside your remaining account's settings page. If that doesn't work, please contact us at support and we'll get it sorted out.**
I tried disconnecting either/or with no success. 
Withdraw balances are automatically deducted but blockchain confirms are exceeding the 10 min average (I tested with 100 bits in case they didn't pay miner fees):
Edit: Ok, 2 confirms made and the 100 bits are available after the blockchain.info site got 404'd by cloudflare. I guess I'll do on-chain tx transfers then. 
Edit 2: Will update later just sent another 15,000 bits to tip, watch the confirm times:
Edit 3: Its there, but the tipping bot is hit/miss on monikers, I had to submit 5 times for one to go through and I tried making another with the same format and it still won't clear/confirm.
Final edit: Ok, so I know its a day old and their will be bugs, but damn... I logged 15 errors with only one tip sent awaiting pick-up; I'll post the history if anyone wants to see it, but if you guys are worried about cross-linking and stuff, you're safe for now. Missing balances due to bot/wallet errors, however, that seems to be a concern. One more try with a new top up, but damn... if not I'm just going to tip them from my own mobile wallet and leave the comments.
@_date: 2015-05-21 02:21:22
Awesome! Thanks for playing. Yeah, consider getting those other 2 set up. :)
Show us when you get it up and running, yeah?
@_date: 2019-03-15 07:39:27
Well... that's better than the 10 years he was supposedly facing for embezzlement, so that's a positive. And considering this has been dragging on since 2014, its probably the best outcome given the circumstance.
Update: [
No time in jail apparently. 
@_date: 2019-03-19 21:34:44
Hot wallet, low sum, applications that you use in the wild and have cool features that those locally held wallets (electrum is the only one that comes to mind) don't?
@_date: 2019-03-27 09:29:12
I've been giving this some serious thought recently.
Did anyone ever think it would be possible to be involved in a movement where the most despised company in the ecosystem is still environmentally friendly and being rewarded to do so? One which is not only based in one of the most polluted areas in the World, but also one WITH cheap State-subsidized fossil fuel sourced electricity!
And yet its incentivized (monetarily) to act in an environmental manner of their own volition... if this isn't the most positively impactful form of social engineering we have created in the 21st Century, I really don't know what is; I'm of the firm belief that when this time in History is written, Bitcoin will have more than just a few footnotes about monetary tech disruption but instead a whole chapter(s) written about its implications in re-defining social structures and its shift into a more sustainable model, which rewards doing what is right!
I mean, fuck Jihan/Bcash and all that... but its still pretty amazing that stuff like this even happens. I just can't see how a Monsanto-Bayer, Nestle, DOW or Syngenta would turn around do anything similar in the fiat World, despite all the Global pressure, protests and hatred for them respectively or collectively.
Amazing times, indeed...
@_date: 2015-05-19 10:15:54
[Making it rain on Soundcloud right now,]( I'll also have to pay for my phone bill in a few days, too. 
I wish I could buy another bottle of [this sake I'm drinking right now, though.]( 
Anyone want to try and pitch Bevmo to take BTC?
@_date: 2019-03-16 19:36:40
Looking back it I could trim some of it and still portray the same scene. I thought it was too, actually; luckily it was just a primer to get me into the mood to write last night. 
Thanks for the feedback. 
@_date: 2019-03-14 17:27:30
One would argue that incentive has already been in place for decades with the welfare options in the US, UK and the EU; I think open borders are the sane thing to have as a species, but the displacement of people from war torn areas should be an issue the aggressor nation should have to deal with, not the citizenry who had no say in the matter.  
Moreover, the argument is based on the idea that all other forms of (wasteful) welfare services would be phased out in return for this and could be funded from that discretionary budget; I'd like to believe just not funding the pentagon and DoD with trillions would solve that issue and that of education, but that isn't the narrative that is being pushed here in regards to UBI, unfortunately. 
Persoanlly, I honestly would opt-out of my US based location if I could live in a less expensive area and be able to work without restriction in another country/continent with lower cost of living. I'd even split my UBI with anyone who could provide labour to an Industry of my choice (Aerospace most likely) and local community outreach for a net positive to help them re-locate if needed. 
@_date: 2019-03-04 20:02:57


Wouldn't make sense to have Layer 1, which while secure, is way overkill for their needs and tx volume. LN is what Kroger is considering, who probably does as much if not more in revenue, than Starbucks.
I paid with crypto via a pull NFC system in 2016, their POS will have to be upgraded, the ingenico POS are horrible. They break down a lot, and even their chip readers will have to go. So why not roll out a better solution with out such a wear-tear POS system?
I only did it because I was trying out my own solutions for my clients, and never did it again: I went to Rite-aid, Natural Grocers, and McDonald's too. Crypto for retail purchases, while mildly interesting as a hurdle to overcome, has little to no novelty and can't really compete with the legacy system with the exception of an options when abuse of power from the likes of Visa/MC comes into play, if I'm entirely honest. And fees play a role in that. 
With that being said, I will say that I'm getting giddy seeing how Square and Cash App will have to integrate a product now more than ever due to the pressure this retail side demand is placing on them to deliver one.
@_date: 2019-03-25 07:52:54


Throw in mass consumption as the biggest motivator into that mix and I'll agree; this is almost understandable if you consider that they now have access to an abundance never seen before for the Chinese commoner,  and after nearly 2000-5000 years of totalitarian rule.
@_date: 2019-03-19 21:19:34
PBOY is the Crypto equivilent of Banksy.
Anyone have any of his other work online? That reminds me of a mural I saw in the back alleys of Modena or Bologna with a large octopus if anyone one knows which one I'm talking about I haven't been able to find it on my HDDs.
Site is in the article, actually: [
As excited as I get about things like LN and such, I've come to realize we've been under-valuing the critical need for artists (not just meme makers) in this space this last decade; hearts and minds of the masses aren't so easily captivated by describing the sheer elegance of a Bynzentine-resistent, proof of work system, but they can easily see something like this and 'get it.'
@_date: 2019-03-05 03:41:41
Err... I meant Wasabi, Samurai has richochet which only adds hops not actual mixing like Wasabi. 
@_date: 2019-03-21 09:50:37


Based on what, him crying like a D-level actor reject reading from a script on day time soap opera interview?
Please... he had tall the money to do much more to live up to his hype as his (self-procliamed?) Bitcoin Jesus moniker. He funded a few startups, bitched on social media about how much he has given when they didn't do as he demanded (shapeshift), and then told Andreas he didn't matter and was a loser as he spent most of his crypto helping the community through Education and discourse rather than amassing bitcoin... subsequently turning AA into a millionaire and is now more prolific than ever.
That guy is and will always be a fucking tool, how most didn't see past his shit is beyond me, and I really wish we could have gotten rid of him years ago. I almost feel no remorse for those idiots that followed him with Bcash his motives were greed and self-promotion, nothing more. That guy needs serious psychological help and if he ever recovers a better understanding of this tech, as he often caught making completely ignorant remarks about segwit from its onset.
@_date: 2019-03-16 06:16:06
So, there I was waiting for my payment from last nights bounty to confirm as I watched the neon lights march the next batch of marks to the robo-whores in the red district--to be fair, they looked liked they were just begging to have their organs stolen by the triads, so I didn't try to stop them. Suddenly, the craving and aroma of  oil and noodles sizzling on a hot pan hit me harder than Mcafee's meatbag fists punching the sky when he realized his dick was saved!
My stomach began to rumble like a Buick with a rotting tailpipe, the pulsating feeling moved all along my body eventually ending in my left wrist. My watch wallet showed 'confirmed transaction,' so I made my way to Auntie P's Noodle stand in the MBK food market, where she slings the meanest Pad Thai this side of 'BK.
When I got there a hapless PRC tourist was in line trying to bargain with Auntie P to take his worthless Wechat tokens, but she was having none of it and suddenly turned to her synth with a disapproving scowl--if Jin-yang would've stopped flailing his arms like an overdosed circus chimp for a second he'd smart-up and realize he was about 10 seconds away from having his clavicle broken in three places.
I scanned the qr code and ordered the regular just as I heard the sound of metal colliding into his torso tossing him into the backalley and hitting what sounded like every garbage can ever made in Thailand... I swiftly ordered another bowl for the tourist to console himself with when he regained consciousness, they are after all the tastiest noodles in town!
@_date: 2019-03-30 07:43:25
Oh, see, we drive completely differently you and I. I would have to swap pads every track event (often Kevlar) and my brake fluid (DOT 5) to boot as it was being pushed.
But, I also worked in the Industry in various sides, too. 50k miles on a normal ICE car is pushing it really far. Rotors are probably screwed and chewed up if you tried to make a pad last that long, as it would likely to its bare metal and shims by then. Maintenance is a highly neglected part of car ownership, and is often only an after thought until severe weather exposes that. The shit I've seen...
@_date: 2019-03-21 10:18:16
You know, for all the shit the community has had to endure from so many exit scams, why you people are so adamant on having these legacy players be a central point of failure .in what is supposed to be a decentralized protocol is beyond me.
LN adoption is what we should be pushing, not Visa/MC, they're not you're friends... they don't care about you, and they antagonistic toward crypto they cannot control, which includes but is not limited to BTC.
If you need to buy something with visa or mc, do it with fiat, full stop: stop intermingling the two technologies, they are polar opposites.
@_date: 2019-03-18 21:12:11
Cool, I need to catch up on this series, LN stuff moves so fast I can't keep up these days. 
@_date: 2019-03-15 00:13:51
Why don't you fill us in, rather than rely on what Pouliot said. 
BISQ trades still function as they should. 
@_date: 2019-03-30 20:43:48
Cool, reach out of you need some pointers: 2010-2013 was such an awesome time in this space. 
@_date: 2019-03-24 19:23:29
Advertising as Tax free? Oh, this is good... This looks like a street style apparel shop you'd find in Shibuya or Roppongi.
Glory days will be when gyarus make a comeback and accept btc and are back parapara'ing it up in the Trump Room.
@_date: 2019-03-30 06:56:22


Regenerative braking, the battery is charged by the car's kinetic energy recovery system when off the accelerator.
It's odd when you first step in the car, but after a while you're using rather intuitively.
So, while it does vastly decrease the need for brake pad replacement, you'll still use them up, though it would be totally reasonable for that to be something you only do like every 30-50k miles unless you're doing some serious braking. And with AP2 enabled commutes, maybe longer?
I drove a Tesla Model 3 Performance, and was taking it up to 130 in the turns (damn that thing handles and accelerates so well) and because of its regenerative system I was on the brakes only 20% of the time I would to stop for a turn.
Teslas really aren't cars, as we know them, it drives and handles like a rocket ship and has games and features inside like a smartphone with ridiculous stuff like AP2 and depending on the model you can make it dance--its really like a big toy! I was landing my rocket on Mars while I was at the Supercharger and getting ready for my next stint.
@_date: 2019-03-10 23:37:14
What I meant was that if you do not have any Bitcoin, as is the case for most noobs (which is why the Coinbase argument is so pervasive around here and used to justify its existence) who use these services, then you are better off using Cash app for an easy on-ramp from fiat in every single facet from that POV.
Why? Because they do not require you to have Bitcoin to make a tx, like on Bisq, so you can purchase without opening a wallet elsewhere. Now, should you choose to redeem your funds for actual btc then you must provide KYC/AML info to then move your coins to an actual Bitcoin wallet address. Until that point you aren't really dealing with actual btc itself: your purchase is not on the blockchain, you do not have a bitcoin wallet, nor the keys to them.
Again, this is a noob friendly, and superior alternative to Coinbase.
Dorsey is actually helping fund/build the ecosystem, unlike Coinbase who has been the scourage of BTC since the downfall of Gox and some would argue before that, but there weren't any viable alternatives then to fill that gap, that no longer applies to our current situation.
Does that make sense?
@_date: 2019-03-20 08:44:14


That about sums it up, yes... I wanted to believe they were the better alternative after the final Goxxing, but they could never shed their Goldman Sachs stench and I realized I was rationalizing their approach to Crypto for the sake of just not wanting to be goxxed again. 
@_date: 2019-03-14 23:31:50
This doesn't seem to include Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid which is a huge part of the Welfare budget, and that too could have to be done away with, which in reality still would only place it at ~$2-2.3 trillion (with some rough back of hand calculations). 
I personally would even include the DOE in there, as it can be seen as nothing more than state sponsored child/teencare for a large percentage of the people who attended, and who would likely be better off dropping out at an early age after learning basics like arthritic, reading and writing and finding a trade or craft they could apply themselves to rather than waste their time and resourced in those makeshift prisons.
One could probably bring it up even higher if you removed Govt worker retirement, civil and military, but that would be a hard sale as its essentially political suicide, but that could bring it well over that I think. I hope Yang is cool with being the guy who could actually do that and all that entails as I doubt he care about a long term political career. He's an actually successful entrepreneur from what I recall from that interview on JRE. Apparently also has a background in Law, too.
This is why I detest the Nation state level approach to UBI, you have all these politicians who still manage to fund ULA's disaster (SLS) after SpaceX has been killing it with Falcon 9, and Falcon Heavy and eventually Starhopper standing right in front of there face for a a lower cost per launch. 
The State isn't interested in the best, albeit more challenging, and most cost effective solution: it is at its very core a system of legalized theft for the benefit of the few. 
@_date: 2019-03-15 07:49:43
I've come to the conclusion that Mad Money guy was an actor too ugly for Hollywood but has managed to secure cameos in several movies despite having one of the worst financial analyst streaks ever. I mean the guy is a total clown, if you're willing to take financial advise from a guy trying to tell you to buy a stock by hitting a button that makes a stupid cow sound or something, then there is little hope for you.
@_date: 2019-03-18 19:46:59
Yeah!! 
Nice work, dude!
@_date: 2019-03-30 07:21:36


Jesus... I went to go see that in the theaters when I was a kid. Did the old: buy PG ticket and sneak into the Matrix trick with some friends at the mall. Has it been 20 years?
Cool animated show, typical trope writing but still entertaining in it's own way. Vitalik's character was spot on, do we get to see him leaving Unsystem and then trying to launch ETH's nebulous Global Computer vision sometime in this series?
Who ever did the voice acting for Dorian took a page out of the Beat Takeshi's acting in his Yakuza roles, haha!
@_date: 2019-03-04 03:06:42
Their motives are varied, but as we saw with JPM coin, their aim is to discredit BTC while trying to push their own agenda with the 'BTC is volatile argument.' 
I'm not convinced they aren't doing this at a profit, but I'll accept your analysis, if only for arguments sake... with that being said, I'm sure they were some of the biggest buyers of the US Marshall's sell off, as they've likely been buying since at least the 2013 price rise, and this was about the time of the bank to crypto brain drain, so this can still be done at a net profit if you've been in this long term. 
I agree that this price drop is a net positive thing, I just wish I had more fiat to convert, I bought all the way from 5k to 3k. 
@_date: 2019-03-30 08:34:37
Good, GBP is perhaps the worst example of a fiat currency, perhaps more so than the USD: How the city of London alone has kept that thing afloat for so long through sheer manipulation of the forex market/stock market is fucking criminal.
The UK economy is so overvalued, and its currency valuation doesn't reflect its actual output or significance in the Global Economy. I estimated during the 2014 floods, when I lived there, that if it had to solely fend for itself it wouldn't be able to support its population for more than 10 months. 
Sucks for the British people, who have to pay for the crimes of their monarchs/politicians by decree; but the EU has to be dissolved, which is why despite all the turmoil I'm pro-brexit. They should also let Scotland leave.  
@_date: 2019-03-21 10:32:25
I could fill pages of text on this subject and talk for hours (as I have with people who have met me in person) on it as it as been the focal point of why I got into Bitcon in the first place... its taken me on a really long journey (going to be nearly 8 years in August) and its a highly complicated system that warrants a lot of consideration depending on who and where you're operating from: I did this on 2 Western continents and about 12 countries.
Suffice it to say, is that unless you're in a dire situation like Ukraine, Venzuela etc... fiat (cash) just works better in every conceivable way for the end user and the merchant, when you add credit cards into the mix is when you start to see the stark realities and negative consequences (fees, delays, chargeback etc...). 
But even then, most people are set in there ways and don't have the time or resources to dedicate to learning how to operate yet another complicated variable to get paid. Also, bitcoiners aren't concerned with buying veg on a regular basis with their funds. There are exceptions, of course, but on a whole most merchants can't sacrifice the time or resources--especially if they are also the gardener/farmer--to even consider it if it only brings in a few extra bucks to the weekly revenue.  I've seen it from all sides of the supply chain and I can appreciate this perspective for what it is and have come to accept it.
However, Bitcoin with a easy to operate UI/UX LN channel can in turn help with those shortfalls, but if you're talking about just on-chain use for your 26 dollars worth of weekly veg at the farmers market or grocery store, its simply overkill and not really useful in a society with a semi-functional economy.
This is why we should be doing everything we can to get kroger to accept, its hard to think of a better pilot test for LN than them and its amazing when one considers what this could do for overall tech adoption for such goods/services as they own tons of chains throughout the US.
@_date: 2019-03-30 20:38:46


Yeah, but I'd say it's really just a big battery with wheels operated with a Smartphone UI. Its so rad, and if they end up doing something with AR/VR like Nissan is with its i2v technology it could be a real game changer:
Everything is starting to resemble PsychoPass too much for my tastes already. 
@_date: 2019-03-20 20:10:56
That's just it, read up on CA's water right laws, and then see the damage done already, you'll see you cannot have it functioning at all, and the stakes are too high to be playing with that issue as the CO river will no longer be a source of water for the SoCal or the Central Valley in the near future. 
What really should have happened is rather than waste money on a train from LA to SF that went no where, it should have been spent to create infrastructure to refill the depleted and emptied aquifers throughout CA during these 2 past rainy seasons. I mean when you see this a an initiative to stave off drought you know its bad: 
@_date: 2019-03-21 19:34:03
OK, lets see what inroads you make in that Industry as a whole and let us know how that works.
@_date: 2019-03-16 19:21:11
That was fun, it drew me into it with an almost early Tarentino-esque flow. It was really well shot, too. 
By the end I somehow felt like I had my emotions played with like with like with an episode of Black Mirror. That's rare.
Sucks about SXSW, but from the coverage I saw of this year's event, its no where near as good as it was these last 2 years. So, maybe it was for the best?
With that being said, I've been playing with this Black Mirror inspired pilot/script for several years now. I just add pages to the script when I get the urge to write--I was going to last night, in fact, but decided to focus on a cyberpunk/Tech Noir thing I play around with instead when [I saw this post](
Any chance you want to take a peek and tell me what you think? The plot is pretty much already defined, but the dialogues are being fleshed out as I go. 
@_date: 2019-03-19 21:42:01


It should, though we didn't use electrum; that's what my startup offered to clients who wanted to operate at Farmer's markets or in BnM without knowing how the tech worked at all with no real downside to the device being lost or damaged. If you got the BTC-fiat side solved you're already 60% of the way done in my view.


You're preaching to the choir, dude; except for me it was elderly (50+) hemp farmers and merchants. :) That's why I think Mycelium is so good, its so simple to use.


Sure, but I'm with Dorsey in thinking it should be a BTC thing only especially now with LN being a core part of the  CASH app; the problem with this is mainly regulatory compliance and tax accounting minutia, things I'm not willing to care about at this point and would rather Square take on and then bring my experience and skill set to them in order to roll this out for either businesses and restaurants or small business owners. Its one of the reasons why I created my startup in the first place.
@_date: 2019-03-21 09:31:47
And this is exactly why Cash/Square should take all of Coinbases marketshare once an for all and render them obsolete, this shouldn't even be a question anymore when people say 'why should I bother migrating,' its very clear now. 
I honestly don't see the parallels between his work in BTC and that of Twitter, which is (mostly?) governed by a series of board members and execs, lawyers etc... From what I recall in his interview on JRE it was him and an Engineer that just hacked away when they first launched that pilot to test to accept payment in BTC and convert it to fiat. 
Also, I think its very clear that social media by its very nature is toxic and has perverted the way people communicate, it amplifies and embeslishes the most negative parts of the Human condition and normalizes them by sheer numbers. SJWs brigading are only one component, albeit cancerous, of that equation; what is really at the crux of this is this disgusting tribalism and antagonism for its own sake in hopes of filling the void of their otherwise pathetic and vapid existence. This is far more pervasive than we care to think about Humanity in its current stage, and its not dependent on Myspace/Twitter/Facebook/WeChat etc... 
Blaming Dorsey for all of the ills that take place at Twitter is shortsighted, as he was clearly unaware of half the stuff that was done on Twitters behalf as you could tell in the first interview; in many ways I personally think his efforts with Square and Cash are re-kindling why he cared about the Internet at all: just like him I discovered the trove of Crypto-anarchy and Cypherpunk on newsgroups, which opened my eyes to what the World could be like... and from personal experience I can tell you that takes a certain type of person to do that and it sure as hell isn't a censorship tyrant type. 
@_date: 2019-11-26 20:39:58


Not entirely correct, because we don't know that for sure as we cannot see the rest of the script, and in case you haven't seen the wallet shown it actually forwards to a multi-sig tumbler address; check out my post History for the follow up.
Esmail and his Team are creative geniuses,the cinematography this season has been the best in the series and the Bitcoin v E-Coin plot they introduced has gotten pretty juicy, its about time we saw more of it.
@_date: 2019-03-27 13:40:59


I feel like I'm getting trolled, but: You do realize that this cheap hydroelectric boost is due to the rainy season in that part of China, right?  
That means that they're harnessing the energy already afforded to us by Nature, demand of said energy could be zero, but it still exists and luckily there is infrastructure in place to harness these resources. 
These 'no-coiners' you speak have no logical basis to their argument, because in this case: supply (electricity generated due to seasonal rain  increase) created demand, rather than demand (mining) creating supply. 


@_date: 2019-03-30 20:35:23


From ages 16-23, my track car was my daily driver.
I'd say that's super dangerous to go that long, but that's just me and my aggressive driving style talking... 60k miles is a lot of time, and the rubber could be so old I'd be scared to put it on the road. 
I agree with driving styles differing but, man... 60k on the same rotors without even a resurfacing or pad change seems so scary to me, and I'm from CA where we have the mildest weather, i can't even imagine in the E. Coast where everything rots and rusts so quickly. 
@_date: 2019-03-20 20:24:17
Totally deserved, dude. Keep up the good work. 
If I may ask, what is the reception to your work and crypto in general with the Yellow Vest movement? I know its  hard to point to anyone aspect and say that's what it is given its decentralized nature, but I'd like to hear your thoughts given the current climate in France. 
@_date: 2019-03-12 01:25:25
I still cannot say I know who this guy is... but I was hoping things with Kroger went well, has he updated the status on that deal? I really wish Dorsey and Stark would just show up and take over that deal and onboard them so we can see the network get tested at scale and see what needs improvement.
@_date: 2019-03-27 09:36:07
Ahh, yeah!!!










Ahh, No!!! :/
@_date: 2019-03-15 19:04:57
That vid is from 2015, so less than 3 years ago. I'm not sure what defines a 'few' but that was the case back then, and they qouted that less than 5% of the island has connection to the interenet and as I said they had a Cyber Militia trying to antagonize bloggers speaking out on the regime there. 
@_date: 2019-03-20 21:49:42
Pretty much, just look at SV's issues with housing; they won't bother to alleviate that despite the immense traffic congestion, and subsequent air quality issues, homelessness, poverty etc... even as it would make the area more prosperous as it would allow more high net-worth residents to the area. Do you think any of NorCal would care about SoCal's drought issues, or the Central valley's concerns with water depletion, that essentially feeds the rest of the US and a lot of the rest of World?
The way the State was created was from a land prospectors POV, and gold mining tycoons only solidified it; so it should be no surprise that we became inter-dependent on each other's resources and require it to remain.
Also, I don't how long you've lived here, but California secession from the US should be a thing, and it wont happen if its as fragmented as you suggest. The political divide has and will always exist, but California is unique in that we some how make it work, its far from perfect but I've lived all over the World and no place feels like home in that respect. Switzerland came close, but tyranny from the many (cantons) is just as bad as tyranny from the few (heads of State).
Personally, I think voting rights on the State should be limited to Natural Born citizens only; this perspective of 'fuck you, I got mine' is one that is seen in Korea; where only the elderly are the ones that grew up with a unified Korea and still have family in the North and want to make accommodations to reunite. Whereas the young in the South don't care about the immense suffering taking place for their very own People. Its sad, but its a part of the current Human condition to render 'others' from 'us.'
I have/had family in NorCal, and SoCal for generations so its all the same place to  me.
Sidenote: NorCal hella sucks. ;)
@_date: 2019-11-13 04:09:50
Will do. 
I'm currently focused 100% on SpaceX right now, I just got back from the Mars Desert Research Station last month, but as we get closer to 2020 I like having other options available especially if its with awesome young and ambitious talent in this space; after having worked for myself for 4.5 years going back to working for someone else has so many drawbacks that it has me looking around for more flexibility.
@_date: 2019-11-13 10:44:15
Very informative response, and I'd like to research this further at a later time; can you provide sources and links to what you're describing? Personally speaking, the panama papers, while notable when it came out, has unfortunately hardly put a dent on the those who's name appeared. 
Hell, even Vorhees name appeared on that thing and nothing ca,e about it, not to mention.
I'd like to see the reports on how much of foreign capital is handled via HK, and any pertinent studies to support your financial based theories. 
As for my concerns with PLA/paramilitary in HK, I've spoken to activists/protestors on the ground in HK on reddit who have heard them speaking in military terms in Mandarin, suggesting they are military or paramilitary personnel. Given the atrocious acts, raping of women, shooting and beating civilians and referring to them as cockroaches it seems consistent with the indoctrination most Military have towards their 'enemies' and the behaviour we see during warfare/occupation.
@_date: 2019-11-13 04:21:00
Rad! will watch tonight.
@_date: 2019-11-04 20:06:49


Are you serious? I knew Reddit was a fucking clusterfuck in regards to privacy/security, but you have people buying it an then altering the posts to make it seem that way? Wow... I really wish we never moved away from newsgroups some times, but even that has its flaws, because of stuff like this.
I never put much stock into having immutable/timestamped messages on the blockchain as some suggested with social alternatives, but I can see why they thought it might be a good idea if stuff like that happens.
I wonder what Aaron **Schwartz** would have thought of this thing he helped built, the founders ceo etc... are all corrupt as hell. That is some 1984 shit.
Any chance of you taking on something like that in the future? We need to move away from this platform, and BTF is a den of thieves with ICO pitches and ads everywhere. IRC is cool, but it can't penetrate like stuff like this platform does to the wider general audience.
@_date: 2019-03-14 17:14:12
I'm actually a big proponent of UBI, though I have significant reservations of it being based on the Nation-state level. 
However, we did not gather enough data from the Aurora coin situation to make any step forward with trying to implement it on the community level with a token based system like Bitcoin or something redeemable to it. 
I mean I would much prefer UBI to be based on a community merit based system, that once achieved can occur like what happened to Andreas from an Anon early adopter during the ATH in 2017. That's how it should be, you work away at a project on your dime and make inroads in something you believe in, and eventually you will be recognized by those who benefited enough from your work to return the favour and thus you can now focus on the skill set you've developed during those lean years and make the most of your time/resources and eventually do the same for others. 
That's an ideal situation, one that would require almost limitless time and resources to achieve at scale; so, while I detest people becoming even more dependent on the State for a livelihood/survival, the optimist in me wants to believe that many of these funds will be pooled together to create disruptive technology and innovations that are required to overcome the seemingly impossible tasks ahead of us while removing the need for Human drudgery. And for that we need much more data on how this all would work.
I kind of hope people don't use it to buy into crypto and inflate another speculative asset bubble like they did with alt(s) and ico manias, but I cannot stop them. 
I just think we're in a good place progress/price wise and that usually only happens when the price is stable and isn't hitting new ATH. Let us roll out LN with a few major corps like Kroger and Starbucks with some bug testing, and then we can ramp this up to 10k+.
@_date: 2019-03-19 21:33:10
Still not there, as of 2:30 PST. 
@_date: 2019-03-11 00:20:40
Oddly, Zhou Tong - End of Silkroad came on when I clicked this; I'll never understand people who both wish to have high profiles in this space and try to do stuff like this. 
They already have a massive target on there back, why would you risk it if you already have a successful operation elsewhere? 
The same thing with big players in DNM who will do interviews, so confusing... 
@_date: 2019-03-30 08:23:21
Nice one.


Have you actually met any Bitcoiners? We take the Silicon Valley adage, 'move fast and break things' to the extreme; why do you think this tech evolves as fast it does? Which is why so many of them moved to our side after being mocked as a joke for so long.
# 
@_date: 2019-03-21 19:50:56
Ok, let me tell you as person completely dis-involved with this situation; I don't care about your opinion if you haven't created a startup or business model to prove your ideals, you're not making a change posting on twitter and getting into useless feuds. 
Its a self-serving 'debate' for its own sake, you're not risking anything nor are you truly contributing to anything other than the giant morass of stupidity that takes place there 99% of the time. 
Leaving is preferential to me because if you put your ideal into practice you will have actual encounters with other individuals and will have to maintain some level of civility with people not of your 'tribe' if you want to be successful. Thus making you realize just how stupid it is to engage in these pursuits. 
I've had to live had work with marxist/socialist to accomplish my goals in the past, we had a lot of conflicting views but shook hands when the project was over and I never saw these people again in my Life. And that was ok, they're Humans with contrasting views and ideals than my own, so I had to find a way to maintain a mutually beneficial working relationship with them as it was in my interest to do so. 
You hiding behind a keyboard engaging in inflammatory discourse accomplishes nothing, and stunts you as a Human. Despite the hordes who flock to social media, and some spillover like in universities with their non-sense, things that seem important on in social media don't really exist in real life.  
Personally speaking as an anrcho-capitalist I think Libertarians are lazy thinkers at best, and localized tyrants at worst who seek to use the violence of the State to their benefit when it suits them. The have tired arguments of limited government, but that has never existed and the banality and wishful thinking to the contrary of it all bores me to tears. 
So, no you're POV or opinions don't matter to me, and 'we' are unfortunately aggregated together because of Bitcoin, I can't imagine those leftists could care any more than that, either. 
The World is full of 'sad things' try to improve those rather than focus your attention on your perceived notions of free speech on twitter, and their 'horrid' ToS there are more important things to solve in the World, I can assure you.  
@_date: 2019-03-15 00:18:55


Everyone knew the narcos bought of politicians, so on one was really that surprised when one of the Presidents was being implicated in corruption the el chapo case, but imagine having the ability to trace all of that as its recorded on the blockchain. Its better for them just accept traditional payment: USD. 
That's why they're doing this, accountability is not something they want to implement when so much of the largess the Narcos provide to the politicians is revealed.  
That's really a shame about MX, for a period it looked like a viable option for Mexico to have BTC as a remittance system as so much money flows from families from the US to MX. 
Well, they force it go underground and will find out they really cannot stop it; at least if the State was receptive they could have encouraged a lot of disgruntled techies and crypto nerds in the US with beautiful Pacific coast weather and beaches with low cost of living to create a nice hub... instead they played their hands and its just another place where this tech will render these people obsolete faster.
What about Bitmex and all those other exchanges, are they pulling a China 'ban' too? Couldn't you buy bitcoin at a 7-11 over there too at one point?
@_date: 2019-03-21 09:57:04


Pfft I wish it was that much... I *might* have stayed at IBM if that were the case, if only to just end up learning how to day-trade BTC  on their dime during working hours.
Honestly, I think it will be Cash devs who were already working with BTC related stuff or new hires. 
@_date: 2019-03-04 19:37:39
On a custodial level, yes... they may not be operating on full reserves this way, its all off-chain, and delays and outages are a typical thing with them; the possibility of them not being able to pay all customers as they NEVER provided proof of reserves despite being requested for this time and again since GOX went down. Never mind the BS they had with rejecting or canceling orders if they felt it was not in their interest to do so early on. 3 of my deals got canceled despite having the highest tiered account at the time. 
I'm not interested in convincing you, my aim is to get new comers to not succumb to the willful ignorance of your cohort, which has been become commonplace. Their are better options now, Coinbase is literately obsolete for anyone willing to take 5-10 mins of their time to look into better ways to buy-hold and interact with this community. 
@_date: 2019-11-06 07:27:50


Honestly, who takes this clown seriously anymore?
He was always a shady guy to me, his relationship to Shrem and Ver always put me off; but it was his poor 'Libertarian logic' that always made me think he was not to be trusted.
Shapeshift is soon to be rendered obsolete with things like LN, atomicswaps and RSK, so he's trying his best to keep the zombie afloat instead of just pivoting with whatever capital he has left and start something else.
Shapeshift had its time, he should be glad it lasted this long, and just walk away. I've used it exactly once, and that was to sell my BCash, and after the absurd things we had to do to sell it (it was full of bugs) I never touched his app again.
Shapeshift app was utter garbage that reminded me of what we had to put up with in 2011 to get QT running, and this was in what... mid to late 2017? Pathetic.
@_date: 2019-03-25 08:06:43






So was their IPO, but idiots still lined up to buy that thing and got burned right off the bat.
@_date: 2019-03-16 00:00:49
Its a lost cause: been there, done that. They don't care about the tech, they care about upselling clients into using their 'private blockchains' on their Could system (IBM Z). Everything else is just noise.
Check this out,[IBM had first mover advantage and all the contracts with 10 Large multi-national food corps (Walmart, dole, etc...),]( and it was Kimble Musk's startup that ended up creating an elegant and simple to use food tracing/safety system:
Believe me when I say I'm disheartened that this is what is happening at IBM, but I'm super excited for the Team at Square roots proving others wrong (myself included) in thinking something as significant as this requires the resources and Human capital of a Mega-corp to solve.
Everything else they offer is... the same old permissioned systems, which may *some* have utility, but they're simply aren't even remotely useful for its intended and primary use case: Security.
I'm pretty sure this sums up our collective views on the matter:






@_date: 2019-03-14 17:52:25


Or just lay about... I've met and had to live with people like this throughout my entire Life and its a harsh reality to accept that this the net sum of their potential. 
A part of me harks back to the 'useless eater' analogy in frustration, but I was glad I was able to confront this aspect and come away with some insight: any system will be abused by Humans, that's a fact, however should that alone deter us from refining the process in order to give us a better World? Progress would never be made if that were the case with any technology or tool.
I don't know about you but, I started my first business in middle school, and a second by High School and into university, in fact it was able to pay for my first year of University as I didn;t qualifyfor any grants or scholarships (even though my freshman GPA was 3.6) ; all of this came at a huge cost, I had to put my social life on hold and I couldn't do much in terms of extra circular stuff and made me remain focused on a single Industry. I had lean years and had to shut it down as I could no longer cope with the time-resource loss, so I had to get a manual labor job as the economic crisis was getting worse into late 2007 to help pay only a part of my cost of living, while still incurring ten's of thousands of dollars in debt. Only to come out of University with the worst job market since the fucking Great Depression. 
I then became a founder of a startup much later in Life, due to the economic complications the aforementioned imposed upon me, and did the same but under even more leaner conditions because I felt I still had something left to give with my skill-set and knowledge I had acquired in Crypto and in Ag. I wasn't out for legacy, as many accused me of, I just wanted to make a difference where no one dared or cared to focus on.
I'd prefer for no one to ever have to go through that sameexact thing, otherwise I don't think anyone would do it as it was mentally and physically brutal. Though I do believe some challenge that exposes you to Human suffering is necessary for a well adjusted compassionate Human with a sane psyche. 
If UBI can help fund a new wave of idealistic, driven young people to get motivated about solving some of the World's biggest environmental and ecological disasters we're going to have to solve in our Lifetimes then I'm all for it. And help with addressing many of the complications with Mars colonization, asteroid mining, etc... which could one day lead to a post-scarcity World then its worth the cost in my view.   
A part of me wants to see what those SJW types would do with actual resources in their hands for their supposed causes, I highly doubt anything good would come from it after seeing the Occupy movement (who I think most are just a more lazy iteration of OWS) uselessly squander millions on self-serving BS instead of buying homes and arable farm land in Detriot--as it would be the testing ground and leader in urban farm land in the US and a hub for techies and artists alike) and testing out their version of a more 'equitable' society. 
But I'd like to be proven wrong and they do something positive with it. 
@_date: 2019-03-27 04:05:05
Several, what do you sell is my first question.
Bitcoin isn't on the 'forex' which stands for foriegn exchange market, though it is listed on [XE.com]( instead its freely traded on a number of cryptocurrency exchanges. The difference between BTC and Bcash is overwhelming which would require you do a lot of reading on your own; but the TLDR is, if you want it be paid for something of actual value for your work: stick to BTC.
@_date: 2019-11-13 03:44:34
Awesome vid, looks you have a promising skills set, and I really like the approach, but I'd recommend also getting into other programing languages like Python and GO. They helped me get into IBM's blockchain program.
I've been debating rebooting my startup with someone who would be willing to do the CTO and tech support part this time while I focused on Acct Exec/sales/conference stuff this time, instead of doing both myself like last time.
I'll keep any eye out on your series, and reach out on what I decide to do for 2020 and we can brainstorm if we decide to move forward--I'm currently focused on going to the Cape and working at SpaceX right now via a Life passion of mine.
Any chance you can show the demo bookstore up and running with LN payments enabled for use to see/use/review? I really want to sink my teeth into it from an inexperienced UX perspective.
@_date: 2019-03-18 20:34:00
Ok, I have been pretty vocal about this (as its something that really matters to me and have some past experience with) and have said I don't know who Pompliano was, but if he really did land this: CONGRATULATIONS, DUDE!
If you're reading this: I'll buy a drink and shake your hand whenever you're in CO. 
Drop me a line, there so much to talk about; I was on IBM's blockchain Dev and Consultant roster for a while before I got fed up with their BS.
@_date: 2019-03-11 00:30:15
Obligatory: SN checks out. 
Work can suck, sure; but if all you do in this space is trade, you're not really helping anyone but yourself and are perhaps the person this meme speaks to. 
You're not a market maker, you're not 'providing the Market with liquidity' you're as close to as a benign parasite as there is in this ecosystem. So whatever 'taste' you're talking about is near suicidal, if only by your own statement.
If so, get a better grasp on reality, you're also the reason why people post(ed) suicide hotlines here during crashes. This system rewards long term holders.
By the way, I'm pretty sure its all but proven that simply buying and holding in a dollar-cost-average strategy out performs every single trader's performance. 
All of which requires you have some income to rely on and capitalize on when the market dips.
@_date: 2019-11-06 21:53:39
Funny, given even my 3sat/byte tx went through to a Legacy-to-Segwit wallet and confirmed 10 times in an hour, I'd say Segwit was a total success.
@_date: 2019-11-13 04:50:08
I used this back in 2014 when talking to some higher ups at Novartis on a train in Zurich. I made it clear to them we were not after their money, but wanted an entire paradigm shift. Its been 10 years since Bitcoin was released, and I think we did that in fucking spades.
I try to stray away from the Boomer v Millennial frame of mind as its useless, and I've got to work with some awesome Humans who happen to have been born in that Boomer time frame.
But with that said, its shit like this that gets me most but I think that its an attitude seen amongst all ages/sex/race that I detest the most:
Their money is fiat based debt, and used to finance the worst atrocities on this planet, so their rebuttals about having money to finance their fantasy of retiring at 60 while living in a McManasion and being a parasite sucking off productive Humans in Society until their death is a fucking repulsive notion to me.
I hope they keep all their worthless debt (money) in the next recession/hyperinflation and they're wiped out from our entire genepool once and for all.
@_date: 2019-03-26 02:20:28
You guys are absurd, I'm all for hyperbitcoinization as an end, but the means is far more critical to get right: fiat doesn't need BTC to kill it, its doing that all by itself and globally.
There are far too many critical projects that rely on fiat for me to want to see it go away that fast, also Bitcoin is still far too esoteric for the mass end-user, even though we personally may think is easier than ever, its still not where it needs to be for most to even consider it an option--I'm of the view it will only work if/when most don't even know they are using it.
Relying on Visa/MC is not an option any more, and we need to do a better job of getting merchants setup with that before anything like hyperbitcoinization is actually a remote possibility.
@_date: 2019-03-14 18:00:50


But is a given in the economic.political system we're forced to currently operate in, my question to you is: would you rather have no say in funding the most expensive education system (US) and creating a mediocre labor force for jobs that don't exist now let alone in several years, or helping fund the moonshot in what could potentially get the ball rolling for that post-scarcity World you've described?
It's a long shot, for sure, with less than ideal odds of it paying off.
Look at my posts I have made on this thread, I detest that UBI will have to be (initially) a nation-state based system; but we didn't do enough in the Crytpo community to do anything about it as we lost sight of this after aurora coin failed to iterate upon it as we were too focused on hardforks, politics, useless drama, alts, ICO mania etc... 
We are partly to blame for this, so if nothing else we should gather the data necessary to refine this and deploy it via an opt-in system like we have with Crypto. but that will never happen without it being tested out at scale. 
@_date: 2019-03-27 03:34:00


I was going to say how odd that number looked, there are probably more ATMs than that in a single county in a well populated state in the US, let alone the whole country. 
But if its Bitcoin ATMs, that makes sense; those horrid things are scattered every where in the US and with KYC/AML plus the fees I can't see why any other country could want those things as a viable option to buy BTC. 
I mean I like the fact that Switzerland and France essentially rolled out their models with pre-existing infrastructure, underscoring how Bitcoin is actually tech with  programmable money layer, but that's not enough for most to care: so why would a high fee, super intrusive machine fare any better? 


Why would you want to go into a situation where BTC is your only option to pay for something at 3am? This is why cash will always have a use-case, for the time being anyway. If I know I need crypto I bring a hot wallet in tow before I leave the house, problem solved. Or I call up and annoy one of my crypto nerd friends if its really desperate, And before you ask: I had a stranger on a telegram chat send me some btc ($5?) on my co-founders phone for a demo tx when the battery on my hot wallet phone died at a conference. 
I tried to send it back to him (with interest) after the presentation, and the guy refused, haha! Those were the days. 
@_date: 2019-11-04 08:44:34
While I agree with the sentiment of your statement, as people focus far too much on the price without contributing to the advancement of this tech and simply chart-stare instead: the fact is we have no idea where the price will go.
I'm lucky enough to say I saw it do some amazing things, you talk about 100x, but when some of use started it didn't even have a monetary value associated to it where you could say that statement is accurate... but, if we are indeed building the Internet's native currency, as Big Tech proponents like Jack Dorsey (creator of Twitter and Square) claim it to be, and are going in deep on that bet, then its stupid to assume it can't or won't happen. 
It's simply not possible to ascertain a fiat price accurately in this space, where we go from this is anyone's guess. Up until a few days ago some of you were salivating at the idea of some 4chan anon moving the price on nothing more than a fucking meme post. You guys, espeically you new ones, are really ridiculous; but that post reminded me of the old days as oldfags of /b/ we did a lot of non-sense back then and that was pretty good lulz. actually. Especially when Snowden got involved. 
With that said, Layer 2 is fleshing out nicely, and soon enough we will have a mature network with which to reliably be able to do large scale txs that rival the Visa and MC networks put together instantly and at little to no costs. That alone has the potential to place it into places we could never imagine, the 20k ATH was absurd, the tech was no where near what it is now, Segwit alone was being held back for those reasons. 
China recently saying they are open to 'blockchain' tech and creating their own crypto can also spur on an arm's race between nations states, too... again its hard to do anything but postulate on what-ifs, but the future for this Network/tech is bright.
@_date: 2019-03-18 19:46:25
Nice, that was unexpected; so how many major corps from Japan does that make it now? GMO was supposed to be in this as well, right? 
@_date: 2019-03-21 09:39:41
Honest question, because I don't care about social media at all: why don't you just leave?
There are plenty of competitors: decentralized social media was the panacea for many in the early days and things have emerged to fill that. Steem, Zeronet etc... Also, Reddit is highly censored, yet you're still here.
Its not like you pay for this service, why should they care about your specific concerns, assuming it was not arbitrary, about preferential treatment of said 'leftist?' Its a free service and you're not obligated to participate if you don't think it aligns with your personal views, and in true Crypto-anarchist idealogy, why don't you just fork it and create your own alternative where this doesn't apply?
To me this seems like the typical mindless and aimless SJW outrage culture spillover that has been so pervasive from that BS technology (social media), even amongst those who contend to be anti-sjw.
@_date: 2019-03-30 07:26:30






With AML/KYC constraints, meaning you must have a registered sim card to purchase from a SBB Kiosk. Its not unlike the Coin machine thing in the US, if you think about it...
Honestly, LN deployment for this train thing would be fucking rad; I don't want to see bloat on the network because of this experiment, have you guys seen those pics of people getting squeezed into Tokyo trains? That's a pretty good metaphor for what could happen once it gets momentum.
Its best this be an off-chain LN application if it goes forward and refines that tech in a more favorable environment/layer.
@_date: 2019-03-25 07:49:11


What's 'free market' about having to be forced to give your tech to the State in order to operate a business, and if you eventually do become big have to be nationalized, and as is the case with Ma and Alibaba, you're forced to have to step down and hand the company to a CEO vetted by the PRC. 
This is still communist at its core, by selecting who can enter and succeed in their economy; the only discernible difference is rather than oppressing their citizens for consumption, as was the case for most of these regimes, they seem to be pushing for it hard (replacing all other forms of ideology from what I can tell) and they come to represent the biggest market share for a lot of things as of late: it really has taken the worst of both systems and created a hybrid of absurd proportions, most people just focus on the air quality as the extent of teir enviormental damage, but China has destroyed 1/3 of its arable farm land due to the pollution. They've had to pour in 100s of billions into restoring that land and will take decades to do so.
Which is why they've been buying big farms in Australia for a while and their soft-colonialism in Africa. What's at odds with reality is how fast they gave the illusion of 'modernization' and 'social mobility' while still having some of the worst Human Right's atrocities in the World which allows for the citizens to passively allow for the creation of a panopticon all around them. 
Its frightening how quick the Human mind is to rationalization, and this is seems like the Soviet Union all over again. 
@_date: 2019-03-26 02:35:47
Hmm... no link, just an image?
Has Bitcoin's image changed since Brock and his ilk have made all that noise about being the 'heroes' that PR needed and wanting to create a utopia?
I ask because just as we saw with Venezuela, BTC is an anti-fragile system and proved it could operate even in the face of a electrical and internet blackout, but that assumes their are contingencies in place before hand, not least of which requires a large part of Human effort to have infrastructure to overcome these shortfalls. 
@_date: 2019-03-30 07:38:43
What happened to that escorting firm that took BTC directly? This one: 
Sex work, like most blackmarket/underground economy work, has always been exploited by Law enforcement. Not only does it attract the underclasses, but also those least likely to seek or be able to afford legal representation/counsel. So they're an easy target for the LEO's larceny, which in the US, has been a mainstay of the so called 'Justice' system. 
Resisting civil forfeiture with cryptology is one of the main pillars upon which cypherpunk tech like Crypto stand upon, and why it was created in the first place. 
@_date: 2019-03-05 08:45:15
Who is this guy? Can someone do a eli5 on this guy, all I'm finding is a fund manager with a few youtube vids. Has he built anything to be able to to talk with anyone on actual fintech/payment processing solutions?
@_date: 2019-03-20 20:15:32
Ya, pero digo lo del 'face-scanner' eso solo en Catalunya. Pues eso, ahora que pasa con el dinero, te van a pagar en BTC?
@_date: 2019-11-13 09:34:57
That's the State every where you go, and its insufferable. But I won't do my anarchist tirade right now...
An Exit scam? I thought for sure it was more to see how many people would start using it to send money offshore and be able to survail it via Alibaba/Alipay and crack down on them in order to take their assets/funds. 
You forget the seaseme credit thing is closely knit to thier social order, why compromise it with having something as disruptive as Bitcoin? They already have a massive issue with people fleeing China when they get rich (often of political class) and the subsequent capital controls. 
As for being free, I think you mean that most non-Uyghur Chinese can participate in Society that way.  You should check out a documentary: 
@_date: 2019-03-20 06:32:07
I got HBO at my house but I'm never home these days... any torrent hash?
Edit: f6a9fea86dec458a6d2cbe49d58b70654f6c5065
@_date: 2019-03-21 19:34:48
Go on, tell me,
@_date: 2019-11-19 10:52:04
Hey look a CCP troll, is this a bot or a real Human?
@_date: 2019-03-22 07:04:52
Check your PMs. 
@_date: 2019-03-24 10:10:17


[Study the 3 laws of Thermodynamics; and then focus on the 2nd and how it relates to Entropy]( and its increase: it can only increase.
With that said, yes, the opponent from IBM used it as a dismissal when trying to convey his (poorly formulated) arguments and trying to instill a sense of chaos to be the only alternative, neglecting the fact the the very Internet and WWW was in fact built to be decentralized, and permissionless, thus anarchic. Which was at its core, was its greatest strength and managed to create its own order, albeit spontaneously so rather dictated to; it has, however, been pushed into this Orwellian panopticon since the end of the 90s.
I think the value of permissioned blockchains its overstated and really only has limited applications, but they do exist... however, they really don't  possess much of an advantage as Song has lined out. However, IBM is too heavily invested into this to just abandon it now; what I envisioned could be a boon for the turn around and modernization of IBM turned out to be just another business as usual disappointment.
@_date: 2019-03-04 03:15:33


Coinbase was training wheels, sure; but their practices are an affront to what BTC is/was to enable; the question, and outrage, is one not of UX, but one of a realization that it comes at too high a cost. I was an early adopter of Coinbase, and I even wanted to work there at one point, serious, check my post histry back in 2013...
But after 2015, with the myriad of options to buy, they were already irrelevant; now they are just cancer to the ecosystem.
In short, if you really want to buy this way, check out Cash App, Jack is a big BTC proponent with the right mindset. He's become a sterling member of the the community and deserves to have his Cash App be the default payment gateway in 2019 and onward.


Why do I feel that is being said sarcastically, if not disapprovingly so, which again is missing the point of what BTC is: Gox coins were not BTC, nor are coins held by Coinbase, they're all off chain. So, even if you're asking this without the snark, you're missing why Gox set us back so much, and Coinbase is just as bad in this regard.
@_date: 2019-11-04 20:17:07


The same applies to the 4chan gag, I think you should realize Humans are dumb in general regardless of what position you take on posterity, especially in places like this... And, yes, time traveler it was more of a lulz thing that some took far too serious; this is why I kind of agree when some say we as Bitcoiners function like a cult, most seek figureheads to dictate to them the edicts by which we should all conduct ourselves by, going so far as to say we're going to be in some Utopic citadel. This is the rapture 3.0 or something.... The reality is if you've been to any meetup in the last 5 years you probably wouldn't want to spend more than an hour or 2 with those people for the rest of your Life, let alone live out the apocalypse with any of them.
2013 was our Eternal September in that regard.
Sidenote: That Time traveler always sounded like a John Titor/Steins;Gate meets Bitcoin screenplay to me, like someone had to see how absurd it would sound before they pitched it. And as an amateur writer, it did make me want to play with it as fan-art in a Black Mirror-esque way.
@_date: 2019-11-13 04:41:49


Its an enterprise thing she probably poorly understands, but knows it will be worth her time to promote as it keeps this fucking farce going. Its a Bankster's bandaid to cover the cannonball sized wound in the patient known as the World Economy.
@_date: 2019-03-19 21:12:53
So, I've been giving this some thought as to how to accelerate the adoption of LN to commercial/retail customers; I was hoping, like you, that Dorsey would have something out by now. But, its still early days, and they have an entire legal framework to work with so I can understand an appreciate that.
As intermediary solution I think  you can do all of that rather easily, but requires you migrate away from iOS. I just have to have and think about a more nuanced approach for BTC-Fiat that I used in the past to test out before I deploy, if you're in the US. Everywhere else is way easier--but reach out if you want to talk about that as well.
Now, in regards to just an outright watch only wallet, that's simple: first move away from Apple products is my PERSONAL advice, and then just import a wallet address from a different device that you personally hold using Mycelium. Its that simple, you can rest assure that if they steal the device nothing is held on there. They can bring up the wallet's QR code and any incoming tx should be displayed in real-time. (I can't recall when Mycelium for iOS was last updated, but it could technically be done on there, too as it was a basic feature from the early days.)
Personally, I've been keeping an eye on the google play store to check out the new Blockstream wallet today to see if it does everything I need it to do to make a recommendation on it, but its not on there yet. But I like the features that it is advertising.
@_date: 2019-03-21 20:00:47


I can respect that, but that doesn't solve much other than how you get your own groceries, and this about changing an entire Industry's payment options. 
We're getting there, as there are a lot of work arounds, but if the Kroger deal lands then we'll start seeing an immense influx of others to look into it as Visa is really an egregious bastard when it comes to payment processing and should be disrupted.  
@_date: 2019-11-06 06:24:54


Damn Reddit, it timed out and deleted my response and I don't have time to re-write it.
Anyhow, that was insightful, I didn't know of his background in aerospace and his time at JPL; if he ever decides to come back for round 2 I'll give you a primer on why Mars is going to happen. I just got back from the Mars Desert Research Station, its not a matter of if anymore, its when. And SpaceX's 'tail first' Starship should have given him pause to reconsider what and what isn't possible in that space. He sounds like all the old fossils at NASA in that regard, who sat around wasting time/resources and negating the fact that SpaceX's technological advances, that were thought to be impossible, happened in very clear and observable timelines (Stage 1 Recovery being the most glaring of all).
Also, his views on Hong Kong are woefully academic, though... that much is clear. Interesting in a way, but with little to no practical application in reality or discernible substance.
Thanks for that.
@_date: 2019-03-16 06:43:07
But seriously, this is rad, what's the word on Kroger these days? Are they making the leap or what?
@_date: 2019-11-04 19:46:15
If I'm honest, once I saw certain regions in Chile were running on 100% renewable energy I thought we'd see a boom in btc mining there. The same applied to Denmark, but it just didn't happen.
If BTC can do anything in this case, which I'm not entirely up to speed on, but it sounds like their wages are not keeping up with the rising costs of living/inflation? 
Bitcoin and Crypto-anarchy isn't just about separating money from the State; that's simply an imbecilic position only a libertarian can convince themselves of, when in fact its chief aim is to render the State itself obsolete. Money is just the foundation by which the State subjugates its populace, its effective, but its not the only thing it uses, as someone mentioned violence is its core mean to maintain itself. Money, and the lack of it, simply inhibits People from working on or embracing alternatives.
@_date: 2019-11-13 08:36:39
Interesting position and argument; I was actually talking to a friend not to well versed on the Humanitarian Crisis ongoing in Hong Kong over dinner last week and it became clearer to me as we spoke that one point I could see the CCP/PRC justifying their overt violent barbarism is taking over Hong Kong's financial position in the World as their economic growth is shrinking and outright contracting. 
I told him this is why I fear it could kick-off WWIII, as most Western Multinational corps and Banks have some relationship with Hong Kong, his response was 'you don't mess with a Rich man's money.' That's when a sudden panic washed over me and I thought what the implications beyond what we've seen were. 
The 'One China' policy and the subsequent posturing they resorted to in SE Asia for territory and resources is one thing, but actively occupying a nation with PLA/paramilitary that are already under your thumb (all elected officials are appointed/approved by CCP, see: Lam) to mark your presence makes no sense. Especially when a larger wealth gap between the mainland and HK was evident since 2014, from an Imperial view, its best to keep them as content/placid as possible unless you want to foment revolution in Tibet, Macau and Taiwan as well. I think they're desperate, and as you said propping up all those Industries has taken its toll. 
But, China and Russia have already done trade for oil in Yuan-Rubles: 
@_date: 2019-03-27 22:49:22
I'm an early adopter of Airbnb, used it back in 2012 and it was a good service back then, but after my last experience with them I see why its just better to stay in Hotels and why they'll never really go away. 
Cost being the same I'd never use Airbnb, the support Team at Airbnb is horrible and can easily ruin a trip and take forever to get back to you; veen during emergencies. They already started to offshore their Customer Service reps, I could barely understand a guy who I surmised was from Africa. and then got sent to China after I requested to speak to someone else. 
I'm not being racist, but I was frustrated with 1 hour wait/hold times on phone calls and then having to remind the guy on the other end that I couldn't understand him was enough to make just pay the extra money for a short stay in a hotel nearby. 
I like the idea, but Airbnb got too big and thus drew away from its core product which was centered around delivering a superior UX and customer service than the competitor Hotel down the street. 
@_date: 2019-03-19 20:40:44
:/ 
Well, if there mission was to de-throne BItmain it really was just a a war of attrition, in which case they didn't even have to enter as it self-imploded. Oh, well... Fujitsu is still a good asset to have in the hardware space. 
@_date: 2019-03-20 06:27:51
Ya te digo, macho... eso si es los mas cyberpunk que visto en estos ultimos meses! 
Me pregunto por que en Catalunya, pero rquerdo: si los de Mardid quieren negar la gente (por ejemplo activistas en Catalunya-exit) de su dinero, por que tener un sistema asi, no? 
@_date: 2019-03-15 00:09:11
OP, laid it down best, but I'd also make paper wallets with only parts of the private key in several safe locations. Nothing wrong with dividing the funds into several addresses. Hardware wallets can be good, but I don't know if customs won't compromise it before it gets to you. Are those 'Cyber militia' guys still a thing in Cuba?


Embargo got worse over Trump, too, butdenial of Internet connectivity in Cuba from there own government is just as tyrannical.
There is this rad piece on how they are overcoming that with a meshnet of sorts called streetnet: 
[ 
It's pretty fucking Cyberpunk, but also really cool to see international cooperation to make it happen.
@_date: 2019-03-14 16:52:51
A key point to note here is:


Which is essentially what has happened thus far since he was released, this guy's Life has been ruined, his family Life is in shambles, he's still essentially persona-non-grata in the Bitcoin community. 
I really do feel bad for the guy, and I just hope he can take solace in knowing that what he did with the final goxxing and those that came before it were mainly based on incompetence not malice and that he did the best he could with this civil rehabilitation thing. 
Its harsh, on a Human level, to see this happen to the guy that gave the Bitcoin community its first exchange platform. I just hope he did hold on to some coins from his earnings back in the day to pay for a legal team to at least get a reduced sentence; at this point I think its clear that he's going to jail again, the Japanese have a pretty draconian legal/conviction rate and they have expended way too much energy/resources on this and it has gotten way too much media attention for it to just blow over. 
@_date: 2019-11-07 07:07:25
Uhh... no. He contributed and funded LN labs, but the LN itself had been in the works prior to this. 
With that said, I really do hope that he funds more contributers/devs to LN to hopefully be able to port that over to Cash/Square. I'm convinced its going to take someone like Dorsey to get us to that merchant adoption inflection point. 
No one else has the penetration that Square does within the small business merchant like Square does, and if we onbordered them onto LN with ease of use, this could be the step we needed to finally be able to put the currency aspect of Bitcoin into real World scenarios to improve upon. 
I hope part of the money they got from Caviar gets used to do this.
@_date: 2019-03-26 02:28:48
That is perhaps the most Chinese thing I've seen in some time, she kind of pulls it off if you play it without audio... the glasses adjustment did it for me as it distracted the flimsy side mirror almost falling off. 
And they told her job as a diesel mechanic in a factory in Shenzhen was never going to take her anywhere. ;) 
[Should have had this playing over it instead.]( 
@_date: 2019-03-24 20:43:58


After years of seeing these, and even seeing his appeal go the way it did... I'd have to say: No.
Its sad to see Ross in a Super Max (is he still in CO?) that's often reserved for the most violent criminals, for what amounts to charges of simply running a website. We can go back and forth on bad OPSEC, and why he didn't just leave the US, but the fact remains this was an unjust prosecution; its just the the State needed to make someone into example, the thing is... it didn't work. DNM are just as prolific as they were back then. What they killed was a once flourishing community of people who felt this was a worth while pursuit, who have since been scattered throughout the internet.
What has to be underscored is just how egregious the court system is, it makes a mockery of the concept of 'Justice' when you still see executive crooks at HSBC who have actually been caught red-handed laundering money for the Drug Cartels be given nothing but a fine (the cost of doing business) and are still out jet-setting around the World like nothing happened.
Ross is a political prisoner, he was made an example of by the State, nothing will change that and his lifetime sentence re-affirms just how high the stakes are for true freedom fighting: I truly hope Ross has made peace with that.
@_date: 2018-10-06 21:18:40
That still remains the most earnest of Exchanges to have blown up in BTC's history though, I mean compare it to Bitcoinica/Gox etc... Who else got hit with the shit that they did (US seizure) and still managed to offset the their depositors as quickly as them?
Its unfortunate that this is case, but they were the most resilient and honest exchange up until that point; all while operating under the guise of a shady operation run by anons in E. Europe.
I'm way more impressed with what they did, and as quick as they did it, then with what GOX has done after all the BS; no one is being made whole and a ton of Japanese bureaucrats and lawyers seem to be the only one's who are truly reaping the rewards from BTC's price rise.
With that said, OP's shitpost is rather sophomoric and as someone pointed out: totally 9gag tier.  
Go host a Bitcoin meetup at your local library showcasing LN if you want to properly promote BTC, otherwise this is about as useful as a BORT license plate. Very few besides a small percentage of nerds will even get the significance of what those 3 letters stand for in the off-chance they even glance at it. 
@_date: 2019-03-04 19:44:39
Who better than Jack Dorsey to go along with this, he has the recognition from his work with Square to navigate and speak in depth of a roll out for the POS requirements for the Legacy systems, and the ability to bring Starkbot with him to talk LN's capability.
I don't do social media, so I don't know who Anthony is, but what has he done in actual on the ground Fintech/payment processing, all I see are talks of his on youtube promoting BTC and his fund and not much else. 
And I'm not sure what a guy with a capital management fund can do, rally, besides investment things when what is before him is a that problem seems like more like simplifying the mechanics (UX/UE) to opt out of the Visa stranglehold.
@_date: 2018-10-10 11:15:23
When is he doing is spot on Rogan's podcast again? 
@_date: 2019-11-12 13:53:43


The thing is that the 'porn industry' is no longer an identifiable cohesive entity anymore; I spent 5 mins checking this chicks twitter (she reminded me of a girl from University I used to hang out with), and she re-tweeted a post in which it explicitly says they prefer to shoot and deliver their own content on there own websites/services. Making upwards of 30k/month according to the OP!
I think that this paradigm, while very effective in bringing about change(s) to large platforms, is itself a decentralized system that requires a more nuanced approach. One in which crypto and Bitcoin specifically can and has played a large part in experimenting with new ideas. Most forget that in addition to things like Backpage and such in the US, an Escort site in the UK accepted BTC almost exclusively for a while. 
Sex workers are often the first to get hit with financial censorship, and legal/illegal theft so they understand the implications better than most. I think that much like the legal MJ Industry, sex work could be legalized overnight but the banking side of things wouldn't really change much if at all. (Read: Canada)


She looks to be doing well for herself, though I'm not sure she's a porn girl so much as a dancer/escort/cam-girl. With that said, it could of been worse; she's a savvy entrepreneur that understands the tech to some degree and has deployed it for her services, also her post about Faketoshi tshirt client was amusing.  


IRS gonna love that
While I'm sure this is some edgy hyperbole, I think Education is now a viable value added service in this Space for People like this woman who may not grasp all of the seemingly daunting specs of this tech, Privacy often being the most elusive of all. In addition to doing Payment processing and Financial Services, I found our startup did more in Education than anything else, as most--who actually took the time to care about the matter--found themselves asking a lot of pertinent, yet abstract, questions about Money itself. Privacy and the lack of it in the Modern Financial World was a huge topic of discussion. 
With that said, I had this weird recurring dream I was walking into a club with girls wearing those odd cosplay fuzzy tail-like things that were fashionable a few years back with something like embedded NFC enabled Hardware wallets and smart watches with a simple UI to verify payment. Such that if you fancied a girl for a tip or lapdance or something you could discreetly pay her without too much of a fuss and go about your business. This was about the time that one broad posted a pic of her QR code tattoo here, so... maybe 2011? 
I don't personally get why people pay for pr0n, beyond those very edge fetishes, but its undeniable that they do; so its only logical that capturing those who want to do so with this tech should be a benchmark in our collective roadmap. We need easier UI and better UX to along with Educational Outreach to onboard these guys on, personally I think we could do a lot more good doing this than letting an evil Alibaba entity hand out sats for spying on you on behalf of the CCP/PRC or getting some bankster funded ETF online.
@_date: 2019-11-13 04:38:39


I just read this: [
With things like Extinction Rebellion taking off amongst Gen Z, or whatever precedes Millennials, I think the target is focused on Boomers and the politicians/CEOs of that age for having wrecked the Ecosystem. Gen X should also be included, but I'm beyond such divisive BS that I prefer to focus on the simple fact that for young People: extinction is actually a real concern (myself included)!
Given that Millenials have been the reason for things like the share economy and long term co-habitation (roommates) I think they are acutely aware that we as a generation have not been able to make that ecological destruction that Boomers have given the lack of resources and social mobility. Our levels of consumption are drastically lower. 
Also note that its because of Millennials 'expensive avacado toast' tastes that Organic and local food as a [branding/marketing]( strategy has taken off. 
In many ways, I think we're the cautionary tale for what happens when the previous generation fucks you over so hard that you better have an alternative in place because we were forced to drink the kool-aid and cannot (often) escape this debt-laden dystopia despite where our (a)politics/morals/ethics lie. 
And none of us can or will escape the ecological collapse and climate change, but we're likely to die before they do so its clear they have to do something drastic as the model is not just broken its cancerous.
@_date: 2018-10-15 23:50:57
10 mins in and this  really good interview of the current features of Samourai; I'll have to pick this up later tonight. Initially i was intrigued because of those guys are anons developing these tools, good to see them on the HCPP18 line up. 
@_date: 2018-10-13 22:10:14
That happened in Colorado, too; an over saturation of supply is inevitable and will eventually find an equilibrium as the price will drastically reduce. If CO is a predictor it will likely be used to make other consumables, and products (lotions, tinctures, balms, etc...) as the Market matures. Consumers for those products are far greater than the dispensary regulars, the issue is how to tap into that Market share which is spurring on another gold rush mentality in my observation. 
But I think that is a necessary growing pain, I'm still not sure about WA's model, but if you say its successful... Is it as consolidated as CO? Because while amendment 64 proved to be an economic boon on paper, the truth is the barrier of entry is such that no one without a million+ in capital can even think to enter the space anymore. 
California's model is actually really cool the more I look into it, they have a 1 acre restriction until 22' and are also helping people who were convicted of MJ related crimes prior to legalization. The size restriction allows for mom-pop dispensaries to still operate and thrive, for the time being anyhow. 
I'm not entirely in favour of legislation based community assistance, but since its a reality (for now) its actually a well thought out system. And I actually liked CA's model prior to recreational legalization, it was probably the best hands-off Market approach. Of course, this enabled a lot of unscrupulous things, not least of which was raids from the Federal Government/DEA on legal operating businesses, but that still applies to any of the other State's with a MJ program.  
@_date: 2019-11-13 10:25:33


I stand corrected, she most definitely comes from the porn World. I thought she was doing exclusive cam-girl stuff (fapping to Vitalik was truly wtf stuff, the guy is like 90 lbs) as that is what she was promoting herself as on twitter. But, as it turns out she has a ton of Industry stuff, too.
I don't want to talk about my past with a girl who ended up in that Industry, its probably more common in SoCal than in anywhere else but maybe Tokyo, but... lets just say one I did know was far from quiet, but she did have the most insecurities of her body of any girl I have ever been with.
I remember there was a middle school teacher who got fired for being an ex-porn girl, she was quite candid about it being poverty that drove her to it.
With that said, after all my years in crypto I don't think sex work is anything to be ashamed of. I personally think its like any profession that requires hands on interaction; in fact when I lived in Switzerland (where prostitution is legal) the family I worked for had several homes, and on occasion I'd stay at the one in town for a weekend getaway with my fiance or for a repair job and the next door neighbor was a high end escort; we'd give her her tomatoes and zucchini from the farm for her to check in on the house and water the plants and such while we were out in the country or the alps.
She wasn't my type, but I can see why she could afford a house in that canton/city despite being in her early 30s given her profession.
@_date: 2019-11-05 20:14:39
This seems entirely absurd, not the game itself, but the fact that is how 'value' can be generated in Markets.
I think after 2008 I felt a deep sense of weltschmertz not just knowing and then confirming that the World's economy was just one big (rigged) Casino run by Banksters with bots that do HFT. But that the efforts, Human Capital and labour of better Men are left to the devices of people who do this all day.
Who in the fucking World has the temerity to tell an aspiring chemical engineer, aerospace engineer, or a biochemist that their ability to function and succeed in the World is primarily dictated not by their own ability, but by the flimsy nature and lack of stability created by People who do this and can in turn destroy the World's economy and get bailed out when it all goes wrong.
OP's thing is fine, albeit comical because it negates how much bot trading already takes place, but its the description with which he explains what it is that is taking place. I keep thinking of that scene in the Big Short when Bear Sterns goes down and the guy ends with saying 'I thought we were better than this.'
@_date: 2019-03-11 00:22:13
Odd... I had to learn a ton of skills just to be able to keep up with BTC related stuff since I started. I leveraged those skills to create my own startup and then leverage that to go work elsewhere, if and when I wanted to. 
I think you're doing it wrong, OP. 
@_date: 2018-10-14 11:33:05


The title may be a bit absurd if not outright edgy, as its selecting from the most brazen of quotes in the entire article, but that's the click-bait journalism that is here to stay. I'm affraid.. but for those of us who actually recall the Maidan, BTC was in fact a savior for many. Capital controls struck fast, there was no way of getting food or supplies as cash had run dry, and people were out protesting were getting shot/seriously maimed or killed.  And like in most of Eastern Europe, if you're not paying someone off you're not getting any services, especially medical.
Bitcoin proved itself as a worthy alternative, and given the fact of how fucked Ukraine has gotten in the recent past (Gulags during Soviet Union) its no surprise they're willing to explore all options rather than let happen again. Even the 90s after the Soviet collapse was rather bleak. So terrible for such a beautiful part of the World with an awesome Culture.
The AR Satoshi statue is... odd, but Art is like that, it has to provoke and evoke something.
A lot of it seems like valid concerns brought up in the POV of a country ravaged by War, and BTC is playing a supporting role in helping people preserve their wealth in troubling times. 
You should watch a documentary on the Revolution to see what they face(d), maybe then you'll realize what their plight is like:
@_date: 2018-10-01 13:38:47
Can we just forget about what China's 'official' position(s) will be already? These people have some of the most tyrannical practices surrounding tech imaginable, they data mine via Alibaba like no ones's business, they have probably the most advanced facial recognition surveillance system to monitor their populace 24/7 and are soon to unleash Seaseme Credit's dystopian nightmare to cap all that off. 
China, specifically what it's Government thinks, is irrelevant at this point because all signs lead to them creating an Autocratic Society in which all financial transactions are monitored and known to the State and aggregated to yield some good citizen benchmark. Ironically, this is exactly why China (it's People) needs bitcoin, despite its Government's stance which is all too clear and not in favour of it regardless of what ever hype/fear piece comes from their presses to manipulate short term prices. 
Hopefully it collapses before they get to play out their own version of the 21st Century Soviet Union.
@_date: 2019-11-07 08:28:02


We don't get an option when it comes to things like Medicare/Social Security if they're employed. Which is why those continue to be doled out, I'd gladly opt-out if I could. My employer pays for 1/2 of my medical insurance, and I pay the other half and I have an active job and lifestyle, I work out regularly and eat healthy: I don't need or want Medicare but I'm subsidizing it for those who are on it already.
Its funny, I was in a sociology class back in 2005, in the midst of the bubble era, and the professor flat out said there wouldn't be any funds left in either social security or Medicare to cover the costs of anyone attending the class below the age of 30. Considering this was an auditorium class with 1st year freshmen (it was a low level GE class) most just ignored it. 
But I was taken back by the statement and went home and started to research about the unfunded liabilities; I later wrote a paper on that topic and she and I chatted at office hours about that and other topics. 
She was an interesting older woman, who had done everything under the sun in her field, and 'felt she had to tell the Truth to her students who would listen before she retired.'
@_date: 2019-03-26 18:30:08
Again, HER, not Theranos... which is what I was trying to clear up, I'm not trying to speak for or defend his gullibility for her.
Listen, there have been so many scams/scammers in BTC in its first 10 years and people have gotten burned on that, so lets not negate that by making it seem that we're a paragon of all knowing truth despite our very skeptical nature and culture.
These things happen, unfortunately, and speaks more to the Human condition than it does to a technological panacea.
I finally saw Nightcrawler again, and yeah... she is exactly like Louis to me, its almost like a cookie cutter archetype actually; so except for the fact that rather than having to see the gritty side of LA News 'show business' she got to play disruptive startup founder role in VC money land (Silicon Valley), which is equally as absurd if you think about it.
And subsequently, the latter is so much more politically motivated that stuff like gender 'equality' is forced down our throat, except when its negative (as is the case with her), then its just this outlier situation to be omitted to suit a narrative/agenda.
I've personally had more female supervisors than male, and despite that I find they're more or less equally insufferable as each other--its just done in different ways. In my experience Females in power are far more territorial and will quickly get rid of you if they see you as a threat without discussion/warning, where males are just super demanding but their arrogance makes them blind. She and Sonny were just the embodiment of that dynamic, too.
@_date: 2018-10-01 13:19:44
@_date: 2018-10-10 21:11:50
El Psy Kongoroo, sunvabitch!
@_date: 2018-10-10 21:19:11
Yeah, cool, but lets focus on Bulletproof shall we?
@_date: 2019-11-18 11:26:15
It was only a matter of time, check my recent post History, its filled with me pleading with them to understand what War they are really fighting on their subreddit: its one of class divide, the mainland political/affluent class and the hordes of cheap Money and access to resources/real estate and the Hong Kong Elite who profit from their collective exploitation--while a large section of the older generation watch their children with distinct sense of apathy or indifference. For anyone who was involved with 2014's Umbrella revolution, we all saw what was on the horizon to a degree but it played out with a level of intensity (on both sides) that gave us all pause. The cage houses, and the way in general the poor live is fucking sad beyond words and in a way foreshadowing what is possible even in what is regarded as an affluent Westernized part of the World.
It's been a tragic state of affairs, that due to my past involvement with other movements has put me in a deep state of despair; I take solace in knowing that Human resistance towards tyranny still exists in the World. One that looks surmountable at times, but is fought on many fronts none the less.
But an Education on Finance, and the dire implications it has on daily Life, is still drastically lacking even in the most 'Free Economy' in the World. Revolutions aren't won when their is blood on the streets, be it from Freedom Fighters or that of Tyrants, its when minds are changed in masse which in turn create and inspire others to see that vision out. I think that's what is missing most here, their is no coherent structure other than a will to fight the problem head-on with abject violence as the State's response.
All I can say is:
@_date: 2018-10-05 22:54:02
Needs more of the Russian Cosplayer chicks walking around, but otherwise: I approve of this image.
Putin and his Ruble can go fuck himself, and a Ban/sanctions from the US can't faze you when we'll help ourselves and use an uncensorable means of payment. 
@_date: 2018-10-05 11:49:20
So, then we treat him like a domain squatter, then? Not much of an accolade. 


Agreed. I wish we could just move on. But some of you people insist in indulging his every fucking whim and ultimately giving him the attention he craves; it makes me think we will never get rid of this almost herpes-like character from BTC. 
@_date: 2018-10-10 20:56:13


Seriously, add to the fact that they used some speech pattern recognition system/algo to identify it to his social media accounts. 
This will be one of those GTFO here moments when asked 'why are you in?' 'Well...'
Crypto never ceases to produce an endless amount of events that provide a writer with endless plots/stories and content. Fact is stranger than fiction in this World that is for fucking sure. 
Also would purposely making typos on sentences to throw off the algo be possible? The fact that the Internet has become a spying network in which you need the verbal equivalent of LED glasses to avoid facial recognition cameras is really alarming, can we start booting up the much needed Global Meshnet(s) already?
@_date: 2018-10-05 05:09:26
What's the state of the art these days? I remember their miners were ready to be shipped last time I looked into it.
Also, how have the meshnet components come along, the point of this is to create a decentralized internet without an ISP, right?
Has anything like a Guifi or other wide scale meshnet deployment come along in order to support/test out this at all?
My friend who used to play with CJDNS stuff with me back in the day went in deep on SKY, he said this was the answer to it.
I saw some presentation on it on youtube, and was... entirely underwhelmed, to say the very least; but then again so was I about BTC until the wikileaks thing happened, so this time around I'm more open minded, just limited on time.
Edit: [Synth himself.](
40 mins in and I can't stand his meandering conversation, its fine if I was into this, but I just wanted an update, not his views and History lesson on Crypto as a whole.  Its cool that thye're finally shipping hardware now, miners and HD wallets.
@_date: 2018-10-12 00:50:55


Don't do it, you coming back able-bodied to use that GI Bill isn't a guarantee. I was an arrogant bastard at your age and thought Community College was for losers who couldn't get into a 'real school,' only to find myself 4.5 years later at University (going deeper into debt while working crazy hours) and simultaneously going to a community college because of budget cuts and reduction in available classes in order to graduate before the crisis struck (2008). 
You're likely to find yourself in the same situation as nothing has changed since then, its only seemingly gotten worse.
See where your entrepreneurship takes you while going PT to a local Community College and take a look at things like Coursera for things that peak your interest and continue to invest in Bitcoin, especially right now with the price dip; its the best thing that I could recommend a fellow entrepreneur. 
If mowing lawns gets old, a A+ certification is relatively cheap and easy to study for (lots of torrents for guides/tests) and relatively easy if you understand tech. You won't makes tons of money doing it, of course, but it will give you a more stable schedule as you progress at school and give you relevant work experience if you decide to go into tech. 
Chances are you don't even know what you want to do with your Life if wasting ~4-5 years, with a possibility of active duty in war-zones and who knows how many tours, is something you're willing to sign up for. The last thing you want to do is to be permanently maimed for Life and have nothing to show for it and being a burden on your family because of it; go to a VA hospital parking lot or lobby, see what that 'Life' really gets you when the inevitable happens. 
@_date: 2018-10-13 08:51:44
Jesus, and here I thought their lottery for MJ grows/dispensaries was absurd. How is WA even competing with Oregon? Its like they want to these sectors to be run by a small cartel.
As for the kiosk, well... it makes sense on a practical level, but legally speaking: are they accepting Crypto out in the open for their goods/services?  If so that is newsworthy!
@_date: 2019-11-06 06:04:43


A non-malnourished Human--as in a non-chronically calorie deficient or ill person--can go 30 days without food before death from starvation becomes a real threat.
I get your statement, but even at a week you're dealing with what a great deal of the Human population does on a regular basis for religious reasons/poverty.
Despite being heavily invested in the Ag/Food Industry I'd say that would do the World a great deal of good if it were done on a quarterly basis, if I'm honest.
@_date: 2018-10-05 22:48:59
Yeah, they also took down Switzerland's oldest bank, Wegelin, in 2013 after the US started to investigate them for helping US Citizens 'evade' taxes.
That pretty much ended the Swiss cartel on secrecy, and started to stop issuing accounts to all US citizens and sent a cascade of events that pretty much ended the era of banking secrecy.
What's ironic is that the British off-shore just grew in orders of magnitude, and the Panama papers helped elucidate how others got around it, too.
Either way, it was a much needed incident, do not expect Banks to protect you whether it be privacy, secrecy or just to have documentation on hand so as to not kick you out of your house after you paid for it.
BTC and Crypto lets you be your own bank, and when done correctly no one will know what you may or may not have. That's the best we can wish for, anything else is a pipe dream and this ETF BS has the possibility of being another GOX.


Yes, made even worse by the fact that this was brought up in the wake of a mass shooting. Very revealing what mattered in those situations.
@_date: 2019-11-06 06:42:01
Rad, looks like you guys had a blast and had a decent turn out; I've seen meetups in tech hub cities in the US with less people. 
In terms of Crypto/Bitcoin Education, where would you rank Indonesia on a scale of 1-10? I ask because as we see Hong Kong descend into the situation it has, and despite it being a financial hub, they are completely oblivious to it as a tool to overcome financial censorship. I'm also starting to notice how every little it is understood in that part of the World (SE Asia) despite how much it is needed.
I'm willing to go so far as to say that things like Green School in Indonesia should be teaching its students about entrepreneurship and crypto as a means to facilitate the change it claims to want to see in the World as its friction-less and border-less nature as well as its low environmental impact makes it an ideal choice to ground its youth in to achieve its goals.
@_date: 2019-11-06 07:44:54
It was actually that all the data was encrypted and then the paper records were destroyed. The plot goes deeper with currencies, and Bitcoin becomes a core component of the story-line.


I think it's because its too apt that it is being overlooked by the masses, they want to live in a fantasy World with things like dragons in Game of Thrones or some other escapist pursuit.
I've come the realization that most of Humanity, and especially the TV watching masses, live in a perpetual state of 'make-believe.' Its like the Peter Pan syndrome writ large, but since so many engage in it becomes a sort of parallel reality that gives them some sense of deluded comfort.
I don't mean that to be edgy, I seriously cannot get into such far-flung stories because it seems like a waste of my limited time, and I'd rather focus on shows that focus on more pressing issues with the little TV I do watch.
Esmail is a damn genius, his attention to detail with the hacks were/are brilliant, his cinematography skills are among the best ever; but its the way he engages with his audience with such a gripping script and storytelling that is most fascinating in my opinion as an amateur writer.
Its no surprise that he was a hacker in university (he got caught) and that this show was greatly motivated, as he is an Egyptian-American, by the Arab Spring and the financial crisis.
And to think the guy used to direct/record amateur porn! Talk about a pivot.
@_date: 2019-03-21 09:43:12
*If* that is the case, then he gets the Hearn treatment and gets ousted like the pariah he is when he tries to roll that out... I'm willing to give Dorsey the benefit of the doubt until he proves himself otherwise. 
Maybe you've forgotten who Mike is/was, so I'll let you do some reading on here because clearly you haven't been around to realize that no one can just hi-jack Bitcoin like that. Even when you're Ver and Wu with tons of money and the majority of the hashing power on the network.
@_date: 2018-10-13 06:36:58
Except it defies what our near 10 year History has been like; the latest of which, Pineapple fund, went above and beyond anything I have ever witnessed.
Generosity has been a key principal of this 'movement,' and one I find remarkable as most could always 'just spend the money' on something or someone yet choose to help others in need.
However, I share your skepticism in what is seemingly a very lucrative amount of money for this puzzle. 
@_date: 2019-03-24 20:57:47
'Fuck Square?' Do you mean Cash?
And even then, Dorsey is like our current poster-child for what 'big tech' should be doing if it had any sense around here.
With that said, P2P is was how this tech was meant to be used; unless you're a trader, you really should be getting your btc from meetups/community members/employers etc... to be doing as it was outlined in the Whitepaper.
I'm not that much of a strict maximalist anymore, as more privacy based tools have emerged (wasabi being the best) to obfuscate the source of the coins. But I've been telling people to leave Coinbase since at least 2014, these guys are the Goldman Sachs of Bitcoin.
Cash App renders them obsolete, and goes to support core devs now, whereas Coinbase buys up security intrusive startups that can get someone killed. The choice is obvious, convenience has a cost, now we know how low Coinbase are willing to go to sell you out, so the choice is yours.


I'm now convinced that mass adoption will only happen when this tech is so easy to use most of its user-base won't even know they're using it anymore. It'll have to look and feel like modern day Online banking, or even simpler for the masses to even consider jumping ship--think playskool toddler toy UI. 
Until then, its still early days; and to be honest, I need to buy more so I'd prefer to let it play out a bit longer.
@_date: 2018-10-24 09:46:31


Who (coin) is the hapless soul in the black hoodie getting tossed on the rail? Bcash, or Iota... its totally BCash. isn't it; Cfields is the eldery Man who helped them find a vulnerability.
Yup: [
@_date: 2018-10-12 00:53:10
Will follow his progress, thanks!
@_date: 2018-10-01 13:13:06
What ever happened to him, he gave some to Sean's Outpost, right?
I miss those days.
Hopefully he held some and cashed out in DEC to pay off some student debt, what a fucking story to tell if he essentially got a full ride from just a joke here and year's of appreciation. Most of us that were drowning in student debt had to slave away during holidays/birthdays/weekends and what ever OT for years.
@_date: 2019-11-06 07:17:37
Furthermore, it resulted in banks evicting homeowners who had already paid their mortgage as a result of not knowing that information. They also did a great deal of underhanded things as they operated without needing proof of ownership to make owners re-finance in order to take their property from them, they mainly targeted the elderly minority; the Well's Fargo scams are so fucking inhumane and should have caused mass revolt against the banking system were not for a very effective Formal Education system specializing in conditional subservience.
Google is failing me, but those wrongful evictions were so common during the crisis that some Sheriffs decided against doing it as the level of theft was so blatant they didn't want to be implicated in their crimes.
Which is really saying something!
@_date: 2019-03-18 20:38:11


STFU, if you only knew how significant this is in regards to tech adoption or actually worked in the Industry you'd know most exchanges are going in/out alts and fiats all the time anyway, are they a net negative?
Seriously, just stop... When Korger sales they're likely going to do it via a counterparty system who deals with OTC trades if they do it in volume necessary to keep pace with VISA. 
These fucking troll accounts aren't even trying anymore with their FUD...
@_date: 2019-03-26 02:07:25
I understand that on a technical level that might be seem reasonable, but Satoshi's whitepaper essentially defied the paradigm of its time and went on to solve the Byzantine General's problem; once thought to be impossible to solve by these very CS academics. And it was done and iterated via FOSS practices and the members of the community, who often didn't have a degree in CS or at all in some cases!
So, no... I think this guy is just like Krugman or Buffet in that they would never go along with it as its an existential threat to them (often older guys) and what they have built their cushy careers on.
The young(er) and more risk taking cohort have already migrated, or have been involved for some time as the brain drain began sometime in 2013-14 or so.
'Bovine excrement' is also what replenishes the soil to yield bountiful harvests, so even if his analogy held true, I'd say that is a complement as that is exactly what Bitcoin has done to its advocates as it re-energized and mobilized a movement in Society who sought to ensure we have a secure financial fail-safe (see Venezuela, or Ukraine) for their house of cards.
@_date: 2019-03-19 22:07:12
Que putada, tio; [pero mejor eso que tener que suportar cosas como estas]( 
@_date: 2018-10-12 00:52:14
The Bay area is a 1.5 hour plane ride to LA, he is likely to sit in traffic from LAX to the studio for longer than that. 
@_date: 2019-11-20 00:16:51


Or HE IS an expert and knows how effective chain analysis is for any motivated Intelligence agency, main layer Bitcoin/blockchain sucks for that. Hell, Law Enforcement have gone on record saying they only wished more would use BTC to commit crimes as its so good for taking them down. 
Main layer in its current form is a privacy nightmare; Samurai and wasabi are trying to make it better, but we need default anonymity at the base layer in place. It should be as simple as untoggling a button for non-anon txs if we really want this tech to succeed. Our next wave of adoption will no longer be the Technorati elite, think Extinction Rebellion activists, we're far past that point... now it will be the non-tech savvy who will make up the largest segment of userbase if we're to do this right, and we need to be prepared for that.


They made that movie, it sucked: 
Bitcoin/Cypherpunk/CryptoAnanrchy has a more interesting History than any of the movements and subcultures I have ever been involved with; I could name 10 more plots that would be worth a flick.
@_date: 2017-08-11 06:08:19


Why wouldn't they? Nothing says disruption via p2p crypto currency than following the path laid upon them by [Goldman Sachs.]( Which is *coincidently* where one of the Founders (Fred Ehrsam) was working prior to creating CB.  
Welcome to the *big leagues*, fellas. 
Jesus, can we please get Bitsquared more traction in this community? Any traders wanting to add what can help to make that happen?
@_date: 2019-03-27 03:18:04
I think I can out-do that, I had a local CU that didn't have any branches nearby except for 1, despite their biggest selling point is being able to use the Network in all 50 states in the US. I opened an account here because it was the best of all the worst possible options.
So, about a 1.5 year ago, their old diebold machine was hacked and had compromised several clients ID with embedded card swipers, and this was at their flagship HQ in the lobby and at the single ATM teller! I saw as they gutted the thing in the lobby when one of the managers asked that I come in a few weeks later.
My account and my balance was locked for several weeks, without notice, it wasn't until I tried to move those funds that I was made aware of this. I had to explain to everyone who I owed money to that I had to go through a re-verification process to reclaim my balance, in person... several times. Which made moving a nightmare, but that's another story.
Flash forward to last summer, and I tried to use an ATM out of state for the first time. And when I get there its the same diebold machine that I saw at HQ, and this one couldn't read checks to save its pathetic obsolete self from a trip to the junk yard so it made me think it was compromised, too. So after several outages, I think 5 on my watch, and 3 repairs they had to upgrade the machine. They did... and the check scanner was better on this new model after the technician calibrated it 4-5 times in a span of 2 weeks (I got to know him by this time), but the post office in which it was located started to close the lobby after 7pm after the Summer. I often got out of work at 2am most of the week... 
I just ended up using the cashback option at groceries stores for petty sums before I went to work, it was an absurd thing to do as I usually had to plan a day or two ahead if I needed more than just pocket money and make sure I went to the branch ATM. 
Its pathetic how archaic this system is, its many inconveniences and how much relies of Society relies on it (which is to say all of it). It reminds me of being a kid in the early 90s trying to write a report for school waiting for the library to be open, going there, needing a membership, hoping someone had returned the book I needed etc... when only a few years later I could use the Internet to look for whatever topic I wanted to write about, it was clunky and the search results often required multiple attempts to get it just right but it worked 24/7, provided AOL or a phone call wouldn't kick me off that is. That's where I think we are in this process; the tech works, but its hard to use (for most) and its clunky so we need to get better at that.
This is why I think Kroger being our first true stress test for LN is critical if we want to make this a reality we need have the infrastructure and the UI/UX to take on this massive undertaking; we will mess up and their will be mistakes along the way, but relying on the fiat banking system is deadly at this point. They know this, but the end user needs to have a way to do this.  
@_date: 2018-10-13 22:13:04
Hence, my skepticism. 
@_date: 2017-08-12 07:25:12
Rad, thanks for that. Looks like they only recently came out, I seeded until I got a ratio of 20+ before it paused out so hopefully that helped someone get it out there. 
So, is it Saigon or Ho Chi Minh? Is this like a city version of Burma vs Myanmar thing?
@_date: 2019-11-13 10:01:15


Furthermore, its a way to leap past the need for intermediaries where no regulation exists; much like the recent prevalence of internet connectivity in that part of the World represents having new netizens come online, it also denotes a lot of untapped Market participants. So providing them the tools (financial services and payment processing) to do so only makes sense.
If you've been in the space long enough you will have no doubt heard about onboarding the 'unbanked,' those without the means or documents to acquire those services traditionally, and enabling them to participate in the broader developed World's economic system with nothing more than a smartphone and Internet connectivity (see: borgenproject link) and bypassing the need for a bank opening in their rural village.
Personally, I like to reference an article on System D by OECD, that stipulated in 2011 that it was the 2nd largest economy in the World, estimated at $12 Trillion and growing; and it comprised mainly of grey-Market and Black Market workers:
This not only represents a large, and currently ignored sector of the Human population, but its also a lot of untapped amount of Human Capital as well as investment opportunities via microfinance. Most don't know this, but studies have been done on rural African farmers that have taken advantage of micro-loans often have an absurdly low default rate and adds substantially to their GDP:
Moreover, Patrick Byrne hinted to be working on some incredibly lofty goals in Africa, like voting and new stock market analogues in the region and such, but with his recent exodus I think that much is pretty much dead in the water for now. I'd really like to hear him do a podcast and be interviewed on where it all stands, now that he's severed all ties with Overstock.
@_date: 2019-11-13 04:07:05
Jack is making all the right moves, so its no surprise he's picking up where Byrne left off (which is still really fucking bizarre). 
I look forward to hearing what his assessment is, and what the guys at BitPesa have been up to all these years and how they can help out: 
@_date: 2018-10-10 21:27:01
So, I haven't kept up but I do recall that thread; but I have a question, was the current civil rehabilitation scheme only possible because Mark turned down the money? Because I'm sure all those bureaucrats and lawyers are still getting their cut from selling at ATH, that's for fucking sure. 
If so, fuck... years in prison, personal attacks on him and his safety online, the stress on him and his family, and he still does this? 
I'd buy the guy a frappuccino at a meetup if I ever saw him just to hear his legal and prison stories and to tell how the last days of gox were as it was melting down. 
@_date: 2018-10-01 13:18:30
Not this shit again... 
You need to get better at searching the archives, then. There is way better content out there, start with Andreas' stuff, and then look into LN labs presentations, Starkbot just did one recently.
I honestly would like to see her at this year's CCC, just to show that we've actually done some really heavy lifting post ATH when most people have stop caring about BTC.
@_date: 2019-03-15 07:44:03
88n8's bars go hard on this one (Fuck the Fed):
@_date: 2018-10-10 21:08:12
This is filmed in the same vein as a Mr. Robot episode, a show which has exposed so many non-technical people to encryption and MITM attacks etc... these are the people we need to focus on, the initiated are already here, and have been in crypto for some time now. 
I'd watch, I wouldn't take it seriously of course, but that isn't the point. I'm pretty sure I watched that Startup show (binge watched within on the background while I worked), and its still not as crazy as the shit that was happening here or on BTF in the early days, or even now: some guy got fucking pinched and is serving 20 years for dealing on a DNM when he came to the US for a beard contest... you guys need to take this shit with a sense of humour, otherwise you won't last. I'm still waiting on a short film on 'Abby' Bitcoin's story.
@_date: 2017-08-12 06:20:19
While having any of them enter this space would be a great step towards removing the monopoly from Bitmain, the problem--as I see it--for overcoming mining centralization is one of establishing Open Hardware. 
Anything short of that will just lead to more consolidation of the hashing power. 
I wouldn't mind mining at a loss, provided I could make my own device(s) like I did with my nodes (rp2). And while I would always do so at a loss, I'd be fine with it if this could scale. 
I really hope 21 had a significant windfall with the recent price increase and they get back to making the devices they projected that would make this all possible.
We now have a $54+ Billion Market cap/Ecosystem, if this doesn't warrant the possibility of implementing Open Hardware, I'm really not sure what will anymore. 
@_date: 2016-12-20 21:56:27
With the amount of digital nomads and hacker spaces in Hanoi alone, I'm not surprised their is such a draw, but I really think a local bitcoin/mycelium trader deal would be best considering they could eventually develop a closed loop ecosystem. 
@_date: 2018-10-03 22:47:03
Bitcoin itself? Scale. Its too damn big at this point to be 100% on renewable, that doesn't mean there aren't other cryptos trying to achieve or reward others for producing renewable energy, though. 
Check out solarcoin, it incentivizes people who use PV and pays them out in SLR, which is/was able to be sold for other cryptos on exchanges. 
I'm conflicted with BTC's energy needs, as anyone else should be, but what I have realized is that: this is the True cost of actual Security. Its like asking why helmets require so much scrutiny, and why they're so expensive: because, [when they occur you get to walk away with your head intact and live to fight another day.]( (That guy got away from that as was in the paddock joking around that race weekend.)
In an ideal World it shouldn't be, and in time I hope we see more Mining operations move more to hydro powered areas outside of China, use PV and have the heat use as a plant nursery/greenhouse or some other auxiliary use. But that is way off in the future, if at all, that all you as an individual proponent can think do is make changes to reduce your own carbon footprint.
I've started to cycle more and more these days, I mean I did it before anyway, as its good daily exercise, but in the past 3-4 years I only put like 3-4k on my daily cars. Lots of other things, too, but I won't get into that here. 
@_date: 2018-06-10 03:31:11


They told him to keep a low profile after Shrem got out, but the Man just  'gotta flex' at every opportunity, doesn't he?
@_date: 2016-12-18 22:05:45
[Dario managed to get a few interviews,]( I imagine many would jump at the opportunity to vent and receive a meal in exchange; I don't want to make this a PR stunt, but the lack of reliable journalistic practices these past years is making me realize just how vital it is that we have these channels open, however, discomforting it may seem.
Most will see this a 'thing that happens over there' but has mentioned in another thread, its happening all over the World, just at different speeds. The untold amount of Human suffering and the complacency by the World's media outlets is sobering, but expected so its up to us to do what they refuse to.  
What is Abby Martin doing these days? She spent a lot of time in S. America with TeleSur, not trying to throw her socialist leanings in her face as that is quite honestly irrelevant at this time, more interested if she could join efforts. 
Anyone have a twitter account mind reaching out: 
@_date: 2016-12-19 09:19:17
My mistake, please do. 
But I'm curious what other than compressed/vacuum sealed bags of rice or other grains will be suitable for small packages; I'd say cured meats for weight: protein-fat ratio but I'm not sure if that's eaten there but it would travel well. Maybe some seeds to start a community garden?
@_date: 2016-12-19 08:50:48
But hasn't it already been established that they're being confiscated by customs/LEO if they contain those things? I mean I'm all for helping but its not beyond me to state the obvious that those who confiscate this material are likely to use it themselves, and I do not want to endorse the continued largess the State awards itself in these tyrannical regimes.
What i would suggest, given my background, is that you reach out to local farmers and set something that way directly, but I'm not sure if ALL of Venezuela's farm land has been entirely nationalized. In Greece when cash/euros became scarce they started to issue their own to circulate for goods and services back in 2009. Whether Bitcoin can fill that role is not for me to say, given the complexity of rolling it out, but its worth attempting to reach out to them as it can be sent with even sms technology if need be.
When I was in Germany one of my colleague's grandfather defied the Nazi party after his land was nationalized by having pigs hidden away in the Black Forest to feed his family, he said as the rations dwindled that is the only reason they survived the latter half of the war. Sobering, albeit useful anecdote to remember how resilient Humans really are.
@_date: 2016-12-20 21:38:47


Wasn't aware of that, but good to know.
Ideally his tx already went through, though; blocks still seem full, though. 
@_date: 2018-06-07 08:55:04
Nice one!
@_date: 2016-12-18 22:18:57
Sounds good, what is critical is to have people on the ground ready to be deployed asap. 
Any other ID confirmations? Do you know He has been mentioning having contacts with the Venezuelan BTC exchange, perhaps we can broker something as a one off to help as soon as possible. 
Will reach when I'm back on PC. 
@_date: 2016-12-18 21:40:17
So, do we have anyone on the ground ready to accept payment and source food/water and deliver them directly to people in need? With the level of necessity being so great where should we start location wise?
Are there any members in said network with a Xapo or similar card where they can exchange for goods/services asap?
I'm guessing this (past?) weekend must have put an immense strain on people so anywhere is likely to be just as good as another? 
Just waiting for confirmation (0.13 under priority) and provided a trusted member comes forward funds will be sent. 
@_date: 2019-08-22 11:33:28
Aside from being a recurring meme, why anyone bothers listening to this clown (or ver) after so many years of making it very clear they are incompetent is beyond me: why do you guys even bother?
@_date: 2019-08-26 09:42:47
Joerg is an OG, he had a decent turnout for what I think was one of the first, if not the first, LN dev meetups; I just hope he never cashed out and Room77 has already secured its future because of his early adoption.
@_date: 2016-12-18 02:28:43
~~I'd say given Theymos tendency to censor posts, it may be wise to consider down the road, but we're not doing anything in violation of their terms; they can still censor our posts or shadow ban.~~ 
But we're on the front page so still getting attention, but not enough to warrant anything yet (anyone interested in donating add your name to the list below and sum:
We cannot directly post a bitcoin address, so an article may be necessary. 
Lets see if we can get a hold of Natasia and use her media savvyness and her solutions. 
Edit: Theymos' stand-up post on this matter: 
@_date: 2019-08-20 01:12:17


Honestly, I have found that Bitcoin doesn't really make any sense if you just buy it online or from a BTM; you can do it, but it doesn't 'click' as its really cumbersome to acquire from fiat when not p2p. I found the best way is to go to a Meetup, ask to purchase a small amount (think $10) and interact with the members there. 
When you realize how this works at p2p level that is when your curiosity will be piqued you will then find yourself researching and devising the best-fit solution for you--OPSEC, storage, purchasing, selling are all subject to its particular use-case. 
Here is a good primer: 
@_date: 2019-08-06 06:01:00
Hey, Edward; thanks for the update, don't mind the negative posts. Actually, my dues are up later this year, so I'll consider paying for them in BTC when the time comes. 
Are you going to be doing a talk at this year's Mars Society Convention?
@_date: 2018-06-09 17:12:36


That's clearly a Model X, the two look nothing alike.
As for curves, its not \*that\* visually appealing in person, and only really stands out in a crowd of cars when the gullwings are open, then it really stands out; otherwise it looks like your basic cross\-over. 
The really cool part is lurking inside. 
@_date: 2019-08-22 11:28:18


I honestly don't think many people really overcame the swipe it mentality in the US; NFC tap/pay options are a mere novelty, and it wore pretty thinly.
A lot of the EU has those tap/pay chip enabled payment systems, and I saw them used, just not as often... it did not seem to become a new paradigm because of how true it is that most people are creatures of habit.
Looks like a cool POS, I've been waiting for Dorsey/CASH to roll something like this out to on-ramp all the Square customers, especially now that they sold Caviar to DD--hopefully they got some cash from that deal, in addition to stock.
@_date: 2018-06-27 06:59:50
BUIDL was not coined by Ethereum users, and I have seen this time and again; it was in fact it was first 'coined' back in 2015 by Balaji at the Bitcoin Silicon Valley Job Fair in Sunnyvale during his talk when 21. was still under-wraps. He went on to espouse the necessity to actually create new use-cases and bring crypto into Industries that had not yet considered or adopted them. Very pertinent now and then. (This was the highlight of the entire event for me and gave me more motivation to go back and 'BUIDL' myself, and subsequently ended up missing AA's talk later that day.)
I was in total agreement--this was a critical focus of my narrative when sharing this tech to the uninitiated since I had learned about it in 2011--then and even more-so now as I write this. I still cannot believe they pivoted to that email thing and then got Coinbase to buy it... odd things happen in the Valley all the time, but this was perhaps too odd. I always thought they mined, held the coins, and reported the profit from their position(s) and spent what ever they had left in staff and experimental stuff like the 21 computer to justify their r/D costs and expenses.
As for AA, he's been doing this for sometime now, so nothing more to say other than: keep at it, dude!
Good to see him calling out the trappings of events like consensus and all these other non-nonsensical events that have been co-opted by the 'blockchain(s) not crypto' narrative.
This was my favorite part of the interview, very Jeffersonian in tone but with Cypherpunk philosophy:


@_date: 2019-08-29 09:07:24


Haha, I was about to say the same thing; people have always told me I speak too fast, but mind works so much faster as I'm often flustered trying to catch up with him and I often have to repeat the video/talk to fully grasp what was said. Either way, I'm glad he has shared his time with us to do this.
Starkbot has gotten a lot better at it since she started in the BTC community, too.
@_date: 2016-12-20 19:19:36
Mycelium only lets you re-broadcast the transaction, you'd need a wallet that can do [CPFP]( tx like on Electrum to do what you're talking about; what was the fee, do you have the hash?
Provided its 10-15 cents or so you can expect it to be confirmed in the first 5 blocks or so, it just takes a while as the blocks are completely full right now. I was paying 17+ cents so it could be confirmed in the next block and it usually did. 
More info on CPFP: 
@_date: 2019-08-17 23:06:46
They get it. The kronoa still has the record for the worst hyperinflated currency (200% daily loss) in recorded History:
@_date: 2016-12-18 01:49:34
It is a sticky issue, which is why I'd say lets contact Natasia via Social media accounts (she hasnt used Reddit since that time in 2014 by the looks of it) and see if she could simply act as the intermediary escrow while funds are raised, once done they can be sent to your contact in Venezuela to distribute on the ground. 
Once complete he can simply provide images like Natasia did and perhaps include a break down of costs with receipts to ensure its legit and can continue operation. 
I mean I'd offer to act as the escrow holder, if Natasia is unavailable, if needed. But I can only offer my post history, which does have give-aways and tip-sprees I did in the past, not sure if that's enough to be 'trusted' though.
Sorry, I think I should clarify: is Nastasia Pustova the person behind the Maidan distribution in 2014 I posted.
Her FB account she provided: 
@_date: 2016-12-18 06:58:25
Sure, but I think the long-term goal would be to create a viable use-case and have them take it from there and adaptive it suit there respective needs; simply issuing donations never solves a problem, indvidual empowerment and innovative solutions are the most likely outcomes to reach a successful outcome. 
I can understand the quid-pro-quo incentive, especially since many people's names will likely appear on the IRS' CB list and reducing tax liability would be ideal for all involved, but its just not that easy. 
Fingers crossed someone does it, but I'd prefer to donate a sum I can afford and not seek anything else other than hoping it reaches those hapless [starving children forced into begging or prostitution]( at the hands of the grotesquely myopic State and its *economic policies* to curtail 'the mafia.' 
Edit: I'm down for the day, hopefully this gets a lot of attention, can we make it a sticky yet, Theymos?
Also paging he's a badass!
@_date: 2019-08-20 01:25:04


I despise BOA, and loathe Goldman Sachs (who have a trading platform) but them getting involved is their attempt at not just survival, but relevance. 
Several early-ish Bitcoin/crypto brain-drain came from Goldman Sachs or JP Morgan (the most notable being co--founder of Coinbase, and Blythe Masters).
@_date: 2016-12-18 06:32:04
I don't think a non-profit would work due to the time sensitive nature, the 100 bolivar bills are only redeemable for a short period of time, reports suggest Tuesday or Wednesday is the last day. And the Government just didn't show up on Friday, which led to the riots/protests.
I don't want to speak as though I'm on the ground, but having worked for a non-profit 501c3 its a lot more of a headache than you can imagine, and given that BTC involved expect a ton of audits. 
Essentials have been in short supply for some time: 
This is a worth while read, just put it into a translator:
@_date: 2018-06-01 10:15:49
Ahh, Laszlo; this guy will forever be the 'guy who lost it all' in Cryto folklore when in reality he proved that crypto actually had a use-case (used in exchange for food) beyond some mined or faucet acquired nerd money no one actually cared about. 
As for Satoshi, who knows or really cares anymore... for people who do care: I wonder why more of you weren't more interested in finding out who PineappleFund was or that one 'chick' who made Andreas a millionaire as their altruism was rather remarkable and their holdings quite substantial, albeit not equally so as Satoshi's. 
@_date: 2016-12-19 08:59:53
is a known troll; his imbecilic rantings are only effective if we ignore the fact that his aim is to stifle progress, rather than actually create useful discourse. 
Have you and Randy gotten in touch, btw? 
@_date: 2019-08-30 11:41:49
Oh, damn... haha. I haven't heard that name in a while, thanks for refreshing my memories. I can still see those guys trying to outrun the Croatian police by boat in my head. 
Honestly... Mars is my vote, it would encourage colonization of brave, tech savvy Humans, and bring about a new frontier expanding operation on a wide scale if it were to be fully embraced; plus it would ensure that Bitcoin will be the first multi-planetary currency which should honestly be a benchmark for the next decade(s). 
Elon just spoke at the AI conference in China and agreed with Jack Ma that Human population collapse is something that is on the horizon in the next 20 years on Earth; I personally think its more like an overall correction, but agree that once we establish our first outpost/Hab on Mars it will be time to ramp up the population to ensure a steady stream of colonizers, I'm pro-Human but until then I'm not sure its as big a threat as they say it is.  
As for Earth, I'd say its likely not going to happen until all nation-states are rendered obsolete as it'd just be a big honey-pot for most despotic nations trying to maintain their fiat system at all costs. Or maybe just a wandering one that changes every couple of months or so to ensure anonymity, its probable best to hide in plain sight? One that is supported by daily membership fees to enter and paid in BTC in or something along those lines... I'd go a few times just for the experience if it had a nightlife and a food scene, I'll offer to DJ some Nerdcore and darksynth and do a few pop-up kitchen events for a limited duration if it were to become a thing to be honest. 
In fact that's my vote for what should do with the rest of the funds raised from this subreddit, BTCtalk forum is like the never ending construction site, so lets just accept it looks like utter trash after all these years and use the funds for something that could move the goal post for Humanity instead.
@_date: 2019-08-20 01:00:18


Provided they have a low spread this may still be favourable; it may inhibit the ability for people to simply day-trade on the platform and instead will be more willing to be conscientious when they do withdraw to a private wallet.
Of course, this could go the other way and people will just never take their coins off the exchange and we have a Gox'ing in the making. 
With that said, given the recent news of Coinbase accepting upwards of 100s of millions of Institutional Money, it only makes sense they get in this space as their core business is prone to a ton of unnecessary complexity with varying payments systems (ACH/Swift etc...). I used Rakuten back in 2012, and while pricey, I understood the overhead they were taking on just trying to get my payment from my Visa debit card.
@_date: 2016-12-19 02:50:30
Exactly the reason why I left, the level of cancer no quality dropped significantly; but you cannot let that deter you, you have to do it regardless. 
Just got back and reading through posts, did Rdymac reach you, where are we in terms of people on the ground?
@_date: 2018-06-01 10:04:16


I think this division between *developed* and *non-developed* countries needs to be identified as such; the term 'first' and 'third world' has little to do with the aforementioned current socio-economic standing in the World and more due to absurd 'communist political aggregation' from the 50's as you have alluded to.
Also, I can attest to the resilience and adaptability of the impoverished; while certainly lacking in many things they can, in my experience, certainly learn quick if it means food arrives in belly and a roof is kept over their collective heads.   
And while the misery index being a barometer for adoption is not how I'd like Bitcoin or crypto to spread in an ideal case, it certainly has a propensity to resonate with those who need it most; hyper-inflation and food shortages are perhaps the best way to make this all make sense really quick: eg Ukraine 2014, and Venezuela 2016.
@_date: 2019-10-06 02:51:36


While I'd normally agree, mainly as street protests don't lead to much in terms of over all change and can often make things worse; however, Hong Kong youth are not just fighting a financial war, they're fighting for their Rights and Nation's sovereignty against a totalitarian regime with a PRC puppet government, as well as an ever growing wealth gap imposed to them by Beijing. Many local tycoons are intertwined with party of the PRC in many business ventures in Hong Kong, real estate being the most notable but there are others. 
The older generation was complicit in allowing this to occur, as they stood the most to gain, but since that economic growth after the 90s transition ran out of steam the cracks in the wall became obvious. 
To be honest, I'm actually proud of the HK citizens taking the risk they have to push back against to a totalitarian State. People need to realize that the plight of most of the nations in the greater China policy are not in favour of the situation, yet have to comply in order to try and survive; now that this is no longer an option, it just makes sense to they'd resist.  
As for as education, there were a few meetups that I saw over the years, but nothing looks to have really appealed to them. Most people from highly developed nations seldom do, and HK is one of the most expensive places to live on Earth.
@_date: 2019-08-26 06:55:21


While good, it has its limitations; ever since they offered sending btc out their KYC/AML laws got really tight and they started shutting down accounts on the mere suspicion someone is day trading. I was an early adopter and I saw the sudden change.
@_date: 2016-12-18 01:02:06
If you're serious, we did this in 2014 during the Ukrainian protests in Kiev:
Essentially what occurred is what you'd imagine, a member of the community acted in good faith an accepted the funds sent to distribute on the ground (she was actually in Poland but had people on the ground); once the funds were converted onto a credir card (during capital controls no less) they purchased essentials: food, shoes, walky-talkys, generator for make-shift hospitals. 
The fact that you lived there and may know a 'trust-worthy' person/people there is half the battle. 
I'm in for $20 if we can put it all together, in fact I'm back to posting in Reddit only because this could occur despite vowing to not do so after Reddit's nazi rules and r/bitcoin turing to 85% cancer. 
I don't have social media, but maybe Natasia could help give some insight, I have her social media accounts; not sure what happen to Vicktor. PM me in the next hour if you're serious. 
@_date: 2018-06-07 09:06:37
Stay away from modern Nissan's that aren't a Leaf, Z, GTR, Titan or Armada; they really have taken too much from Renault in the past 7-12 years. A Rouge has to be the biggest pile of crap I have ever seen, they're held together by the flimsiest arms and joints I have ever seen, a Sentra is essentially a Clio and the rust... I saw a 2017 Maxima, in 2017, with so much surface rust I couldn't believe it only had 12k miles. 
Even Infinitis have are being built to fleet car standard these days, I really despise Carlos Ghosn for what he has done to the reliable working man's car options: Sentra/Maxima/Altima. 
Those were amazingly reliable when they were built in Japan. I saw a 4DSC 5 speed badged Maxima from 92 with 220k on the odometer and only needed new rotors/pads and an oil change; the thing was idling like it was new, no weird surges. 
Honestly, Toyota is the better buy these days for 'bomb proof' cars and this is from a Die-Hard Nissan fan boy.
@_date: 2019-10-09 18:25:18
She is in this last State of the Onion talk at the CCC with Jacob talking about the project: 
I won't tarnish Jacob's name, as I think he is innocent, until proven otherwise--this is the same tactic used on Julian which got him where he is now. So use her name and start doing some legwork on your own. 
I'm willing to give the woman her credibility up until that speech, but I haven't heard anything since the removal of Jacob and it could have been a ploy to get her involved and have Jacob ostracized from the community. 
JAcob also announced he was putting TOR nodes in Museum(s) for culture and arts, that was kind of cool, too.
@_date: 2019-08-17 21:34:50
I'm on mobile right now, so couldn't find links of this going on for most of the 2010s, but could you share some? 
But this is important to understand, the new emerging Middle Class in China needs to to have a crash course in understanding that that their higher standards of living have an immense cost, and that the seaseme credit system is the inevitable goal. 
It will in turn only strengthen the political class, Xiping is essentially a despot for life there now; the PRC really is the new Cyberoptic wet dream the Soviet Union was too early to achieve.
@_date: 2016-12-18 01:40:43
Well, we know Natasia is sound; not sure if she'd be up for acting as an escrow, but again the trouble is more the team on the ground; those Isrealis (led by a member here called Erogan or something along those lines) took a bunch of BTC with the proposed intent to help and never did anything with it to help Kiev at a time of great need. They contacted Natasia to help with their PR stunt, but she had none of it. 
I asked him what happen to it and was told he didn't know and had 'look into it' when the coins were still in the same wallet at the time. You can look through my post history to verify.
@_date: 2019-08-30 01:54:40
Keep away from adderall if that is the case, seriously. I saw too many on that stuff during my undergrad, it seems like a useful tool at first but it will have dire consequences when you try to function without it. We all looked like zombies during finals week, but those guys looked like they picked themselves out of the dumpster and shook themselves off before showing up to class/lab. They looked a lot like junkies. 
Flow-state can be achieved without substances, I personally had a foray with opioids in order to keep me in that state for studying, its not sustainable even if you go cold turkey or try to 'microdose' (your tolerance can go up way higher with even small/occasional use) like I used to after finals. That stuff is literal poison. Psychedilcs has a way better propensity for that in my view.
@_date: 2019-10-07 06:53:43




Jesus fuck... that is so dark. Its not that a cyberpunk dystopia is something to fear that may occur, its something that already has occured.
@_date: 2019-10-28 05:14:25
Agreed. There are very limited applications, including alts, that make proper use of this tech in any meaningful way. 
BTC has such gravitas that it has been subsidizing renewable energy for a great part of it's 10 year History.
@_date: 2019-08-22 12:54:23
I called it when that university in Cyprus had a graduate program that this would eventually become norm within the next 5-6 years. Lots of Ivy leagues followed suit, but the state schools idn't adopt as soon as they would. I then saw CU Boulder offering a blockchain class alongside AI/Deep learning/Neural netowrk/Robots/Cybersecurity, and I was wondering when the CSU/UC system would join in . 
Interesting times.
@_date: 2019-08-30 02:07:43


I never been compelled to say this but... 'Name checks out.'
@_date: 2019-08-17 21:25:04


This. This is why they keep 'banning' it, the biggest irony being that the political class there are known to be the biggest perpetrators of this when they become wealthy enough to do so, this \[1\] was in 2014 when the Market was way better than it is now an d the yuan keeps getting devalued:


1: [
\&gt; But you still can't buy bitcoin if your bank account is locked to $1k.
What? You can buy any amount you need, if you have access to it. Buying Euros before she left China might be wiser, albeit far fro,m practical though. This is all starting to seem like Iceland post 2008.
@_date: 2019-08-15 07:53:20


Sounds too much like Africom, for my taste:
@_date: 2019-08-29 08:14:08


Both are closet statists with weak convictions and lazy conclusions about what the State actually is, and thus delusional about some panacea of a 'limited government.' 
It doesn't exist, nor will it ever. 
In my opinion most are just seeking a means to acquire State power to benefit them and further their own interests.
@_date: 2017-08-11 22:23:27
Production value was on point, it was like watching an Asian version of Hustle. 
It ran long, in certain ways, but that could also be because I don't understand Vietnamese, too. So the dialogue was entirely lost on me, if you find subs let me know. I'd like to finish it. 
[Also, &lt;3 Suboi... so there is that.](
@_date: 2016-12-18 02:00:16
She is, she handled herself commendably in 2014. Its currently 4am in Ukraine, and 3 in Poland, so just consider that. 
If she needs a brush up I'll offer to bring her up to speed on anything she may need. PM me her email or any non-social media contact info where I can reach her, ask her if she can come back to Reddit for a small stint if she still has her credentials. 
Cool, let me know what happens. 
@_date: 2019-08-23 07:42:45
I need a primer on schnorr and atomic swaps, care to give me and anyone reading this a brief overview to support your argument as well as any relevant media/content which would help for further independent research? Thanks!
@_date: 2019-10-08 22:42:57


I remember when this was all the rage, she said in an interview that She and her father would have conversations regarding these topics... And while I want to give her the benefit of the doubt, as she is very clearly intelligent, grasping even 5% of the topics covered is unlikely. Maybe that's changed since then, but even so its very difficult to go amass that much information while going to mandated schooling and not lose your sanity doing so. (I think people negate how emotionally distressful this is, because misery porn has become so ubiquitous.)
It's more likely she has a very brief overview of the topics covered, and has some decent oratory skills--I personally was honing my skills in public speaking like this at 12 myself. I was self taught, but I began reading philosophy at that age and I realized oratory is a critical component that is neglected in modern 'schooling.' Its still odd to see a grown adult unable to get in from of a crowd and speak without a ton of anxiety to me, its like seeing the Human version of training wheels, and that they made it this far and only to never bother to take them off.
Anyhow, it's still impressive, but if you ask her to break down the implications of the fractional reserve banking system and the insolvency of the FDIC back in 2008 she probably couldn't tell you much, if anything, without being coached and allowed to research it first and even then it would be in something like a debate format rather than first hand experience.
Which as you said, if you had lived through that, it creates a great deal of anxiety and fear, and for some of us PTSD.
Sidenote: Her speech sounds super rehearsed, like the tonality is one of repetitive behaviour rather than free-flow of ideas, her breathing indicates it too. Something about her eyes does too, but I often avoid direct eye contact with my audience unless I absolutely am honing on a specific point of reference/audience member I'm trying to elicit a response from so that may just be a style thing. 
It usually results in them coming up to me afterward 80-90% of the time.
@_date: 2019-08-19 06:52:17


The name varied, because they used a korona, but you're right it had transitioned to the pengo by then when it hyperinflated in 45-46.
But to call it a forint isn't right either, that wasn't introduced until after 46 when the hyperinflation had hit its ATH.
Either way, semantics aside, my point was to stress that as a populace they must be well aware of the travesty of hyperinflation as their grandparents were likely survivors of it and can see the value of bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-10-28 05:02:07
I've spent time with the 'Enterprise' types trying to shoe-horn their way into this space and its abysmal trying to take them serious when they try to use their old ways of doing things in the hope they can ride the hype train and cash in. I really tried my best to laugh so hard I'd be asked to leave the room everytime I heard the words 'private blockchain' and 'solution' used in the same breath. It was... challenging. 
What was harder to explain was when they actually closed and on-boarded accounts with that narrative. Granted most were banks, who think they found some panacea to allow them to pretend and extend while facing an imminent, existential threat.
Had they simply decided to find capital to silently take a significant stake and position in the currency (think $10+ million @ \~3k) and maybe mine they'd be way better off than 90% of all startups/companys that have ever been started in ROI; look at 21, they really made all the right moves from a finance POV--that email thing was weird, but supposedly made money some how, so I guess it worked, too.
@_date: 2019-10-08 21:55:47
Say what you will about Abby's  misguided politics, but she was more a part of this movement in the early days than most here will ever be.
She gave lots of early Bitcoiners a platform to speak and reach out to others who, if they watched RT back then, were only exposed to your fucking loons like Max Kaiser. Later, Julian Assange's show would be another segue into it with the Cypherpunk show they had. And that Laurnen lyster chick did some segments, too. But she didn't really 'get it,' that much was obvious.
Personally, I had already gone down my 'rabbit hole' by then and went 'all in' as it were and had already things set in motion, but the Cypherpunk show on RT and Abby's Breaking the Set were my go-to to show other's who were tech savvy and crypto-curious why the tech mattered the most.
@_date: 2019-08-17 22:05:20


Maybe you remember this then?
Bank runs aren't exactly as effective as people make them out to be, much less in the 21st century. Yes, I'm well aware that fractional reserve banking is abhorrent, but it doesn't yield what you want so why do it and needlessly risk having your identity exposed to a government complicit in having triad gangs effectively curb any local dissent?
Hong Kong is a financial hub, the youth are tech savvy, and many know about bitcoin; so a local movement has to emerge in order to take a project like that on.
@_date: 2016-12-19 08:21:08
Best of luck, dude! Thanks again and keep us updated. We should really have sticky these ongoing events as progress is made. 
@_date: 2019-10-27 22:46:55
top kek
@_date: 2019-10-27 19:56:21
Beyond the favourable hyberbole, and hype from this statement


What evidence of this is there? The CCP has their hands tied with Hong Kong right now, a country trying to claw back some semblance of autonomy after countless amounts of Human Rights abuse. 
How exactly is tech as disruptive as 'Blockchain' in-line with their command and control policy?
Edit: This is the source, but far from being elated, I'm considering the vary many malicious use-cases for this, particularly the weak privacy we have been operating on with layer 1 which makes blockchain analytics so easy.
@_date: 2019-08-23 06:21:34


We've been here before, tainting coins does nothing but make them incapable of being directly sold on US/EU/AU based exchanges. 
The truth is coinjoin/mixing protocols were made for this and should be at the base layer by now as this will continue to happen. 
Since we already have a solution to that, what we should really place the focus on is the fucking ability for Fincen and OFAC to make a case on this claim, and how its fucking absurd:


No, that was merely the Free Market adding another agent in the manufacturing/distribution of a class of drug(s) that was oversubscribed by physicians onto patients, peddled through the sanctioned Hospitals, pharmacies and Medical system in the US who created the opioid crisis and the subsequent addictions. 
A system that is both regulated and administered by the US government via the AMA and its grossly corrupt licensure system and its obvious cozy relationship with Big Pharama. All of whom possess bank accounts in most major banks in the US. 
At worst, these guys merely cut into the profits of Perdue Pharama et al... 
So, no: Fuck you, FinCEN/OFAC go put chiefs of medicine and CEOs of big pharmaceutical corps in jail if you really want to make actual use of the Law for this epidemic and widespread misery. 
I always said, a Joe Jimenez is scarier than all the Pablo Escobars and El Chapos of the World put together, the former can send entire Nations to endless Wars abroad and use their respective branches of 'Law Enforcement' to go after Silk Road sellers/admins and give them Life in prison at home to ensure their monopolies. This holds true even when their very own agents succomb to theft/extortion/corruption while on said investigation and get a slap on the wrist. 
[On top of that these CEOs knew very well their drugs are highly addictive, and dangerous but understand that they can ultimately game the Legal system and exonerate themselves from these crimes](
What a sick and twisted World this can be sometimes.


The jokes on them, they already lost if that's their position: it was already better than any Swiss Bank account ever was when it was created and its only gotten better since 2009 and will continue to evolve. 
The Wasabi Team needs to be commended for their work on privacy we really need this to be a default feature at the base layer, and do away with all this pointless Ver/Faketoshi BS distraction.
@_date: 2019-08-17 23:03:05


The creator of the Bar is a lucky man, his girlfriend allowed him to create a Bitcoin themed bar! And here we try to commend our gf/wife because they make us a Bitcoin cake... 


Please do, and consider posting it on Medium or something; I'd prefer the UX POV of someone actually familiar with the tech. 
Persoanlly speaking, BTMs are one of my least favorite aspects of the on-boarding experience to BTC, it often makes me think twice of the practical viability of it, but its what is emerging and we have to take every opportunity we can since its now mainstream. 
Its so much easier to have something like Cash and transfer out, but that assumes you are already initiated.
@_date: 2018-06-09 17:36:17
Fake plastic grills? What cars don't have plastic grills these days; to my eyes most modern cars all look the same, too. That Maxima from 2017 looked like a weird Audi/GM thing with Nissan badging, what an awful car...
Depends on what you mean by 'power,' personally speaking I'd get a low mile 06\-09 LS460 over just about anything that has been made in the last 10 years if Power, Comfort, Reliability was my only concern. Gas prices suck on a V8 if you daily it though, I speak from experience. And parts are rare and expensive for Lexus' if you decide to turn a wrench on it yourself.
Practically speaking: a low mile Hybrid Camry or Leaf if your commute is short would still put a smile on your face when you're able to have more cash for BTC.
@_date: 2019-08-23 10:13:34
Click bait title = Clicks (which means ad revenue.)
Sensationalist journalism is what has become of one of the few professions the US Bill of Rights specifically sought to protect.
Its no wonder that paper media died out, but a part of me wonders if we will ever get independent journalism to be a sustainable (read: profitable) profession. Content creators have tons of avenues for funding, but are often incapable of even getting their work recognized in this SEO laden, Google curated World full of non-nonsensical titles and rehashed buzzword filled articles meant to foment fear and anger amongst one another.
Say what you will about her (misguided) political views, but journalists like Abbey Martin are badass Humans. Those RT girls that went to Greece during the Crisis were also fucking rad, as were those on the ground during the Maidan.
Oh, I forgot; Nuclear is for Mars colonization, so these guys need to get with it as this will remain where the bar was set in terms of most creative way to mine for BTC: [
@_date: 2019-08-29 08:10:34
Its perhaps the most lucrative form of Reality TV/Gameshow/Circus in modern Western Society, wherein the 'winner' is given the largest platform to Market themselves for bribes in the form of contributions and openly engage in cronyism/nepotism with impunity and exhibit just about every form of imbecilic behaviour to distract the masses from the crippling Economy and decaying Environment. Its a tormenting experience just writing a synopsis of it, how anyone would willingly torment themselves following it is beyond me. 
Its an absurd cycle that I had hope(d) Mankind would have finally evolved past by now, and yet we currently have an uglier Kardashin in office tweeting 24/7.
I sometimes wonder what possesses people to even engage with this non-sense. but then I realize(d) that social media thrives in creating unfettered controversy and malignant discord in order to keep its user-base engaged, they've gotten it down to a Science; the same applies to politics and politicking.
Its like the modern equivalent of the two minute of hate thing in 1984, but now its 24/7 and fomented by Corporate owned Television and Social media for a greater penetration rate into people's psyche.
With that said, I hope Yang goes far and continues with that narrative.
@_date: 2019-10-06 02:24:00
Maybe not exactly the same thing, but consider the most recent event where the Government shut down and Federal workers were not being paid by the State. And how they had to resort to using food banks, and relying on charity almost immediately--despite having MUCH HIGHER SALARIES than your average private sector employees--what astonishes me is how these people are not seen as parasites on the very system we oppose is beyond me, yet they regard people on social safety nets as leeches.
And also the IOUs issued in the past.
Its different flavours of the same poison, it should be a means for global solidarity and understanding of the financial disaster that has been wrought by Central Banks, but I fear this will just be dismissed in a frenzy of media sensationalized distraction(s).
@_date: 2019-10-09 06:16:32
Really? They said the same about sms when they tried taking that down, and look what they did last time: [
The truth is that we do need more Blockstream sat nodes, and one should be donated to them to assemble.
At least this destruction is targeted at the Businesses that the CCP has control over, this isn't abject or wanton destruction from people just wanting to 'watch the World burn,' but rather a deliberate message to the PRC that they passed a threshold and their is no going back now so they're going after what they hold highest in regard: their money.
@_date: 2019-08-17 21:51:35


Why do you think SpaceX is pushing as hard as it is for constellation. The need for an ISP-less internet connection is much dire than most are willing to accept. Meshnets provided another failsafe to an extent, but low latency/high speed data streams need to be in place if Society doesn't descend into the chaos you're alluding to, one in which I personally think Bitcoin cannot just survive in but will actually have the redundancies/contingencies (blockstream satelite etc...) in place to excel where most other currencies cannot.
@_date: 2019-08-06 06:03:43
I find it far less cumbersome to use change in a self-checkout than handing it to a Human to be honest... but that's just a personal preference I suppose. I've dropped like $12 in quarters that I would otherwise not consider using until I went back to the arcade where I got them if it weren't for a self checkout option.
@_date: 2019-08-14 14:20:44
Glad to hear it, but honestly I have limited time off from work and decided to take a few days to come to SoCal this month, instead of saving it for the convention. However, I just reached out to Shannon to work at the MDRS Hab in Utah. You guys should consider making out to that as the 'after party' and we can nerd out there!
PM me we should talk further!
@_date: 2016-12-19 18:20:20


Isn't that contempt of court in most arraignments and court proceedings?
So, lets see, the last two IMF chiefs with their illustrious careers (criminal records) were those who when not involved in financial scandals were embroiled in sexual/rape scandals? 
Kind of foreshadowing considering the IMF's policy around the World.
@_date: 2019-10-09 03:32:52


That's chump change to major retailers for a POS, with standalone payment processing especially with built in LN support it could eventually pay for itself in short time if you're dealing with financial censorship and high enough volume. Also you could just outsource a monthly subscription for tech support for who ever installs it--I had a similar role in my startup as a founder, which meant CTO/Account Exec/Manager. (Actually Casa offers it with their membership.)
Personal anecdote: my customers were moving thousands of dollars in single txs, with B2B stuff, so this solves several key issues with the mechanics at least.
You fancy yourself some tech savvy person, so it should be clear that this isn't for you, so go build one yourself; for others with more discretionary funds for their operation, and business and are constrained with limited time, this falls well within an acceptable price point. 
Also, its $300 if you buy now if you read the article.
Essentially, the point that you're missing is we're no longer in the 'look at me, I can do it all' crypto-nerd phase of adoption anymore--believe me, I know... I was there, so 'been there, done that.' 
It was fun, and you missed the boat for your 2 mins of fame/glory, though. 
This helps onboard non-tech inclined people with a turn key solution for a modest price, hopefully, in its next iteration and more funding they can live up to what 21 was supposed to be.
So, that's why the upvotes.
@_date: 2019-10-06 03:37:00
Great, in your opinion, what is the greatest challenge in ensuring the 5 points are met, specifically with regards to Universal Suffrage.
How is the media portraying the 2 systems 'solution' moving forward. 
And what if anything has kept Lam in power other than the decree given to her at the behest of the PRC?
With the overt abuse of Power by the Police how will the citizens ever regain Trust with the local force in your personal view, were there any credible sources validating that the triads were involved in the train beatings earlier this year, or were they simply undercover police as was suggested by some sources. 
Lastly, as a person somewhat interested in Bitcoin, I don't know to what degree, but you are here: what is the most fundamental flaw in its current form in Hong Kong? You mentioned difficulty in the on/off ramps from fiat to BTC, and vice versa, right? Can you specify exactly what that entails?
Note: I've read through some of your posts, and I'm willing to give you the benefit of the doubt when it comes to objectivity, please do not disappoint me and anyone else trying to better grasp this situation.
@_date: 2016-12-18 06:21:37
Theymos, 
I'll be the first to say I'm glad to stand corrected on your position on this sub and how you would react regarding this matter; I will gladly retract what i have said and say this is a stand-up thing for you to propose to the community.
With that said, and [I have been trying to make this happen.']( I'd still prefer that [Nastasia handle the funds rather than anyone else at this point, simply because she handled the Ukrainian situation]( as well as she did and the fact that she proved herself to be a valuable asset to the community who has since not been seen.
I've committed $20 in BTC, which I know isn't much but [hopefully helps reach family's from having to give away their children due to hyperinflation and food insecurity.]( 
Once again, good on you, Theymos.
Context:  
@_date: 2019-10-06 07:42:30
ZH is the most sensationalist outlet for misery porn these days, it seems just because they mention BTC we;re supposed to be complicit with their practices?
I'm not saying I understand all of it, in fact I've spent most of my evening trying to dismantle it as I have been watching those since early Summer as I recall the Umbrella Revolution back in 2014 quite acutely, but the truth is HK is in the dark ages in terms of Fintech it seems, despite its reputation in the financial World.


Quite the opposite, they are in mass revolt to ensure they don't fall prey to the living conditions most of the World have resigned themselves to. Maybe you are not aware, but that is is litterly the most expensive place to live on Earth, the land cannot be owned by anyone by the Government, and they allot it fir 50 years to major multi-national corps (many from mainland China) and charge upwards of 50x of wages for a home.
This is the norm in Hong Kong for the youth:
Hong Kong is a real example of a Cyberpunk dystopia, masked with some consumer utopia veneer for the rich, which makes it even more scary; but the truth is its really a fucking dark place for most of the population. And they learned from 2014 as to how fast they will crack down on civil unrest.
The youth in particular are showing a remarkable amount of temerity, because while most of those around the World that are their age are glued to some ADHD sounding social media 'influencer,' these guys are trying to fight for their Future and taking it to the streets if need be.
You say you feel bad for them, but the Truth is I pity all of those who don't, or haven't, acted in similar suit. Things are very clearly dire in the World and require the efforts of everyone.
And no, someone HODL'ing $22 dollars in Bitcoin and staring at charts doesn't count.
@_date: 2016-12-19 08:19:39


Rad, I'm ready to send my donation to you Randy; you are likely to make the most use of it. I'm having to catch up with work stuff for the next 48 hours or so, so I have confidence that you will use it to the best of your ability as you seem like a community leader in Venezuela and well suited to carry it out. (I'll gladly join the network after that under a pseudonym.)
PM me your btc address.


Granted, but I respect her journalistic integrity, such that if she spoke out to Putin's supposed threats when she was on RT I feel she would do so again if she saw a need, and after seeing this footage and the likelyhood of it being the norm moving forward, clearly something has to be done even if not her directly but her contacts on the ground: 
@_date: 2019-08-20 01:03:20


Were you using them before they limited themselves to Canada only? I really wanted it to work, the NFC feature was actually really rad, but the bugs and headaches from just getting the card to transfer my funds to be not worth using it for daily use--its ultimately centralized and never really worth anything but to make a BTC - Fiat off-ramp.
@_date: 2019-10-08 22:27:17
Actually Greta is really amazing, as is this girl; the difference being that Greta can get spots at Davos and the UN.
To be honest, Gen Z needs to be on boarded asap, and as an environmentalist with a background in Biology as well as sustainable Energy/Auto/Ag I wouldn't mind outlining the points that make it not just the most sound and trust worthy form of currency running on the most secure netowrk, but also as we have seen in last year's research paper, its actually the most environmental: as its essentially advancing renewable energy sources as it is creating an incentive structure and being powered by 80% renewable energy.  Something no other tech let alone Nation State based fiat system can say.
I would also point to her the narrative of Greenhouse emissions is nothing short of a race between current and former Empires building and maintaining their realms of influence and economic might around the World: US DoD and PRC/CCP Industrialization and catastrophic use of fossil and nuclear based energy to rapidly Industrialize at all costs and its soft colonization in Africa.
The State is the crux of the issue, places like Chile, Denmark and Iceland cannot be overlooked in the equation but their achievements are on the extreme fringe, most Nation States can and do commit Ecocide, as do large Corps, but the former often is never indicted for the crime as it has decreed itself Sovereign an exempt of criminal punishment and negligence.
@_date: 2019-10-06 05:33:02


On a practical level, that just impedes the overall UX where, while dire, only those willing to go to about this with extreme levels of motivation will ever make use of it. 
Consider this flowchart: BOL --&gt; Tx Fee --&gt; USD --&gt; Tx Fee --&gt; BTC
5 steps to get to where they need to, with fees all along the way, is almost a non-starter for anyone but the initiated trying to prove a point. 
I hope it works, as the crashing Bolivar is causing wide spread Human misery, but the reality is that when not used on a P2P level its just as convoluted as any Fiat option. 
I don't have an answer, as no one but a person willing to take a massive loss would even consider taking Bolivars for BTC.
@_date: 2019-10-27 22:09:50


Done both as well, and I've driven the entire (modern) Tesla line-up, and I'm glad the 3 is used.
Its the one car that I didn't have to build myself that just begged me to keep driving it. I drove 760 miles in less than 9 hours, I had access to the supercharger (for a fee) and did 3 charges so maybe really just 6 or so actual hours of driving it. 
The Performance Model 3 was so much fun, I seriously drew parallels to crypto in its early days:  difficult to understand, clunky UX and design, and full of crazy people. 
I fell in love with it and didn't want to give it back to its owner. I'd consider buying one once the price comes down after all deliveries are made and they get AP2/full autonomous driving down in base models in the future.
@_date: 2019-10-07 20:51:52
I personally think resisting these atrocities cease being crimes when a person's fundamental Human Rights are taken, and acting in defiance becomes the only recourse in the face of abject tyranny. That's a very Western ideology, one that's its very civilization is built upon but one I will admit has since been eroded and lost in most of the West as well. I think this is what distinguishes Eastern and Western culture and philosophy the most.
I think the 'legal' system has proven itself to be illegitimate and revolt has been made inevitable since the first Umbrella revolution in 2014. The horrid living conditions of the youth/elderly poor, and economic stagnation and unemployment just fuel the fire. In many ways, I think this looks more like Greece 2008 than anything since then, and I'm proud to say that I feel direct solidarity for the young citizens who with a great deal of courage have decided to undertake this and feel their shouts for a 'Free Hong Kong' deeper than words can convey.  
You say 'we,' so I presume you too have taken action on these matters in protest? Do you have any first hand experience with this situation from that level?
I wish them well, and hope that we can use this technology to further encourage Freedom Fighters to have access to financial services even when denied or having them survialed as an act of intimidation from the State.
Personal observation: Taiwan is next to revolt against the CCP.
@_date: 2019-06-11 06:28:16
If this is priced at or below the Casa node price point, I think this could be a big advance in LN adoption and a good way to convince merchants to have a POS system they can rely on and creating a more robust Network as it also functions as a Bitcoin (full?) node. 
I'll probably get one to play around with it to see how it all works.
@_date: 2016-12-18 21:51:14


Never underestimate the incompetence of bureaucracy, they may seem omnipotent from the surface, but once you delve into its mechanics you will see that it is mainly comprised of imbeciles, useful idiots, and short-sighted sociopaths. None likely to delve into such matters unless they are either directly instructed to and provided it doesn't interfere with their daily routines. 
With that said, I'd prefer it remain as such, cloaking yourself by placing yourself in open view is perhaps the best way to remain operational. 
@_date: 2019-10-04 18:31:21
That's unfortunate for the owners of this fire... But I can't help but be astonished that we created a technology and network that we can monitor with such great analytics and can correlate this event with a decrease in hash rate on the network in real time to validate its likelihood of having occurred.
Imagine how that'd even be possible in the fiat World with banks or central banks. 
We've built a seriously ingenious network.
@_date: 2019-10-15 21:07:24
While amazing when you really think back to how this all started, this is/has now become par for the course as the tech matured; Bitcoin (mining) has essentially been subsidizing a large amount of investment into renewable energy around the World.
Here is a documentary from last year of one in the E. Coast in NJ:
The Whitepaper showing how the Network is essentially running on +80% renewable energy done last year:
As a community we need to get the UX and security thing down, because I think 'the masses' are ready to not just listen but outright adopt. Education here is critical, but having undertaken a challenge like this before, I know its possible.
Having been an environmental activist and proponent of sustainability I always felt this tech was the ideal choice for non Nation-State based societies, the question was always: when?
So, with People like Greta Thunberg and Extinction Rebellion, and the Umbrella Revolution II on the rise (thankfully!) now is the time for us to present our message for the way finance should be done, but also prove that it was environmentally suited to do so far beyond any other alternative. To me that has always been a critical attribute, though we can also do much more in that respect.
Believe me: this narrative is not going anywhere, these kids should be pissed off, and now their are actions to back it all up.
Now that we have our scaling issues mostly sorted its now time to think what non-tech, but passionate and motivated, people would need to make this their currency of choice.
@_date: 2019-10-28 21:33:56
This is also known as Hyper-Bitcoinization, the issue, amongst many others I won't outline here, is the messy transition to this state from the Fiat based one. 
Its going to be a fucking tragic World in the interim as we do it, but the fiat World is a cancer on Humanity and on the Planet, and we have to grow through this to be cured of a metastatic cancer plaguing the Earth.
My main problem is when it comes to long-term projects; how will this impact nations with Aerospace challenges that are measured not in political cycles but in decades, if not centuries? 
Things like Mars Colonization are not bought or sold on the idea of a World with decentralized Currencies being the norm, though that may be the intended, goal... but rather, one of a National Space Race, and if Governments cannot or will not fulfill that role, I think we may return to the Dark Ages of non-progress in that respect despite having made so much progress in such a a short time: its starting to be within our grasp. 
I wish we were adept enough to do it anyway, but I'm not in favour of this occurring until we get a Human settlement on Mars.
@_date: 2019-08-29 10:19:38


Lets get this perfectly clear:
Logic, as you say, is uniquely absent when it comes to Human conduct when it functions within Identity Politics and subsequently the Human folly when it seeks to consolidate Wealth or Power. That much is clear throughout Modern Human History, and its a recurring theme most never seem to learn from.
The Human condition is very basic and predictable when you observe its core directives, survival being its chief mode of operation will make the most well intentioned person rationalize some of the most atrocious acts if it it ensures their survival. I have heard first person anecdotes of people who survived WWII and some of the subsequent genocides that came after it, despite the narrative Jews were not the only ones targeted mind you, and they all speak of the same horrors that always follow after the Fabric of Society (illusion) is torn before their very eyes.
You can say whatever you want about the transition of the theoretical 'enlightened ones,'  but most Libertarians will always side more within the Left or Right paradigm (false dichotomy) then they ever will with Anarchists: Why?
They still want the State to intervene where they see fit, Anarchists want to do away with the very notion of the State--and we see most of Human misery deriving from it.
We as Anarchists may ultimately differ in how we go about it, and that's fine as I'm all for experimentation, but I have worked and lived amongst Anarcho-communists/socialists (as an 'AnCap') and despite my opinion(s) on their misguided ideals of said social mechanics, we have more in common then we ever could with a so-called Limited Government touting 'Libertarian.'
Sidenote: I was one of the few anarchists within the 2007-08 Campaign for Liberty, I have seen your types up close and personal. I stand by my argument then and now.
@_date: 2019-10-27 22:44:09
Depending on what and how you live, 1500 quid after taxes will only allow for so much savings (assuming that's monthly income) so, I'd drop 3300 and leave the rest to offset expenses in the future, allowing you to do the DCA strategy.
Saving a tenner here and some more later gets harder as you will encounter non-foreseeable living expense, so its best to have close to 1/2 your savings on hand if need be.
1 BTC is totally do-able with DCA, it just requires patience and discipline. At 6 months I'd re-evaluate your position by determining what your goals are are in relation to your expenses/savings, and do that until you get to what you want.
Cool tool to play with and give feedback with in order to project your outlay:
@_date: 2019-10-06 02:18:13
It has led a chain of events wherein many countries in Europe it is now illegal to do a cash transaction in sums that were once regarded as typical, like those or a scooter, or a motorcycle. Its only gotten worse. 
Financial censorship for the average citizen is the end result of a great deal of manipulation and fraud, which was subsequently subsidized by the very Citizens they exploit by the Banking/Political Class.
India has a well established caste system, they are probably likely to justify this as a means to ay for past sins or some BS when in reality its just the same non-sense.
@_date: 2019-10-06 07:25:08
For a guy that made such big claims of being moments from closing Kroger, he really doesn't have much to say about that these days, and he seems to have spent more time on MSM saying vapid things since then. We don't need more Media personalities trying to score good soundbites, we need solutions and integration onto Layer 2.  
This statement alone is incredibly pointless, the US Treasury tokenizing the USD makes no sense, the Petro and such are just exactly what you'd expect from such an undertaking. 
No one uses it, and it will be a waste of time as its still functioning within that paradigm. The displacement of nation-state based Fiat is the goal, not trying to transition it one form to another because that is just some fetishization of this tech without understanding what its goal actually is: Crypto-Anarachy.
@_date: 2019-10-09 18:27:57
Let them try, those things can be made really easily with basic satelites and some off the shelf hardware and a laptop. 
Its been done before with Pirate radio, so I think this being far more dire it could be done more effectively; besides they camouflage really well in urban areas. I'm all for street demos at first, but you only get so far with that and a longer term form resistance needs to be thought of to obtain sovereignty and independence from the CCP. 
Taiwan should be getting suited up for battle, too with a few of these in place before it all kicks off.
@_date: 2019-08-04 09:18:58


Wouldn't the smarter (cheaper?) thing be to just the change as it was intended to be used? Most grocery stores now have self checkout, so that's at least one place to spend your change at without too much hassle.
@_date: 2019-10-06 17:49:34
What I meant was the consumer see is it as a hurdle/step as that amount will decrease as its subject to a cost. Believe me, I have first hand experience trying to convince people to use those horrid things in order to make my Life easier when I tried to accept payment for my services in this space. To them, its a step if only because it means less money at the end. 
No, I'm just saying that is what would need to occur for BOL to be accepted directly for BTC, which seems untenable to most besides a charity. I'm aware of the shortcomings of doing so, which is why I suggest its not feasible for anyone who seeks monetary gain and instead Educational outreach s the goal.
@_date: 2019-08-29 08:25:59
I'm not sure I want to ask, but I can't help myself: What exactly is 'tax justice?' 
I'm trying to envision someone advocating for FAANG to pay their 'fair share' and help funds things like medicare/medicade... but the tax code was literately built for large corporate partnerships with the State for its own benefit (fascism). 
With that said, I refuse to accept their could ever be anything resembling 'justice' in taxation, unless I can choose specifically where my portion of stolen funds are directed towards. I'd gladly pay for local schools/libraries and apprenticeship programs, as well as water and air purification infrastructure but I'm fully aware most of my extorted funds (read: taxes) goes towards an untenable welfare and warfare State policy in which the daily accrued interest is in the billions.
And just so its clear, a lot of us early bitcoiners are actually Anarchists: not Libertarians. 
Read the Cryptoanarchist manifesto, and Cypherpunk literature and mailing list from the 80s and 90s. (Many of whom you'll find are cited in Satoshi's white paper mind you.)
We've since become the silent minority, unfortunately.
@_date: 2019-08-17 23:52:07
They have been eating 'shitty' despite their new found wealth, organic food was taboo, and mainly made in secret and privately held greenhouses for a long time; China destroyed a ton of its farmland in their development, they're now having to spend upwards of $500 Billion to remediate the soil to keep up with the demands of its populace in the long term, and buying up farms in OZ and outright passive colonization of nations in Africa.
As to the 'financial tier' system you speak of: this what strikes me the most, its not as though this system serves them well, its just less bad than what they started with, which often is abject poverty in a rural town for the most part. But its not as though its desirable, let alone sustainable if you look at it objectively. Their is a cost to pay, and it ultimately ends in polluted food/water/air. They may be heavily investing in renewable, but its hard to gauge how much longer that can go for before it leads to massive levels of chronic diseases being the norm.
@_date: 2019-08-29 08:53:35
A country, as in the Government, has no role in ensuring employment in anything but an abject tyrannical despotic system--the result is always dark, as in the case with Soviet Union where unemployment was 0% and anyone who resisted their role(s) were sent to gulags or slave camps. Any government capable of giving employment has the power to take it away as well, thus it always leads to a form subservience to the State: be it covert or overt, the result is always the same. Oddly enough, I came to find out this applied even in a country like Switzerland, with all its lore of Freedom and Citizen Rights, could do this to its own populace.  
At best a Government's role should be limited to ensuring a clear legal landscape codified through its legal system and maintaining it's credit worthiness in the World by means of a sound currency; but the fact that a country like the US (with its huge advantage in post WWII) got it so wrong goes to show that its an empirical fallacy that any Nation-State can do it at all.
The American Century and its subsequent exceptionalism is an inherent quality of the modern Human Condition when it attains Power, this must first be done away with if we are to move past this.
Bitcoin as a technology is doing more as an agent for change, than just about any other form of tech in the World as it challenges its detractors at its core with this position.
@_date: 2019-10-07 09:24:26


Sadly, I think the same holds for Cash. They are over reaching when it comes to account shutdowns, but the Truth is we need Square to transition the vast amount of Square users onto Cash/BTC. Their UX, while flawed as we can see with this case, is unrivaled in getting non-tech savvy merchants to accept payments.
I'm gutted to see this woman have her payments denied to her.
@_date: 2019-10-06 04:48:27
There is opportunity for Educational Outreach, this is a post on r/Hongkong showing a line of customers at a HSBC apparently withdrawing their money from the bank.
This could be the targets to be focused on, but it would require a certain level of tact and a seamless way to convert, so probably would need to be done at a monetary loss to ensure they get how simple it can be when used at the p2p level.  
Note: Worth discussion is how this is taking place without police intervention as was seen in the Occupy Wall Street protests, where intimidation from police was the norm when protestors were trying to empty their account.
@_date: 2019-08-23 06:02:36


He spoke openly about Overstock pivoting away from Online retail and focusing on Bitcoin/Blockchain tech in Africa; in fact he even referenced that he as supposed to speak in Russia about that tech but was told to ultimately avert it on the CNN interview.
This is not good, I actually fear for his Life now, and this is a man that overcame cancer several times and came out the other end knowing what needed to be done as the World's financial system is a house of cards. He made it his Life's work, his work on financial corruption in the 2008 financial crisis was no small feat. Its really worth reading up on. 
Sidenote: I haven't watched MSM/news in over a decade, but my GOD what a horrible platform: those speaking heads just constantly interject and try to create their own narrative rather than let the guest speak.
If Andreas is reading: Reach out and interview Patrick, please! He needs to get a better outlet before the media spin happens, and we end up with another political prisoner/casualty.
@_date: 2019-10-28 19:26:25
Finance guys only understand one thing: money.
I'd take him on the offer, if only to put my money where my mouth is even if I fail chances are I piqued interest in someone with access to larger funds than myself and his clientele. I would have capitalized on that fear and nervousness and brought him up to speed on post Segwit progress; I think what they really fear is what they cannot understand, they understand monetization of tech, and that would have been enough to convert him in my opinion.
I've taken non-tech jobs and I offered to take a 10% wage decrease if they pay it in Bitcoin up front, no one even bothered to take me up on it. Ultimately they can't be too surprised or fault me when I took better offers down the road.
It's their fault, I'm a mercenary in that role: I can be loyal if compensated to be so and as I see fit, and they had their chance(s).
@_date: 2018-06-27 08:46:35


What in Nature is actually Centralized is capable of existing long enough to be either relevant (albeit in short windows) and a solid foundation for it's (questionable) utility or use other than Man's machinations  (eg Nation States) or some dystopian pheromone induced mind-control hierarchies like with Ants?
I'll overlook at the supposed 'sustainable' merits of the latter and focus on the former for brevity's sake:
Centralized-centric mentality is directly a core part of his thesis of what makes Homo Sapiens so effective at (initially) undertaking large complex systems (community/monolith construction/religions/society) if I understood his position correctly. They subsequently tend to atrophy and break down as they fragment while they grow.
But Nature and by extension Life itself by its sheer design (DNA/RNA based Lifeforms) requires spontaneity for it to be resilient, not uniformity--Evolution requires constant mutation from external stimuli to adapt to an environment and by extension a Universe in constant flux--neither of which are static/monolithic/centralized or stagnant: those have a tendency to go extinct rather quickly.
It was a good book, I should re-visit it again soon as its been a while (2016?) since I finished it in a few weeks and probable didn't take it all in. I'd like to look specifically to this part as I don't recall this 'techno-utopian/technocrat will save us all from peril' premise he brought up in the image posted; because other than Musk's many ventures no one else comes to mind who is making any headway in that direction without immense resistance from the State and its many corporate appendages--and even then that has always been a challenge to some degree for SpaceX and Tesla.
What page is this on, again?
With that said, Mankind really does have a rare and unique opportunity  in this short-lived window to achieve something that could potentially lead to a new Evolution of our very Species, the only real question is will we have the self-awareness to have it come to fruition?
We're likely going to be a multi-planetary Species in our Lifetime, which could potentially bring about a Global prosperity (and hopefully consciousness) that seems unfathomable and too immense to really comprehend and yet we still have the archaic notions of Nationality, Sex or Race dividing us and fomenting hatred within Governments/Legislation and are acutely channeled through Universities where young mind's should go to hone their skills and learn to Dream and be inspired about the Future they envision and wish to create, not to waste this amazing time being portrayed as the source of, or the victim of, someone's trite diatribe about 'oppression.'
@_date: 2019-08-29 08:42:56


Google got away with paying low tax rates as it was incorporated in Ireland, and Holland who due to its shrinking (and crippled in the case of the former) economy in the EU had to do anything to lure it to come somehow. 
How they can do that for large corps, and let its citizenry deal with horrid unemployment and high taxation is just one of the many reasons why the State should be seen as the Mafia that it is. 
I'm not sure how UBI will ultimately be funded, but I appreciate the idea of it being explored, but a VAT system is not novel nor really effective (as seen with the NHS in the UK) however, it might encourage savings. I've lived in the EU and its hit/miss, especially if you don't get any of the benefits of said taxation. I do like how they include VAT taxes in their prices, though. 
The problem is the US is the largest consumer Market in the World and it literately is fueled by consumption, so a surplus in savings sounds good on paper (specifically if it retains its World reserve currency status) but it will likely ensure massive downsizing of businesses and thus dwindling employment opportunities in anything but the largest corps who can function with thin profit margins--I think prior to 2008 the largest employer(s) in the US were still small privately held businesses, now I don't think most have the luxury to choose if the want to be employed at all.  And the idea of Welfare assistance while having FT work is a stark reality for many who do choose that route.
@_date: 2019-10-08 22:57:47


It's not that, its that you clearly have never done extensive traveling while doing public speaking. It wears you out, and she has revealed she as Aspergers syndrome, which if you are not aware is a social as well as neurological disorder and she had just been on a boat from Europe to the US and then traveled all over N. America in several rallys and protests. 
I'm not denying her parents are involved in helping her develop and craft her speaking skills. I personally didn't have that luxury and practiced in public with a great deal of anxiety as I was finding my own voice and wish I had that support. 
But, if you are trying to use that as an example, I'll just say you clearly have no idea how often you bomb on stage or elsewhere when you do a great deal of public speaking, it gets worse when you travel as you are in different settings with different time zones,in different venues (with all the technical and logistical issues) and maybe some illness and limited sleep. 
I did it as an Adult, speaking about Bitcoin and I still had a lot of those days.
@_date: 2018-06-09 17:49:04
[Its definitely an X, check out the lower inlets and integrated turn signals]( that's the dead give away as the [redesign S Bumper has a longer inlet]( than the X. But also the dimensions don't lend itself to an S at all, the arches/front fender aren't as flared and this one is too bulky and high to be an S.
So, what model S, did you get the AP package? They started issuing refunds after a lawsuit, did yours have to go in for that steering recall recently?
@_date: 2018-06-27 07:53:51
Witty. 
But, I agree, Square and Dorsey (CEO) have been really been a boon to the cryptospace, and while I don't entirely agree with all of their practices with buys/transfers it still remains a far more viable to onboard new merchants/users with currently existing tech they use/understand/trust rather than using the clusterfuck that is COiNbase.
As for Circle, I called them vapourware from day 1, and never bothered to use their service(s); now I think they are irreverent, and things like 'Buy the Market' are blantly self-serving practices as are their 'custodial' services. 
Bitcoin 101 Maxim: Not your private key(s), not your Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2019-10-06 19:49:54
@_date: 2018-06-09 18:24:14
Be glad they work at all, it took Elon being in a sleeping bag cracking the whip at Fremont to get them out the door; now he's gotten a couch and then an upgraded couch for Model 3's push.
I'm still waiting to see rap videos with them being driven propped up while in ludicrous mode.
@_date: 2019-10-07 09:19:13
Thank you for your detailed analysis. 
Its challenging to be see the vast complexity of the situation, but... I'm resigned to think that this was inevitable from the problems that were not addressed back in 2014, and perhaps some governments are likely going to try and use this as a proxy war.
Its disheartening to see the children that have been arrested for protesting, but I commend them for trying to fight for a Future; I had images and the heavy weight I had back then all day after visiting the Wall of Partisan (casualties) in Modena Italy when I saw those images.
@_date: 2018-06-01 09:52:20
Care to to screen cap a live demo?
@_date: 2019-10-12 09:19:47
Personal observation: Very unlikely, they are dealing with overt forms of Tyranny, such that they aren't really ready to make that transition without a great deal of community outreach and Education. I have spoken with a few locals and HK banking is really in the dark ages, mobile payments exist, but apparently Credit cards are the barrier of entry that prohibit most people from accessing their funds. Debit cards apparently don't really exists. 
I've been hitting a wall with people on r/HongKong, mainly non HK citizens but I'm afraid its not going to be a very critical component of this revolution unless we get and mobilize some Bitcoiners on the ground.
@_date: 2019-10-15 21:15:33
Looks like a generic looking BTM, with a LED thing on top in a sterile environment... what's so Cyberpunk about that?
The picture of BTC in Vietnam is way more Cyberpunk, I may have it on an old HDD somewhere, but its in downtown Saigon or Hanoi  or some other major city, anyone have that?
@_date: 2019-10-28 19:38:37
Or... its an exercise in how well we can ascertain and model Human behaviour based on something as absurd as this chan post and using Bitcoin price as the metric for current and future analytics.
It wouldn't be too hard to see it being some channer oldfag/whale with an AI side project trying to refine his algos in the public domain. Jihan?!
One of the things that was pushed hard early on this space was prediction markets, it was way off the mark in terms of timing, but I saw the threat even then: it can become a self-fulfilling prophecy if given enough traction and resources.
This is insipid, no one in this long enough would really bat an eye if we hit 16k at this point, we've seen 1k swings for years, we're immune: its the new (fags) that they seek to monetize by making you sell at 7k only to get you to buy back at 9k, its not out of the realm of possibility if you think about it as we're poised to be the standard currency for the Internet--we're going to be doing a ton of onboarding and the onramps aren't the only way to profit from price swings.
Black Mirror kind of writes itself when we have tech this embedded into our psyche, I wonder what Charlie could write if given enough time to write a script based upon that citadel dwelling, time traveler story: it could be the new John Titor/Steins:Gate.
I'd totally be up for being a contributing writer/researcher for that if it were to come about!
@_date: 2019-10-28 04:52:55


Do you mind me asking what you do?
I ask because Education outreach is the biggest hurdle to overcome in terms of initial adoption, even when need is as dire as your own.
What resources exist for the People to be engaged with how this tech could help them?
@_date: 2019-10-09 18:20:03


@_date: 2019-10-09 03:44:09


As much as I'd like to see that happen, I don't think users would be able to manage their own accounts successfully. 
Square is really good for end users mainly because it takes out the guess work for them, and has tech support. I can't see (many if any) of them using Square/Cash while running their own node, managing their own wallet and the conversion their-in unless its all completely automated : I just can't. 
Most small businesses don't want to be their own bank, to my personal dismay, and quite frankly until they scale enough to justify it, they don't want an accountant/AR-AP person on staff to manage it all, in my personal experience. They want something that works, how it works is less important than how fast can they get a hold of someone in support when it fails is.
@_date: 2019-10-11 07:19:26
I was with you and could relate with you, but... Dolls?
@_date: 2019-10-06 08:32:50
That's what it says next to your name... but sure whatever, great rebuttal. 
You have offered no insight, so I'm just going to assume anything further will follow the same line of vapid thinking in your post history, so I'm going to ignore you.
@_date: 2019-08-17 21:54:54


Explain the massive increase in Chinese owned real-estate and privately owned businesses in the US and China? It seems its more that the State/PRC is willing to allow for them to consolidate into assets they can either take outright ownership of, our pressure them into stealing the IP for the mainland.
@_date: 2019-10-08 22:05:01
Ask him if he's up for doing an interview with Andreas to tell us what has become of Overstock's position in Crypto moving forward, and what if anything has become of his involvement with that project he was working on in Africa with the tech. 
I get he must be under a ton of pressure, but the Man lives to do this stuff and I'd hate for all of his efforts to go unnoticed, if only it inspires others to take up where he left off.
@_date: 2019-02-05 21:48:01
Tony Roma's had something similar when I was growing up, that was my favorite part of the meal:
I've essentially gotten the shoestring version of this down to a fucking art, but the loaf... I need to build a mold for it that fits in a deep fryer which is harder than you'd think.
@_date: 2019-02-05 22:02:55
Ehh, you gave context, its just that LN stuff moves so fast I can't keep up as much as I'd like; I've been on the telegram chat since it started and I have like 700 unread messages. :/
@_date: 2019-10-11 09:34:38
Oh, shit... I thought that was a typo, but you're not joking are you? 
Umm, pass. I like women despite all their crazy hang ups.
@_date: 2019-10-11 07:18:37


Kek, old simpsons trivia always makes me go search for it on YT.
@_date: 2019-06-27 11:29:16
We gon' bury da' soundbwoy... err Moonbwoy!
@_date: 2019-02-26 06:22:02


I like Byrne, and I'm glad he's back after beating cancer and I can agree with his initial assessment, but this conclusion is really wishful-thinking if its portrayed as something so easy to transition into for the masses. I'm convinced we need to get there, and its as dire as he says, and we're making real progress to get there these last years, but it will be messy even under the best of circumstances.    


A lot online gamers are from early Gen X and boomer generation despite popular belief; I'm a millennial and I haven't had a console since PS2 let alone the time to play anything after that time in my Life. 
Having the luxury of so much time and lots of disposable income for VR headsets, fancy 4k TVs and high bandwidth internet is somewhat of a luxury that like most tech consumables tend to gravitate toward an older generation.
I was watching that Hello World thing on that game in Iceland, and tons of those guys at that event were old if not older than Byrne. 
@_date: 2019-02-06 13:11:53
:) 
@_date: 2019-02-05 18:43:51
Not just that, look at the fat (hard to tell when cooked but is noticeably more yellow than conventional stuff), its likely grass-fed! This with a nice red, and maybe some real aged aceto balsamico to occasionally drizzle over it, would be my ideal meal. 
So, speak up, who's the grill cook slinging these mammoths on the BTC salamander? 
@_date: 2019-02-19 05:45:39
Your 'nan and [Blowstamp 'nan]( will forever be enshrined into BTC lore. She needs a moniker, though; something with babushka would be very fitting given the History you mentioned. 
@_date: 2019-02-16 21:51:36


Drop in personal Citizen score for sure and a decrease in the scores of all your social networks peers is my guess--they'll pressure you into paying with stigmatization. 
Their was this add-on feature to one of those apps I saw recently that notified you that someone was in debt, and you could report them if you found them to be splurging as though they were otherwise. Equihax fucking sucks, but turning your very own populace into vindictive rats is just a recipe for a return to absolute totalitarianism. I'm convinced China wants to do a 21st century version of the Soviet Union at this point.
Its creepy fucking shit, but the Chinese are going for it full steam ahead; I'm not sure even BTC can help such an indoctrinated culture at this point. Its like a glossed version of a dystopian society in a Cyberpunk book.


You should watch the talk at this year's CCC on Alipay and Wechat's role with seaseme credit system; the speaker did her graduate degree(s) in China and apparently they've been trying the 'negative re-enforcement' approach with Westerner's at Chinese Universities for some time, even when bringing sexual partners to their dorms: It didn't work.
Its like some 21st century form of the scarlet letter to the Chinese, but most Westerner's just tried to rack up the most violations as a badge of honor.
\&gt;I would flip my shit if they tried something like this over here.
Why do you think the Big Data and all the FAANG's have been jumping on this like its the next gold rush for more than half a decade? It won't be long until you see some variation of this showing its face in the West as cash is being displaced out the system., 
Hell, I'd argue that JPM coin is really just one step in that direction, despite only working internally (for the time being.)
@_date: 2019-10-28 21:25:11
Anyone notice that the Bund Summit's website doesn't show an event on metadata since 2018, and that thier website is actually 404'd?
This seems like FUD, or at best, misplaced hype. I'm starting to believe my AI algo theory more and more now. HFT Markets move based on things like Twitter trends, google searches and such, bots then write articles to support these positions and in turn execute buy/sells based on this analysis.
This seems like a more concentrated case study using the same means and methods to me.
@_date: 2019-02-05 21:50:14
I was wondering what the hell that meant, I was like Starkbot owns lightening labs and Dorsey, while an advocate and funder of them, is not in any position to pass the torch to anyone. 
Cool part of the History, though, nice way to test out the networks strengths. 
@_date: 2019-10-06 08:19:34


@_date: 2019-08-26 06:46:41
Agreed. I think we reached the point where most users who are tech savvy have already onboarded, to reach the the reminder of our (potential) user-base we will have to simplify the UX to such a degree that they do not even know they are using Bitcoin. 
I'd argue. reluctantly so, the closer we have it to mimicing the the relative ease of Online Banking, the better. Its fine having discussion amongst nerds about the minutia of Bitcoin's complexity, but most tune out very fast when it comes to matters that involve a steep learning curve.
@_date: 2019-02-16 17:30:24
At the nation state level? I thought this was the first. 
I mean Laslo's pizza purchase can be argued to be the first tx to this if you wan to take it to the individual level. 
@_date: 2019-02-20 05:52:28
This is actually really insightful, and I'm glad it finally came out after all this time; Brock Pierce was already vulturing back in '14, was he the guy behind that short lived muscle exchange for creditors from MtGox? Anyone remember that scam-ish sounding campaign?
I don't know how this came to be and I'm lost to explain how it exactly it occured, but I have managed to have sympathy for Mark's plight and utter disgust of Brock. Brock should stick to revamping Puerto Rico like he proposed and forget this Gox stuff if he wants to redeem himself in the community.
And while I didn't lose any funds from this, all I can say is that its a state of affairs all around. Hopefully this civil rehabilitation just gets sorted once and for all already so we can all just move on.
@_date: 2019-02-05 21:50:50
Riga, Baby! 
@_date: 2019-02-06 15:28:58
:) hahaha, I knew there had to be one of us out here, what meats are you using and do you have any pics of your process learning how to use it?
900 for something that resembles a salamander isn't bad, consider how much smokers go for. 
@_date: 2019-02-19 06:02:32
Yeah, well done, I had this in the background as I caught up on emails; I really liked the visualization you have for mining via PoW, and the hash functions in tx, and block validations. Lots of info there for noobs to easily glean from and look into if they so wish. 
@_date: 2019-02-14 16:39:27
Two points: One, this has to be taken into account:


The fact that they noted in their own press release that the digital coin is representing a \*\*fiat currency\*\* is in itself rather remarkable if you know how arcane these people are with how they name their scams. Let that sink in: their very lexicon has changed.
Second, this is like a real life E-coin.
@_date: 2019-10-06 02:55:08


Are you from Hong Kong? I'd like to ask a few questions regarding the situation, as their is a great deal of complexity, so I'd like first hand knowledge from the ground. 
Care to take the time to talk with me?
@_date: 2019-02-26 06:31:02
Also, no one with any sense will touch a Jihan project after this, he'll have to have some front-men to convince anyone with any sense to even get anyone to get close to let alone fund it; Jihan, Ver and Craig are all persona non-grata now and their reputations irredeemable. Nothing will change that now. 
But what a fucking waste of time and resources these clowns were. Worst yet, you just know they, maybe not collectively, still have a significant amount of btc despite this culsterfuck.  
@_date: 2019-08-04 09:16:47






It took me 2 days, but mainly because I got tired of dealing with it and gave up the day of. I'm sure it could be done the same day for those less impatient than myself.
It was 4% fee and after the KYC/AML verification it took 30 mins to get a verification to confirm the bits arrived. And another 15 or so to send to my wallet.
Worth noting, it allowed me to send to a Segwit address.
@_date: 2019-02-17 02:18:49


Oh, I'm well aware of that, but I'm one of those weirdos that have not done those things you've just listed exactly because its a compromise in my privacy--its more containment than it its prevention given the Nature how the current has mutated. I don't even like using that voice to text feature on most phones.
To resist that is to essentially ostracize yourself amongst your peers, its hard to accept that security isn't even an afterthought with most people, they put all their lives on their phone and will  causally leave it on a chair in the anticipation no one will take it and subsequently ruin their lives.
@_date: 2019-02-22 02:57:16
With no (assumed) real property rights in place in the Soviet Union, how was home ownership designated after the collapse? Were you in Russia proper or one of the satellite nations?
I ask because I remember an interview with Suboi when asked about how Communist Vietnam didn't really have home deeds either, so after the War most people just assumed anyone living in those homes were just the rightful owners.
But she wrote a song about how sometime in the 2000s as things were modernizing the State started to demand they provide proof of ownership, or face eviction, but many families simply didn't have any and the grandparents had been deceased for some time.
I had a friend who was the sole descendant of a large amount of property in rural  (then) Yugoslavia, which was socialist not communist, but after the collapse and the father's death they were unable to do much other than lease the land out to local farmers while she went to the city to work. The local government and all the neighbors knew of this family as they've been their for centuries, but still... this is a lot more common than most think and was once thought to be something blockchain could resolve. The issue was enforceability, but now as a governments are acknowledging BTC's Blockchain for convictions for things liek money laundering, the argument can be made that it too must be admissible to support a claim to land/home, right?
@_date: 2019-02-19 06:24:39
Hmm... I think this an absurd argument to make if taken at face value, mainly because its a non-issue that doesn't really need to be explained.
But remind me... who is it that is pretty much the face of LN and just spoke with Jack Dorsey on a podcast with high praise and received funding from him to help roll out layer 2? Seems to me that the metric to truly measure things by in our ecosystem is not the sheer quantity of females in this space, but rather the quality of the females we do have that matters most. Starkbot does an amazing job, and she understands this ecosystem better than most males in my experience, too.
The thing I like the most about BTC, and crypto in general, is that unlike  the rest of Tech this is truly a meritocracy, or the closest thing to it.
It doesn't matter if you're a large holder of coins or just a new comer with an amazing idea for a BIP: what you do in this ecosystem matters the most and is usually what you're ranked upon. There have been unnecessary witchunts by the trolls around here, but try to find someone (that matters anyhow) talk ill of Finney, Back or Szabo, hell I think even NullC is up there now.
@_date: 2019-02-24 04:48:02
Who is the fucker trying to ride on Pussy Riots coattails for brand recognition? And what is the flavor supposed to be, Albanian Red OPs?
@_date: 2019-02-23 21:16:51


Yeah, that is crazy, but aren't there cultural norms in Russia that you stay home until you marry. And sometimes even after that in most of the country? Its typical to have 3-4 generations in a home in a lot of Europe, provided it can support the family size(s). And for a lot of its History when the opportunity arises its common to buy a home nearby, but with the modern economy and the limited opportunies for the youth, traveling and moving away from home for work is a must so it likely contributes to that squeeze on housing supply as it is in the Urban US.
I didn't know that about Russia during the crisis. Thanks for the insight. 


Those are usually the first things that get compromised in revolutions/coups, and the State can selectively destroy things for land grabs. Especially if its an enterprising despot that took power who is looking to sell land for resources to multi-nationals for a cash stream. 
Normally, I would agree, as enforceability means having some type of private force to take the land back with force if needed if the arbitration system fails you, but as many local governments are experimenting with it (pay taxes and such) its actually rather interesting development that may lead to it being recognized. Its still early days, of course. 
Having a timestamp and a hashed version of a notarized contract is possible now on the blockchain, but how to get people to accept that is valid without the private army is like the 'last mile' dilemma, as it were. 
@_date: 2019-02-14 19:22:25
What Marketing isn't?
Have you seen that Netflix documentary on the Fire Festival, that was alarming to see how quick people are to buy into the image of those 'influencers' and how insane that whole world is.
I think Dorsey touched on doing that torch passing to Elon on the podcast with Starkbot.
@_date: 2019-06-12 14:45:30
Its a good option, and one that helps support Square/Dorsey who is a huge BTC proponent within traditional Fintech, and has helped accelerate adoption--he is currently seeking to fund dedicated core devs that work independently from Square/Cash.
With that said, its not an exchange, so do not expect the services and amenities that they offer. If all you are seeking is a easy to use onramp, than hands down its the best in the business. Obviously if you do not transfer to your own wallet where you contril the keys you only have an IOU, not actual BTC.
For 'trading,' its only ok; I'm not sure which exchange they are using to monitor their spot prices, it can often be off by XX's of dollars from Binfinex so that's not it. The buy and sell fees reflect that it isn't an exchange as they have mark up when you buy and when you sell.
The delay to get your funds into USD, unless you use thier instapay fee, varies from 2-5 days in my experience depending on what day of the week/holiday, too.
Overall, I'm satisfied with it as a product; it can obviously use some refinement and additional features, but its helping accelerate adoption and creating a profitable crypto related business model for Square who are help a great deal of small businesses conduct business everyday.
I envision the day we see all of these guys get onboarded with LN enabled payment channels will occur in the near future with existing hardware and a software update.
They are THE coinbase killer in my opinion.
@_date: 2019-02-28 02:52:33


Exactly there has to be someone with all those BTC expositions happening in museums willing to cover the cost for S/H for one of those. Someone has to have all that shwag in a box somewhere to go along with it.
I'd want to see it next to these two articles:




@_date: 2015-08-30 06:42:55
Paxful.com is another choice. 
I'll let fill in the frequency of trades done with these cards, but from what I recall its quite common. 
Purse.io may be another way to go.
@_date: 2019-02-06 15:44:14
Actually, it makes perfect sense for a home cook, look at the browning on that sized steak, who do you know other than professional chefs has a pan that large to get a nice sear on it, this is ideal for a stand alone unit you don't have to worry about being beat up or causing to smoke in the house as you can just plug it outside instead of having to use a broiler and hope you get those results, which is not as easy as you make it seem with house equipment for the home cook, its doable, just far from ideal. 
With that said, having to open and close an oven to check for the readiness of a piece of a meat is pita, especially if you're dealing with such expensive cuts. Let alone the clean up in cooking steaks in a broiler. (A part of me died when I found out 1/2 of kitchen work is just simply cleaning.)
Honestly, dude this is the equivalent of a higher end toy for the kitchen, something you'd see at sharper image, and $900 is cheap for cooking equipment and if it helps support some manufacture who also enjoys Bitcoin enough to put it on his device, why the fuck not? If he said he likes it, its clearly because he takes great joy in doing just that: cooking. Don't belittle someone because they don't understand things in a condescending manner, that's so lame.
Because quite honestly, after time and tons of experience, I don't even need to put my meat in an oven to get it to a perfect medium rare with an amazing sear, I go solely by smell and touch with a pan and foil despite having an array of industrial sized convection ovens, salamanders, flat top and normal grills.
But I wouldn't deride anyone who uses to use any other method.
@_date: 2019-02-28 06:40:48
Rad, this platform needs more support; I get its not a high volume exchange for day traders, but on principals of how BTC was supposed to operate, p2p, its leading the way. Granted, them acting as arbiter isn't ideal, but they have a roadmap to eventually remove themselves from that role. 
Which is something that no other exchange can say.  
@_date: 2019-02-17 18:14:33


This. You have to understand the poverty rate of rural China (and its a big fucking place!) to even begin to understand it, the increase in quality of life is substantial; most peasant subsistence farmers send their children to the city to work in factories to support their families back home. Eventually, they end up at your foxxcon's and such, but this is a huge leap in standard of living for them compared to where they are from. This is why the tout the rise of China as the biggest elevator of poverty in the 21st Century, but it comes at a cost, a really big one. But if you're feeding 5 family members back home and some of them are ill, you don't have time to ask questions. We all know how big the remittances market is internationally, China is no different but they're within its borders.
Simply put, I've seen this in the US, too. And one can argue this is exactly what happened post WWII with the boomers, one the largest increases in standard of living came at a cost: Nuclear proliferation, Military Industrial complex, Global US Imperialism, near constant and perpetual War, the rise of Intelligence agencies that target their own Society in addition to those abroad etc... The same thing applies here.
Prior to Snowden you were considered a crazy person for thinking about what the NSA does so broadly, and the FAANG's very close relationship with the State; I mean who the fuck didn't think Myspace/FB was just a massive aggregator of personal information made fashionable by anyone with power who would want to surveil their populace, if you had some background in Cypherpunk-Cryptoanarchy philosophy. And most people STILL use it despite those revelations to this day!
Anyhow, I think its too broad to paint a picture of those 'myopic Chinese citizens,' though Mainland Chinese are seriously the worst tourists in my experience, it think its more  a byproduct of confining wealth creation and upward mobility to a Nation-State who are subject to the propaganda and indoctrination I alluded to before.
Its startling to think, that way about the Human Species, but its that old adage:


@_date: 2019-02-06 14:54:34
Yeah, when I finally 'got' Bitcoin I realized it was some form of Human designed DNA/Genome made for the 21st century (digital based societies) and even wrote some extensive posts on here about throughout the years. You can search for them in my post history if you want to look for them; the last one was about how bio-mimicry and symbiosis is a critical part of any sustainable model for Life and that much like the symbiotic relationship between trees and mycelium to create the largest single organism on the planet, Humans are finally creating a mode of operation, that if successful, will allow us to not just conduct commerce through more sensible incentives, but perhaps change the Human Condition altogether and change how we interact with Nature, our Environment and its many vital complex ecosystems, and in time other Planet(s) we will colonize.
Which to date for Modern Human's is fucking atrocious and in dire need of change.
I like to hear people's perspective on this, so if you have any writing you've done on this subject, please send it my way.
Sidenote: I'm also a biohacker.
@_date: 2019-02-06 15:06:00
WTF does this have to do with BTC? And since when does changing supplier constitute cheating? Makes sense to use a Californian supplier given the backlog of deliveries at Fremont, the Gigacenter was a choke-point for Model 3 ramp and likely be for Model Y, semi and Roadster, too.
@_date: 2019-02-23 21:12:54
Haha, you/I wish; I wish I could show you the internal IBM Blockchain courses, they're not fans of BTC and what it represents as they have so many Federal Government contracts in place and are often the top bidders and recipients of them. 
That's really their bread and butter.
That was a nice soundclip, which is probably a good source of media buzz, so over all I'm satified; but all of IBM's architecture is built on Hyperledger and they think token based systems like Bitcoin are only for nefarious purposes where 'anonymity' is only needed. 
They like ETH, and push the whole Solididty is the future narrative.
Its cool to hear that from an IBM'r, but keep in mind the idea of central bank issued coins came out of his mouth. Check out guys like G. Coumo and co. to see what they really think.
@_date: 2019-02-20 05:44:15
You heard the man, pass the torch from BTC-Babushka to Musk!  
@_date: 2019-02-13 17:49:43


I think that's the likely outcome, how many nodes in % are still not on Segwit these days? 
@_date: 2019-06-12 00:25:18
Did she touch on the Umbrella revolution, and the need for a decentralized and uncensorable networks?
Given the current political climate and threats from China that should be the narrative, because while China is oppressive but it should be included that the local police tried to shutdown the communication back in 2014, and the beatings (by local police) during this protest should make it clear why this matters.
@_date: 2019-02-06 13:11:09
It's what Ferarrista's are called in Maranello/Monza, its literately a cult. Motorsports is everything, they are people who grew up hearing the sounds of the engines from the factory and Fiorano and racing up Torre Maina  (where I lived and worked, most of my daily bookings were ragazzaiti form Ferarri staying the night) so, its ingrained in them. 
Context: Stefano Domenicali was a poor local kid watching over the fence(s) and volunteering to just clean the track after a test shake-down, he eventually became Team boss during the Alonso era in F1.
But to expand on what I meant: Giancarrlo was the ex-mayor of Maranello and had deep ties to the the Ferrari family itself. Enzo adopted his orphaned mom during WWII. He could tell you every fucking suspension setup that was used on every F1 chassis from the Ascari to the Alonso era if you got him going as he spent as much time fixated on. He worshiped everything Ferrari, but it was cooler when we got to talk about food and aerospace stuff if I'm honest.
I miss talking to him. 
BTW Those 'ultra' at soccer matches can't compare to the energy from this:  
@_date: 2015-08-28 20:51:49
Funny, I feel the same way anytime someone brings up that they want to pay their taxes in BTC. 
@_date: 2019-02-05 22:45:09
If done at ATH it makes perfect sense, from solely a custodial point of view, to ensure they had enough cash reserves to cover all possible future claims. 
But this is yet another reason why we don't need regulators, nor States and their court systems getting involved in Crypto, that amount of coins in the hands of the State, however well meaning it may convince you it is, is the antithesis of why BTC was created and needed in the first fucking place. 
I feel bad for those that lost out, and I've even come to feel bad for Karpelles over time; but at this point what is best is for this to just be over with and have those coins return into the Market, and if the claimee's never see their coins that is just the collateral damage we have to accept that as a consequence of BTC's growing pains. 
@_date: 2019-02-27 23:08:41
Holy fuck! I had a dream of something like this in the early days (like 2012??) about a situation in which people of semi-abandoned town who were entirely  dependent on hydo-generated electricity from snow melt that had a access to large mining operations, like more than Bitman, and would out pace anyone on the network on a seasonal basis that allowed them and their children to invest their time and resources on more profitable endeavours in Life, including education, tech, engineering,  medicine, aerospace and Ag.
I wrote a few chapters by 2015 of what that would look like as a novel-manga... I got to the part of setting up a meshnet and the miners, I think; sadly those HDDs are likely dead by now. But may be a cool thing to pick up again as I have pretty much the synopsis of it in my head.
[Well, I guess this is how BTC mining has come to be powered by 85% renewable energy.](
Its crazy how things like this, seemingly impossible at the time, can be done with the right incentive structure; I wonder if BTC will ever be seen as one of the biggest forms of Social Engineering when its seen for what it really is in the future.
@_date: 2015-08-19 08:08:15
So, I have always wanted to use Purse but I have never really saw anything other than books that I wanted on Amazon, so will this work for that too? (Do you just buy Giftcards like on Gyft?)
I mean since SH is the biggest expense on buying used books how does that work? 
Sidenote: Anyone want to do a recurring weekly book buy thread with me if this works? I have a list of several books that I need to buy/re-buy so I can probably do this for several weeks if I buy one a week.  
If we get enough traction maybe we can get major re-sellers to accept BTC/Openbazzar directly and cut out Amazon who take quite a bit when you sell stuff on there; Hippobooks, Blue Cloud etc... 
PS: Any chance Gamestop sells Chevron cards?
@_date: 2019-02-05 22:10:08
Given that the names have been relegated to non-relevent terms in that time, I think its best to deem these 'currencies' as products under the umbrella of a well recognized brand. So as the Pound Sterling and US dollar moved away from PM backing, so have the end products deviated from the original. Consider that the word Yen outside of its currency context, just means Circle or a round object in Japanese.
The current GBP and USD are like the crystal coke of currencies, and they too will pass into obsolescence in time.
I think all other currencies are worst off then these 2, though; and the GBP having the most absurd valuation as the UK's economic output is pathetic is not lost one me, they'd starve to death in a matter of months if they have to feed their population without outside Ag goods (Brexit is good, but only because it precipitates the end of the EU) despite all the lofty rhetoric. Their manufacturing is a joke, and despite some amazing development in motorsports I can't think of a reason in what they lead the World in, besides having the most egregious criminals in one place in the City of London. 
@_date: 2019-02-12 16:47:58


Model 3 ramp up for base models, new plant in China (and model Y manufacturing construction) , SpaceX's constellation and now Starship's new Moon base plan are more than anyone can have on there plate and pay attention to anything else. Not to mention he actually has a family and kids to raise.
(With that said, I'm sure if Jack from Square/Cash send it to him he'd play along as he spends so much time on social media despite all the above.)
I think he is likely a larger holder than what he says, given what Paypal was supposed to be, but he made it his Life's work to do something more than just promote himself within fintech. Woz was all over the place for the past couple of years despite not having anything to do with Fintech in his entire career at Apple, and yet everyone was impressed we knew he had a stake in it only for him to cash out at ATH. I'm not sure what there is to be gained from Elon or anyone else to know he has btc.
Edit: Oh fuck, Elon...


@_date: 2019-02-19 05:57:02
Bankia, huh? I thought it would have been Santander given how many branches they recently had to close, and were trying to monetize anything they could to keep afloat.


I'm pretty sure we all knew that after (and for some of us even before) the Snowden/Wikileaks event.


Wishful thinking, hence why social media is still a thing, and still a big part of what the internet is used for by the majority people on it. It'd be nice if that did occur, but this assumes that Humans are rational beings, which has proven throughout History to not be the case, I'm afraid.
I'm convinced after all these years that for BTC to be successful at on-boarding those aforementioned people we will have to get to a point in which they have no idea that they're even using it. Only then will such a massive onboarding take place.
@_date: 2019-02-28 06:32:01
Who do you think is profiting the most from these manipulations? Chances are they have short positions and the bots to make it all happen without actively trading by now.
I understand that it was inevitable that institutional money would eventually come aboard, but why most of you guys were on your knees with your collective mouths agape priming yourselves for these guys is and will always remain a mystery to me. 
The ATH we saw wasn't even because these guys showed up, it was mostly the influx of FOMO dumb-money from the masses. So its not even well thought-out.


Are we really going to pretend these operations don't operate on fractional reserve, and can create fiat at will to continue their largess unabated. Their isn't a need to be frugal with something you can have a nearly infinite supply of, so rational things like minimizing losses or caring about capex is a non-issue.
@_date: 2018-06-09 22:12:39
AP2 (partial) Refund only:  
[htps://forums.tesla.com/forum/forums/autopilot\-refund](  
No money for the steering issue, as its a voluntary recall, due to Non\-Tesla issue: 
@_date: 2019-02-26 03:20:47


Not that I disagree with you, but isn't that true for the forex market, too? That is the largest Market/Industry in the World. By that rationale, no fiat currency meets that standard as a 'currency,' so it rather absurd. 
@_date: 2019-02-25 20:46:36
So, they go from beating people involved in p2p trades, to kidnapping and extorting people for their coins, and now they're are still dragging their feet on what to do next?
I'd say keep these 'officials' the hell away form crypto is your best bet unless the '$5 wrench solution' is to be legalized.


Links, because new reddit sucks: [
@_date: 2019-02-06 15:47:04
To this day I have had access to so many sous vide in a kitchen, and I still can't bring myself to use it for a filet... not sure why, I know its good as Ihave been served a few, but it goes against my instincts, I have to smell and touch for the right 'readiness' otherwise I get super anxious. 
@_date: 2019-02-28 02:13:52


No, but you'd know that if you actually understood what Cash app offers rather than just spout off nonsensically about something you clearly have no idea about with your earlier claim; you can purchase btc with debit only, for relatively decent fees for these services, and withdraw to your own wallet after KYC/AML requirements (ID).
If that's the only reason for you to use it, its clearly not for you. And I'd advise you not make such rash claims and denigrate it with your slanted and ignorant views, for what is actually a really cool alternative to Coinbase, but more importantly one that is run and managed by[one of the guys who has helped the ecosystem grow.](
Do us all a favour and try to not misinform people.
@_date: 2019-02-26 05:09:10


Or illiterate peasant, cult (christian) extremists that burned down the Library of Alexandria and set back Humanity for millennia. We still haven't recovered from that.
Those are valid concerns to have, and my views have shifted from thinking hyperbitcoinization was ideal at all costs given how fucked the system was to now seeing how the real metric for success can really only be if we have a semi-seamless transition from one to another--there bound to be blowback, but containing it is imperative. Such that the average person wouldn't even know there was a change unless they took interest in the mechanics of it. Which most won't.
Its not enough to decouple from State based fiats anymore, but rather how to migrate from one system to another without having total collapse from hyperinflation like we've seen so many times since BTC was launched around the World.
Lots of work to do until we reach that point, but I'm more positive than ever that its possible. 
@_date: 2019-02-16 00:20:02
Wasn't it wheat in Russia?
@_date: 2019-02-26 03:47:34
Haven't we seen that tx and ownership cannot be stopped enough times around the World to know this is a hollow threat, even in the event that it did pass?
I'm entirely convinced this is some bank/law firm/ lobbying firm collusion paying politicians to try and push this so that they create controversy in the ecosystem, maybe put some shorts to profit from the FUD, and can later say they were able to repeal it and have some relevance in this space.
We've got blockstream satelites, LN nodes, decentalized exchanges like BISQ and ideally some meshnet projects to support these if need be: I say, do your worst, and watch it not work and see why this network was built in the first place.
That's how we should be addressing this as a community, clearly nothing changes from following a legislative process and they'll just be back again if/when it fails. 
Where are those people who were elated a pro-Bitcoin Governor was elected now? 
On a positive note, this may finally help us get rid of Coinbase if true. Then, again, would Square/Cash app abandon BTC support... hmm.
Someone should ask Jack on twitter what would be the fall out, and worst case scenario.
@_date: 2019-02-05 22:00:47
The tolerances for the people you are describing for less than good practices aren't as rigid as you make it seem, regardless of your claim.
Hence, why all the exit scams/goxxing things have occurred over the years, with that said, after the last goxxing and the fact that we saw wide spread reluctance from all exchanges to publish proof of full reserves I just assume anyone stupid enough to leave their money on exchanges deserves to have their funds stolen. I think day traders (who are the only ones with a semi justifiable reason to keep funds on exchanges, are the free riders/leeches of the ecosystem. They aren't the Market makers they think they are, as bots have far out weighed their efforts years ago.
So to them I say, its been 10 years so there is no excuse at this point, its very simple: not your keys, not your fucking coins.
@_date: 2019-02-06 15:01:09
Is that Tatanya? I haven't seen her in ages. I always want her to do a cover of 'Eyes on Fire.'   
@_date: 2019-02-20 05:39:36
They just migrated to different platforms, Instagram, snapchat etc... the names changed, but game is the same.Not to mention other variations of them in outside the US (Wechat, VK, Tuenti, etc...). 
I'm not convinced anything has changed, I was an early adopter of DDG, and while its a step in the right direction we have to admit that this current form of the internet is designed to extract and exploit data, privacy is not really a priority; and just so its clear, its not just FB and Google trying to get your data, check out this link from Snowden's twtiiter:
@_date: 2019-02-28 02:26:36


Yes. There is no way to hold actual BTC on the cash app itself, there are no private keys; thus, you're unable to sell that position withing their system. You can, however, sell the 'non-btc' you purchase from them rather seamlessly. I've played with it, its really easy.
Your confusion is proving my point further here... I'm not really trying to sound mean, but this is why I think your position is so irritating, you never really looked into it. You just fabricated some claims to suit your own ignorant slant of what it does and doesn't do.
Use BISQ, that's probably a better option for your needs.
@_date: 2019-02-06 00:41:20
The truth is when BTC has wide spread adoption, most people won't even know what/how it works, much like the current economic model we're trying to subvert. If we're truly successful most won't even know anything changed.
You place too much value in the average person's understanding of a subject/object/theory in order for them to utilize it daily use and at wide scale. Best example is electricity, a computer or an ICE in a car. Amazing feats of engineering reduced to a simple and easy to use UI to achieve an intended goal for the end-consumer.
While this has an edgy bend to it, I just find it amusing after all these years seeing and hearing (younger) Amir, it brings back good memories of a better time in this community. At least it reminds us that we shall never forget that it was these 'unacceptable' Cryptoanarchist and Cypherpunks who built this despite the legacy and enterprise on-comers from the 'mainstream' trying to make it seem otherwise.
@_date: 2019-02-14 02:45:54


Tell that to Venezuelans, Libyans, Syrians, Ukrainians, Argentinians, Turks, Cypriots... I can go on.
I think you'll find they all felt and understood why these things matter very quickly when your currency collapses and capital controls are imposed. Especially as war often follows.
I don't care for what the Gate's foundation says or tries to do at this point other than directing some  funds into cool projects in this space. They're already too late to impose their M$ mode of operation and have it make any dent, look at Stellar/Ripple no one gives a fuck about it and what ever use-cases it may have are realistically made moot with a little bit of understanding of the LN. Ideally we get more seamless apps to make it easier, but overall this whole scalability and cost per tx argument that makes BTC impractical will be solved.
With that said, her narrative probably went over well, but I figure most people watching that show probably thought she meant something like Applepay or Samsungpay or the like as she makes no reference to any cryptocurrency and only the power of the smart phone or even the dumb phone in the case of M-pesa.
By the way, its hard to swallow how engendered these figures have become about the sex of their intended user when making the case for solutions for the poor or underrepresented. It's like they think they have quantified suffering and think it sales better and makes for a better hook when told from a certain narrative, which is odd at best and gross at worst.
@_date: 2019-02-20 20:47:34


I've given this a great deal of thought these past years as the community's attitude changed vastly after it broke 1k, and I've come to the conclusion that while the pre-2013 community and the mentality that followed it is by far the minority, it still exists and is still the driver of some of the best projects in this space.
If all you do is hang out here, and never go to a meetup or hacker-spaces than your view will ultimately be skewed to reflect that.
I'm not sure something like Satoshi Forest, and the amazing out-pour the community had with it, would fly would it be tried at this time but I think those of us that were around back then always knew that if this were to become what we needed it to be, we had to on onboard the average individual, who as you mentioned only cares about it as an investment vehicle. And that's to be expected.
Bitcoin never lost its Cypherpunk and Cryptoanarchist core, and this is just a matter of optics if you delve into it, but if you want proof just look into BTC's involvement in just these recent events: Ukraine Maidan Revolution, Venezuela's hyperinflation and currency collapse. Nopara's work with Wasabi is a good privacy project, as is Samurai's work in that space. Starkbot and the Lightening lab's Team is helping build a 'privacy default' system with Lightening network and is the most compelling part of the 2nd layer.
In short, the maxims outlined in Bitcoin's White paper is and have always outlived any FUD/Hardfork BS if you look close enough.
Moreover, as a person who was called 'crazy' on the BTF in the 'good old days' for what I thought BTC could do back in 2011, only to see Mega corps like IBM adopt 'Blockchain' do just that; who I eventually joined for a period due to my background, so I think its absurd to rely on (perceived) public sentiment to dictate your path forward with this tech.
So, I think I can say with some experience that its best to just go and make the progress you want to see (and subsequently fail and then continue to iterate) in this ecosystem rather than try to convince and wait for others to follow your message or ideas. I think that's what Opensource technology allows.
Ultimately, if you do succeed people will take notice and will ask how to get involved.
I'll take this current stage with a vast array of promising progress and a more somber online community tone rather than the crazy hey-days we had back then with no real idea of how we'd get there, if I'm honest; if I want my dose of enthusiastically crazy optimism, I'll just to hang out with Aerospace and EV people.
@_date: 2019-02-21 01:20:55


We all are, but that's no reason not to get excited to see such exponential rises in capacity, remember it was only about a year ago that this was a project that Elizabeth said not to put really coins onto. 
It shows just how remarkably fast we can scale something thought to have been years away in this ecosystem. I'm hyped regardless because much like Segwit this was what we should have been focusing on and directing our resources towards rather than the multitude of contentious hardforks and the endless bitching and division over the years. 
@_date: 2015-08-20 00:09:54
Awesome. Bypassing financial censorship is essentially where BTC shines and shows its amazing potential! 
Thanks, Pax! You reminded me of one of the greatest quotes on the matter: 


@_date: 2019-10-09 03:36:19
Yeah, I remember that, that librarian chick... who apparently implicated Jacob when he was removed is the one that ran it, right?
But, yeah that would be cool as an up-cycle approach to reusing nodes.
@_date: 2019-02-24 04:49:02
Nice one, gents. Time well spent, I'm sure. 
@_date: 2019-02-16 00:25:44


An OG Cypherpunk, on par with Hal, Nick, Wei etc... 
@_date: 2015-07-23 14:45:20
Right, yeah.. I've been using them for over a year now, so you'd think I'd know that. I wonder if I can get a referral, but then again they are already giving out free low-use accounts so that may be enough. 
@_date: 2015-08-20 23:29:27
Yeah that is cool, and a breath of fresh air amidst this ongoing fork non-sense; does anyone have that chart that got tossed around here that showed remittance figures. If I recall Mexico and the Philippines were the two highest from the US, but I can't recall Korea's figures. 
@_date: 2015-08-11 01:33:45
Holy fuck... I'm getting flashbacks of commercials of Colacao and Fanta but realizing I'm hearing a chick telling me about bitcoin. 
@_date: 2019-02-26 05:33:03


Well, dude, I wish you the best in doing that; but I'm not convinced they won't just try and do a death by 1000 paper-cuts if they fail agin; they have more resources, have lawyers to game this rigged system and will do this ad naseum until they realize it doesn't matter one way or another.
So, wait... there would be retroactive prosecutions? Ok, this would be a total witchhunt they could never accomplish, hell the IRS can't even keep staff after not getting paid, and retaining those that did to stick it out and get things done while they take on tons of backlog  this year without them leaving or burning out seems like an impossibility as tax collectors were severally affected from this last shutdown, possibly for years according to these sources:
I'm not here to provoke or poke the proverbial bear; I pay my taxes and advise the rest of us plebs to do so, but if what you said is true: its simply untenable and would be a mockery enforcement wise and would likely result in finally deeming this a moot threat in all respects. Which is the only real way to get this to blow over in my view.
@_date: 2015-07-13 17:26:54
So, you were on par with GOAT and you didn't do it?
Ehh, if I had that kind of coin I'd wait out for the LaFerrari to be sold for BTC. That thing is still haunting my dreams after having lived and worked in Maranello when it was being tested up and down Torre Maina. The sounds that thing makes is so intense that the downshifts literally feels like you're in an F1 GP. 
@_date: 2019-06-12 15:00:16


He's already wrong, but won't admit it because it poses an existential threat to everything he proposes as a viable asset class. Adam Back (the head of Blockstream) is asked to come speak at the G20 summit, not some rep from BH that should indicate the level of what the 'establishment' thinks of this tech.
But in all honesty, listening to this guy go on what the future holds for finance is like hearing a rant from an oil tycoon at a Tesla product launch, he's so out of touch with the modern era its entirely laughable. 
He was successful in what he sought out to do, make tons of money; but does that make this guy THE paragon by which we measure all future investments? No.
@_date: 2015-07-23 14:07:10
Purse.io works for amazon, and I think [Bitsumo]( was a thing in the early days. I don't know if its still the same guys as turn over is a churn-burn in this industry. 
@_date: 2015-08-11 06:04:26
Will watch this space. 
@_date: 2015-07-13 20:58:23
Oh, fuck... things just got real. A closed loop ecosystem just took a big step forward in case anyone hasn't noticed. 
Byrne is a fucking pioneer, the guy keeps impressing me. If he keeps this up he will also be the most hated guy in Ag, which is something I think may suit him well.


That is the purpose behind eating local, dude; so goes the saying: that is a *feature,* not a bug. This way you get to taste the seasons as they pass, don't worry if you're anything like me you'll soon be regretting not having eaten enough fresh tomatoes or zucchini in December despite having eaten metric tons of the stuff in the summer (not joking btw). 
@_date: 2019-10-29 18:58:12
That wasn't a 'recent' announcement at all, that Summit took place last year if you researched when it took place. That summit no longer exists anymore as the website was taken down.
And this is the translation from that twitter post from someone who speaks mandarin/cantonese:
"...Chinese Central Bank launching digital currency DCEP. It is a new  crypto-currency based on blockchain technology, and will be run/managed  using a 'double-layered structure', meaning Central Bank will exchange  DCEP to commercial banks or other financial institutions first..."
Edit: Now its up and showing an event took place on Oct 27-29.
This is such shady BS, I can't take anything that is said as real, which I think is the entire point of FUD.
Either way, I want to see what the CCP try to pull out of the hat, their economy is slowing down and this may be the proverbial band-aid over the gun shot wound that makes them have to unwind their dystopian nightmare approach to the World. Hong Kong demands are now more likely to occur than ever, I think.
Taiwan may soon see complete autonomy if they see China is weak(er) as they have US military backing.
@_date: 2015-08-11 01:22:31
It starts there, I imagine, but goes even further; as a community manager myself I'm involved in making sure that questions on specific aspects/caveats are throughly answered about an uncertain industry's legal landscape (cannabis industry), and I also create Original Content with said user base. And then I'm also responsible for getting events started and promoting said event surrounding our industry. Also personal consultations are another part of what I do, too as I'm also a farmer/grower. What I do actually shapes State legislation, which is conflicting as an anarchist. 
Its actually a lot more involved than I had initially anticipated, but its highly rewarding to see progress happen because of your direct involvement. 
As for Lords, Airbitz is an awesome wallet, so she should have her hands full. They do hang out a lot of crypto communities in the US so maybe she will be tagging along and doing PR stuff?
@_date: 2019-02-23 21:43:49


I think you'll find that is no longer the case for some time as they've gotten into mining: 
\&gt; It is good actually that they auction off any assets asap.
Agreed. We need to get those gox coins into the Market so we can see some stability in the supply. With tat looming over our heads we always face getting goxxed again. 
@_date: 2015-07-19 17:47:17
I don't have a specific reference off hand for mycelium hacks, I use it, too without having had any issues so far; my point is that when getting over the initial steep learning curve with bitcoin its best to start off with the applications that provide the greatest responsibility-security first with petty sums, that initial feeling of financial empowerment is enticing and once comfortable use the mobile and web wallet option with sums you're comfortable holding there as you have described. 
@_date: 2015-07-02 06:58:58




Get on it, lads!
100 bits
@_date: 2019-02-16 04:34:34


Here's the thing: this is likely to happen each and every time you use one of those. 
The convenience of having a Visa or MC logo on that thing is an indication of this occurring. It was Wavecrest killing off all those cards before that, too. Every time we try to insert that payment network into this space we seriously always end up back here, with even more backlash--though I'd argue the Wavecrest closure was bigger. 
This is why we needed to get Layer 2 with LN up and running asap, and onboard merchants that way to take it directly. I speak from experience when I say that anytime Visa or MC is involved: always assume this is going to happen. 
Its not random, its deliberate; we're gate crashing their monoplistic party, and this is the way the retaliate. There will always be short windows of operation in which their partners can obscure what it is that they are doing, but they will inevitably find out, and the last thing we should be doing is building on a system that relys on it, rather than creating infrastructure to rout around it.
I've come to realize, after all these years of using those cards, that when you sacrifice security for (perceived) convenience we forget why this tech was invented in the first place. And ultimately are left with a significant setback.
I just hope for your sake you have access to funds beyond what you loaded on that card, or at least someone back home that can send you some if needed. 


That is how its done: p2p! 
Vietnam, at least in the main cities, seems to be a very crypto friendly country. Makes sense since its a rather large recipient of remittances. 
@_date: 2019-02-16 17:27:43
Its not just terrible for the retailer/merchant is horrid for the end user to; in 2008 during the financial crisis when a lot of banks were consolidated they bought the outstanding debt from the CC holders of a insolvent bank.
[The most noticeable in the US was JP Morgan (illegally) buying out WaMu with the help of the insolvent FDIC in 2008, in what was at the time the biggest Bankruptcy in US History]( I have personal experience with this and could go into great detail, but suffice it say that we're really seeing the limitations of a consumer based society, the predatory practices of the banking sector is an acute symptom of it. Those we need to address, especially if, as most of us once desired, a post-scarcity society is to come into fruition with the advent of automation/asteroid mining/Mars colonization etc...
CC weren't a failure, so much as an experiment, and we've gathered significant info and data that suggests that they can be just as reckless as any financial instrument in the hands of predatory banks [who inflated this bubble to over a trillion dollars in the US alone with the QE and cheap money loans to keep this facade going](
So why we keep trying to coax that old model into crypto is baffling, having been guilty of it myself, but its only because we're trying to onboard an uniformed client with tools from the legacy system they are familiar with, rather than taking the time to educate them in masse ourselves.
@_date: 2015-07-07 04:13:10
Any farmers currently accepting--or open to the idea--BTC for local products at your resteraunt? A closed loop ecosystem will be the best example of why BTC matters in times of crisis; I remember the great medicine-crisis in Greece in 2012, I was so moved by what happened that I tried to gather as much attention for people in Germany and Switzerland to donate any close to expired medicine, as they have easy access to it. No one would bother and were hung up on the 'if they paid their taxes this wouldn't happen' narrative that I just gave up. 
Keep doing what you're doing!
Trokia OXI!
1000 bits
@_date: 2015-07-14 20:18:39
And he is surprised? This is exactly what he has been talking about for years, what exactly convinced him he could do otherwise is still perplexing to me. 
He had more merit as a guy who did guest speaking on Boom-Bust and other places than now as some 'disillusioned' politician. He entered into the belly of the beast, what the hell did he think was going to occur?
The only saving grace: 


I would say *pro-long a humanitarian crisis* is far more apt, but is otherwise a concise summary of the state of affairs; I have been in Syntagma (in spirit) since 2008, what has occurred since then has been soul-crushing. 
@_date: 2015-07-14 20:08:06
Needs more ouzu, gyros and souvlaki; still, I'm glad to see it happening, even under these circumstances. 
100 bits
@_date: 2019-12-24 10:50:36
Remember, you're dealing with what are essentially some of the the biggest privacy advocates in Tech as a whole, and on top that include a large dose of (healthy/unhealthy?) paranoia and possible schizophrenia and you start to get an idea of what the community is like in Real Life now.
He's saying you're using your sticker  as a casing operation, one in which you will later use to beat nerds into submission to give up Private keys with a $5 dollar wrench.
What's even odder is that in the beggining, people were sending each other bars of silver in the mail for bitcoin--knowing full well that the possibility of being scammed or later robbed was possible.
The OPSEC may have gotten better since then, and I honestly have my doubts, but the cost was one of a general sense of overwhelming paranoia--I'm guilty of this, too. I met some people at meetups that made me take alternative routes Home out fear of being followed, I didn't even think of it, I just did it and laughed at the absurdity of it all when I was sitting waiting in the car.
@_date: 2019-12-25 18:21:24
Look at what is happening with the Uyghur People and what is occurring in HK, I'm pretty fucking sure we do not want a 'resurgent' China.
I hope their economy collapses and the One China policy fragments into smaller nations, not because I want to further US hegemony, but because a strong China means more violence and genocide.
The economic backlash would be painful for the whole World, but the CCP/PRC has to be stopped and at least if its an economic collapse that means outright War will at least be averted.
@_date: 2019-12-03 23:40:53
What's crazier is the only exchange to try and ever make people whole again was a group of anons running out of E. Europe that were taken down by the fucking US government operating way beyond its scope!
No one's seen a fucking dime from Gox despite the Japanese Government intervening and telling people to wait and see. Chances are most of its value has been debased on purpose to de-legitimize the entire process.  
That says a lot about our Community, the only ones who play by the rules are those who get robbed by the US government for operating an exchange outside the US' jurisdiction. 
Coinbase was founded by ex Goldman Sachs with VC money to run scams in the open with alts like bcash, sales your info to 3rd parties and is still the de-facto exchange in total holdings if those analysis reports are to be believed. They find ways to withhold your funds, flag and reverse your transactions. 
What a World...
@_date: 2015-07-25 17:47:49


I literally chocked on my drink (a spiced tea and *squash* concoction) when I heard what the acronym HMRC stood for... Its like the worst parts of the Empire are all that remain where *pomp and circumstance* once stood. 
@_date: 2019-12-04 00:22:12


That's an optimistic take on what was quite clearly what BTC was supposed to avert; I still cannot wrap my head around the delusional Nature of non-anarchic views of BTC as a financial instrument  destined to be used to replicate the same BS that made the World's Economy collapse. 
As for OP's question: Fractional Reserve Banking. 
Tether, Bakkt, whatever may come after it are a ponzi scheme, its creation is a reflection of who we're dealing with in the Space: Snake oil salesmen trying to convince you the volatile World of fiat you just tried to leave is worth pegging your BTC to. Why exactly is that useful to anyone? 
Moreover, I've asked before but I will ask again to the traders among you: what assurances do we have that they cannot manipulate the price of BTC across the board with these instruments? Because while I welcome these low prices n order to get more, I think its clear that a consolidation of coins is a big concern for anyone not already in this space. And I think we're headed for the biggest onboarding and adoption phase soon if we are serious about making this a competitor with Nation State issued fiat.
@_date: 2015-07-08 18:00:27
Why? He should get involved with the NY guys with [Minds]( that already as a working platform in need of someone like him, especially since he should appreciate the need of an alternative to Reddit. 
@_date: 2019-12-25 18:14:54
Damn, despite that logo all I can see is a guy deep in reflection that his mother had to work 3 jobs. Its like despite being a pro-footballer, as presumbly well paid, he actually has the background for what might turn a person to BTC.
@_date: 2019-12-26 17:19:31
Honestly, as a head of a Meetup why not just set up a few trusted and vetted parties on Mycelium trader? Or just recommend them on Meetup page as 'trusted' sellers. You could just use Signal, too.
@_date: 2015-07-30 23:19:24
There is a dude in Berlin that goes out of his way to buy/sell, if you're in the area go over my post history from like 3-5 weeks ago, he should be in there as I tipped him. 
@_date: 2019-12-26 03:27:12


Yeah, this is sorely needed again; the p2p aspect of Crypto was vital in me thinking this made any sense at all. Up until then it was just an abstract thing we did on the Internet, then I saw  a room of nerds from various Industries talking, discussing, and launching businesses with this tech that they swapped nearly seamlessly  (this was before Mobile wallets). 
I know of two close friends who went down because of AML/KYC, its a shame as both are actually really good people who just wanted to share this tech. 
Bisq is actually the best option for Online buys, but we need to get the IRL thing back.
@_date: 2015-07-15 21:48:27
@_date: 2015-07-30 23:11:54
Hey, I driven one of these, the shift-tronic trans on it is rather disappointing, (left-right shifting?!) The 3.0 and 4-matic system made it rather sluggish for such a heavy car on the uphill. And finally the throttle by wire is so laggy.
Downhill in the mountains is where it really shines, though. Not a bad chassis in terms of handling for a Merc. And the design and styling is classy, too. 
@_date: 2019-12-06 09:19:49
Elmer Fudd's origin story?
*you could trade with miners on forums for their coins for whatever price  they wanted. Which thankfully back then was less than a penny a coin.  So yes you could trade for them,*
Actually, there were faucets that could give you large sums of BTC for free, and early adopters were just handing them out so that's unlikely; I think the earliest I saw a monetary value exchange on BTF was like late 2010 or so, maybe early 2011? Before that they essentially had no real monetary value so they were treated like 'fake internet money' and given simply away.
@_date: 2019-06-12 00:19:21
This is actually the only reason I was semi-interested in Skycoin/Skywire; but if these guys are willing to build around the BTC network, even better.
If this scales than we will have the infrastructure we should have had at least 5 years ago: awesome work, guys!
@_date: 2019-02-05 21:40:19


Pretty much this, the aceto on meat is a typical thing from Florence with a cut of beef that is similar in flavor profile and size, look up fiorentina and see what I mean--the acceto helps cleanse the palate as you will be eating that thing for a while and want to savour the dish as you go. Plus since its fermented, and still technically active in the bottle, its full of umami flavor to enhance the next bite.
Prepare to dish out the big bucks for it, too. The stuff my friend Giancarrlo's family made cost 1500euro per liter and won a ton of awards, and despite what anyone says to the contrary: the best aceto made in ER was made in Maranello, not Modena!
I'm a die-hard Emilia Romangna guy, too, but that Parma labeling stuff is really just a government cartel, tons of stuff from different regions enters the Market through black market farmer's markets for those in the know for far less money than the designated stuff. Often with better results as the farmer/artisan himself will be there to explain and be able to talk quality control and supply constraints, which is more important than geographic location as most of these places in ER are typically 5-10 miles away from one another.
I ran a kitchen in Maranello  and was privileged enough to meet the World's biggest Tifosi, I hung out at his house with all his vats (going back to the 19th century) and his aceto holds up to anything I tasted while in Modena from other artisans!
Anything labeled balsamico that is runny enough to need a reduction doesn't belong on meat, use that to dress your greens with olive oil.
Food snob mode on: Aceto on ice cream is good, but you shouldn't be eating strawberries if they need aceto, I never understood eating stuff like that out of season. I was once asked to make insalata caprese in the middle of Jan, so, after tinkering with a combination of vinegar and lemon to get things to some close to what you'd get in taste in late spring early summer ready for service for 100 I swore I'd never do something like that again. Enjoy fruit as Nature provided it, you can never out do that.
@_date: 2015-07-11 04:58:43
Sweet, where did they end up over all?
100 bits
@_date: 2015-07-23 13:56:20
Tell them to use Ringplus.com they can use a mobile network that uses Bitcoin as a payment option and they can attach a phone for accepting on a free account; the only caveat being they need to be Sprint phones. 
@_date: 2015-07-15 21:40:39
What is your company's position on KYC or AML, and your own pov?
@_date: 2015-07-23 14:25:33
support / 
@_date: 2015-07-14 15:37:50
I'm likely to wipe out an old laptop HDD, the motherboard fried and I have the thing in an external case, I just haven't had the time to do it. Plus I just tip people who put their's up in order to compensate mine being offline. 
@_date: 2015-07-30 22:08:51
I didn't lose a dime on Gox, I actually got in after the 2nd goxxing.
Yeah, there has to be a better solution than him wasting away at a privately owned for-profit, State-subsidized housing facility... Maybe something along the lines of a debtors-workcamp would be more appropriate?
@_date: 2015-07-10 00:19:50
Source? 
Didn't they preserve his penthouse up until 2001? It was quite luxurious for its time, and circumstances. I'm not suggesting he will have like a king, but at least have some comfort creatures to maintain his sanity in those god-forsaken places. 
@_date: 2015-07-01 05:16:02
100 bits
@_date: 2015-07-15 23:35:19
Well, I know I won't convince you (I've lived in England and its futile to argue otherwise) but it is sad to see you are so content with a system that you simultaneously perceive as 'free,' which its not, and has 'inevitable death' as a likely outcome of being waiting on donor/surgery lists. 
[I'd rather place my efforts and resources into [solutions like that of Martine Rothblatt that make people put responsibility onto the individual in a holistic manner for their own well-being]( but its also likely to decentralize Medicine and make a significant correction in the organ donor and human trafficking problem in the World--I just read about Planned Parenthood selling aborted fetuses on the black Market today and was sickened at the idea. [As well the Homonoculous, which if refined will be a major shift in patient-tailored medicine.](
@_date: 2015-07-01 05:46:14
@_date: 2019-12-16 11:49:58
Other than the self-serving narrative that things must be fiercely pursuing an inclusion of all genders to be accepted/mainstream narrative (I personally don't care for this, I selected a female co-founder despite her gender solely because of her merits for my startup) what does this achieve? I mean seriously, I think its patronizing at best, and 'positively' prejudice at worst to make these claims. 
I also helped a group, who was led by a female developer, win at a hacka-thon by introducing THEIR project and setup a pitch to the guys that were paying a nice crypto payout, solely  because it was a good idea, not because the team's leader didn't have a Y chromosome. Unblike the students who got crappy stuff like chromesticks and the like, they got 20k in an Alt-currency that if they listened converted at least 50% into BTC and have a nice windfall from a proof of concept. 
I'm of the opinion that we reached a saturation point sometime in 2016 amongst the 'technorati' and we would be best served in understanding this and reaching out toward the masses, regardless of colour, sex, race etc... if we are to achieve a new benchmark in terms of adoption. Nonsense like this is what the MSM resorts to get eyeballs and heads to nod in absentminded agreement when they have no substance to their subject matter; we're better than that. At least, I thought we were;  when I used to hold workshops on Bitcoin 101 it was clear that a it was mainly female-centric in my region, mainly older women trying to grasp the concept and considering diversifying their holdings, did that alone make me re-arrange my POV or slides to fit that profile? No.
That would be condescending considering the fact that a Female runs LN development (starkbot), and Bit-Pesa was founded by a Women (Elizabeth Rossiello) as well. We should keep this quote in mind when trying to grasp the complexity of Einstein's relativity in the 20th Century, before succumbing to the brain-dead trap of gender vetting:






@_date: 2019-12-24 09:47:02
Pretty low from what I recall, I think it was 3 or 4% where I was, and then I forgot about it and left it in my backpack... by the time I found the ticket again BTC had already increased in price and made the fee irrelevant as I had made a profit, albeit small, on the purchase.
I'd say the biggest impediment is the KYC/AML stuff, they have facial recognition software trying to match your ID pic and your selfie and it can be hit/miss due to lighting and such and you might have to speak with Customer Service, who are actually really cool. I had a 45 min conversation with one and they gave me some cool metrics and analytics they've seen over the year.
@_date: 2015-07-09 15:08:23
Well done. It has a *panic in the airport* brochure kind of feeling, is this our Fight Club propaganda we place all over in the lobbies of Banks?
1 Subvert (I will make it a thing after this!)
100 bits
@_date: 2019-12-04 00:33:02
So, Westwood was really based on these guys, huh?
In all seriousness, that's cool, but the land near Ivanpah would have been a better choice, its cheap as well but has access to the World's largest Heliostat: 
That town/municipality has sought for that area to be an eco-driven economy, one which was making sweetheart deals left and right for anyone willing to venture that far out to make it happen a few years ago. $1.2 million for anything in California is a bargain in today's over inflated Real-estate/Housing Market, let alone for an actual Town, so they did well o initial capital outlay. I just wonder where a PR guy and Hostel can take this, is this the Citadel finally breaking ground?
It must be hard to envision an entire town dedicated to Mining, especially since it doesn't seem to be near the grid, which suggests having to create the solar/wind infrastructure themselves?
@_date: 2019-12-23 17:01:48
For those not paying attention, it seems clear now in hindsight that 2014's Maidan revolution and the role Bitcoin played was a total success. It did what I have always thought really successful revolutions do, convey an ideology and create its substance as it goes withing a local context--learning from the past events and making projections for what could be in the future. 
Its hard to believe that it was literately impossible to see this very image 5 years ago on the streets of Kiev which were ablaze with displays of violence; the Revolution had caused a shortage of currency and the hyperinflation that followed devastated the nation. 
The subsequent violence that took place between Russia and the West, while unfortunate and sad was perhaps the necessary stimulus to make something like this occur, it looks so insipid but Ukraine became one of the most Bitcoin friendly nations on Earth since then. Not because guns were and blood were drawn for it, but because they as a People found utility and adoption was gained organically due to need. 
Sidenote: Most don't realize that Ukraine, specifically the Crimea region is actually a breadbasket of Europe; it has a dark past, given the gulags but it has some of the most amazing top soil in all of Continental Europe. Which is odd given Chernobyl's impact, some parts of Germany never really recovered due to the fallout for example. Those leeks and carrots look absurd by most places standards, but the stuff that comes out of there is rather remarkable.
@_date: 2015-07-11 05:00:29
Not trying to make excuses, because the guy was a horrible person; but, life exptancy wasn't great back then, much less for someone in the mob.
Anyway, ok, bad analogy... lets just get him the best treatment  bribes can buy instead of an appeal process leading no where. 
@_date: 2015-07-14 15:55:42
I'd totally make that if I were back in Germany; any radler?
100 bits
@_date: 2015-07-02 06:59:08
100 bits
@_date: 2019-12-24 13:28:42
Sigh... this isn't surprising, but still pretty damn sad. I kept trying to advocate for why having fintech solution in mind moving forward was critical,as it was already pretty horrible, but I was seen in a  poor light, possibly even as a shill.
@_date: 2019-06-27 10:30:40


I was never a caffiene guy, but back in the day for these bull runs I'd be on a combination of Whisky, Vodka, or that one time I was on Raki... to just calm the nerves and get through the night(s).
Now after all this time, I'm cool with sun bathing, taking a walk, and maybe 1/2 a kombucha. That's enough to keep me up at 4:45 am right now.
I learned to take my health much more serious after all these years, this shit will wear you down if you let it become your whole Life; but more importantly I have come to realize that money is useless if you have severely damaged your health to acquire it.
@_date: 2015-07-03 00:01:56
Fancy. That shiny acrylic encasement and lcd makes our pi or old laptop/pc devices look old hat.
100 bits
@_date: 2019-12-26 03:21:27
Actually, they've reported to made a profit, I'm on mobile right now but you can find it here if you look for it. 
Also, Cash is not an exchange, think of it more like a add-on service to Square, which much like paypal/Venmo et al, incurs fees. The difference being Dorsey pays Developers to work on Core FT, and he goes to Africa to try and see how to penetrate one of the most vital parts to this model. That's more in one year than anything Armstrong has ever done in the entire History of CB. 
Of all the non-exchange options, I think Cash is the best. And they banned me! But still... my outlook is based on a much broader look of the ecosystem, and its was healthier than it ever has. You have to remember the fact that we have a Fintech Billionaire pushing for BTC to be the native currency of the Internet speaks volumes in tech circles. He's on first name basis with guys like Elon Musk, who I'm sure will have to figure out further applications to monetize Starlink.
@_date: 2015-07-19 16:42:21
Thanks for doing this, you should join up with pax and see if you can get this to a greater demographic as they have been swamped with inquiries. 
The only thing I can say is that this shouldn't be conveyed with a feminist bend, what we're talking about is financial censorship and this applies to all sexes; this should be about empowering the individual (regardless of sex/gender) to determine how they control their money in a way that suits their needs best. 
1 subvert
PS: Please add cold storage or at least paper wallets to the event, the whole point of bitcoin is to be your own bank. the worst thing to happen is a new user to get burned by coinbase for being a 'suspected user' and having their account in limbo/funds inaccessible; we are not paypal, bitcoin allows you to be your own bank: embrace it.
@_date: 2019-02-22 03:19:58
Its a multitoken wallet like Coinomi, but also functions as a hardware wallet connected to the Internet?!
I'll stick to the tried and tested cold wallet method, I'm sure the fappening equivalent to their wallets will occur at some point before this fad dies out. As it is, they showed quite a few HD wallet vulnerabilities at this year's CCC. 
@_date: 2015-07-13 21:03:56
If that is the case, you may try to pitch this to your local farmer's market merchant; at the height of the season where tons of stuff is just not moving off the shelf fast enough, farmers will do anything to get rid of the perishable inventory. 
This way they get their fiat, and you get to pay with BTC; and when you become a regular you help them take off the training wheels and come brag about it here for misc tips and banter. 
@_date: 2015-07-25 18:37:50
That is how a proper business operates, prioritize your and your clientle needs first but never forgetting to engage with the community. 
Keep doing your thing, Pax.
1 subvert
@_date: 2015-07-31 04:39:08
That's good? I got the same plan using Ringplus.net and I pay $20, plus I can pay with BTC. 
@_date: 2019-12-03 23:42:13
@_date: 2015-07-27 22:11:34
I just heard from a friend that does consultation: he says $65/hr is the normal rate, so convert that to Kuna.
Also, where is this cafe so I can send some btc to my friends in Zagreb to buy something (is it that 'house of cake' place with all the mirrors near the city center?). I spent a lot of time in Zagreb and at the time their was only talk about an ATM sometime in the future, its cool to see merchant adoption taking place in what I always thought would be a cash-based country. 
Though if I'm honest, 30 hours seems excessive; if you're good a 2-3 hour consultation for q/a regarding the mechanics, process and legal implications (none in HR if I remember correctly) and the rest is implementation, set up and diagnostics on your machinery. Which should be wrapped up in no more than 10-15 hours or so. 
I personally just walk people through the ATM purchases (although I'm not a fan of ATMs!) and getting situated with crypto is reward enough, and I get invited to a bunch parties and events for free; but if this is a CV building affair, then yeah, charge what you think is fair and most will respond positively if you do it correctly. 
Croatia and the Balkans in general is a hard place to do business, though in my experience; its a great holiday destination and people make up for it. 
@_date: 2019-12-24 09:43:21


'They' (Coinme) are a separate company in WA piggy-backing off the infrastructure Coinstar have in most stores in the US in order to gain traction; the machines themselves are irrelevant, the same thing was seen in Switzerland with them using SBB kiosks because how widely accessible they are. 
I've spoken with the company itself, and as an experienced user I think its a good primer for noobs to dip their toes in with, the Team itself is seeing a lot of traction from an older demographic buying smaller sums. For what, I don't really know but my guess is that its just to play around with.  They also have a lot of odd things they do for 'customer protection' that I didn't like but I can understand why they have it in place for who they are targeting. 
Having been used to p2p private txs for my purchases I can't say I'd use it myself, but for recommending it to others who don't have the inclination to protect their privacy, I'd say its one of several options that is easier than others and the fee is decent unlike a lot of BTMs.
@_date: 2019-12-03 04:25:21




I agree with both sentiments, but you can easily replace the word  f\*\*\*y, with Cyberpunk. Because that is exactly what this thing is out of, the event , in fact Musk himself is a damn near personification of your stumbling Hero figure out of those same dystopic cyberpunk novels.
Grimes, his girlfriend who is/was a pretty hardcore anarchist, is really influencing him too; her dystopic Bladerunner intro, the 'we appreciate power' music video... my first reaction to all of it was 'no, not yet...' but now I realize that you have to be that brazen, we did 10 years ago in many ways so maybe it really is a matter of 'no time like the present.' One need only look at Hong Kong, that's what is happening to the World, and we need to make it as acceptable as possible, but nothing more, because it really is that dire.
@_date: 2019-02-26 17:17:33
Yeah, and this is what leads to massive confiscation of funds in that Industry, which then leads to a sort of bank account whack-a-mole in desperation of keeping the thing afloat. I've seen it too many times. 
If I remember correctly, she accepted LN payments, too. But as is often the case, the legacy system far outweighs the crypto side in use. 
There are complaint systems in place in CA, which have actually done an amazing job at keeping pace with the legislation to keep bank accounts alive. I don't know of another state that can actually say the same. But CO is just egregious and the small(ish) MJ industry suffers.  


This is what I think is soft consolidation, it will eventually fall into financial distress and one of the big players will either buy it up if its deemed to be profitable location, or simply board it up for pennies to remove competition in the Market. 
CO has been the M$ of the MJ/hemp Industry for sometime now, I don't expect that to change, if anything it will only get worse until you have a defacto cartel/monopoly as its just a war of attrition now. 
@_date: 2015-07-16 17:36:32
1 subvert
@_date: 2015-07-19 17:22:44
Do you remember how many 'I lost my bitcoin stories' pop up around here throughout the years using malware infested phones and web-wallets on computers? 
Chances are these are not the most tech savvy people with a great understanding of OpSec, some may be sharing PCs with family or children who likely dl anything and everything on Windows box. 
At least paper wallets serves as good primer, that if needed, can be used to sell when available and the private key is only known to the creator. I suggest paper wallets because it appeals to the human condition that something isn't real, much less of value, if not tangible--I've tried for too long to combat this, but have since acquiesced. 
In many ways I wish Foxxy were back in the community just for this, she was really the best suited for tackling the Sex worker adoption phase of Bitcoin. I know she won't, as even I struggle to use Reddit as its aplatform that doesn't allow for free speech and goes out of its way to censor its users. The mods here should have a *mea culpa* and reach out to her as they should be able to see the value in her efforts.
@_date: 2015-07-23 15:17:30
Top up option, they require a CC for initial setup, unfortunately, if you want a non-free account; once registered you top up your account after confirming your new package. They will show you a qr code and will auto-refresh, after a block confirmation it usually prompts you that you have paid. 
I must warn you: I only used their service because they were the first mobile service to accept BTC in the US, they have only 3g (I have spotty/inaccessible 4g reception in even the most biggest cities) on a 4g Nexus and the Sprint network isn't the most easy to locate in the 'sticks.'
@_date: 2015-07-15 21:43:09
Update us with some stats when you get a chance.
100 bits
@_date: 2019-04-15 21:55:08


That's a buying opportunity, noob!
Just got a position in at 5050, positive news after a purchase always makes me smile, even if there is a small blip. People forget 100-1000 swings were a normal thing.
@_date: 2019-04-15 21:59:18
I can't give you every single line item, 'fam,' but consider this is the front line for freedom fighting, 22 million isn't as much as you think. Consider how much stuff like TOR costs, Jacob was a key figure in both btw, and the talent that works their for free because funds are scarce. 
Also worth noting: Wikileaks are earlier adopters and recipients of BTC, Satoshi himself was opposed to the community getting involved given their notoriety; we said 'fuck that,' and did it anyway. 
He left soon after... 
So they likely have way more than what was given. A part of me wishes Julian was one of the whales just trading in the embassy for fun, hopefully it kept him sane to some degree.
I think you need to do some  brushing up in Cypherpunk and Cryptoanarchy History rather than just post on Reddit and think you're involved in the community.
@_date: 2019-04-09 00:10:23
Arbitration and conflict resolution has to occur on some level in any civilization, which in its current model (Nation-state level courts) is still done and maintained by the State; and as one would expect, held up to their horrid standards: Ross' case for example.
This is more apt to 'libertarian logic,' which is fucking imbecilic and quite honestly one of a closet statist for when they are rich enough to use the violence of the State for their own ends.
@_date: 2019-12-24 08:47:39
It remains the coolest thing I've ever done with Bitcoin to date, and I've done some pretty fucking rad stuff with this tech throughout the years.
If you're really inclined to see it as it unfolded (most of it was taken to PM) follow my post History to that time, and you'll see how the grassroots aspect help overcome the immediate need for protestor's needs during the Maidan: they made make-shift hospitals, bought shoes, and a soup kitchen with power generation spots.
The Maidan was a success if only because it the made Ukrainian people aware that the powers that be will remain regardless of name or faces, and as such alternatives, like BTC, needed to be explored. The plutocrats bought in, and made legislation favourable for thier positions, but the People too have adopted this as an option, as seen here. It was paid and had a large cost(s), that much is sure, but if there are Bitcoin friendly places in the World I'd prefer live in, Ukraine is the only one I'm really considering, and I live in a 'tech city' in the US that has Crypto presence/awareness to an extent.


Honestly, this makes me want to pack up and leave right now. The education aspect is the biggest hurdle, so many great projects have failed because they came too early to Market to a distrustful or all together uniformed clientele--I pretty much had to pivot to Education by 70% where my fintech solution was about 30% of what we were doing by the time we were done.
It is my belief that the better educated the populace are of the technology the more likely the project has to succeed at making itself viable.
@_date: 2015-07-30 23:16:22
1 subvert
@_date: 2015-07-02 06:55:20
100 bits
Any tips for port forwarding, so I can direct others to your post in the future. 
@_date: 2019-04-09 18:35:22


Again, I'm familiar with the tech and really wouldn't need your services as I would prefer to run my own node and channel(s), which is why I suggested waiting for Lightening labs-Square partnership; but just to be clear: I opened the door to you to specifically outline why someone would chose Breez over a competitor if they were not familiar with the tech and simplicity to accept LN payments was their aim.
@_date: 2019-12-20 18:54:07




Done! The guy really is a true example of what a Human can be, and how a seemingly ruined life can emerge with greater insight into his Humanity as a result; he doesn't regret his lost fortune from a book (haha!) as a loss and instead will use the opportunity to further freedom and help those hapless souls who had the least to give and in turn helped him when he needed it most. 
If Edward wasn't known for being the most hated and hunted man on Earth for what he did exposing the NSA's hacks and the Cables of the 5 eyes etc... this alone solidifies his place in History in my book. 










I did just that! I started his book when it came out but Life got in the way as I got into the first 5 chapters and my reading list also doubled in that time, but one thing that struck out to me is a common theme in all of the coolest people I've met in crypto/tech: We all fell in love with the Internet for the potential it had in not just connecting us over it as medium, but to unite Humanity and rally it to elevate the Human Condition itself in a way never possible. 
It's remarkable how recurring that same story keeps coming up the closer I look, and for some it happened earlier in Life than others (we're both the same age so it moved me). 
When he says his only regret is that he didn't act sooner I just want think: the World is a much better place because you're in it, Ed; I hope you truly know and understand that.
@_date: 2015-07-16 00:13:45
1 subvert
@_date: 2019-04-09 01:21:53
What was the price rise in 2017 fueled by if not (young) ignorant people believing many millennial aged 'influencer' youtube stars, filling their heads that they'd get rich quick? We don't need that fiasco again, especially as Segwit/Bcash drama has run its course and Layer 2 is coming along nicely during this price dip.
Honestly, you make this sound like its some sort of pyramid scheme with posts like these. If those 'youth' were smart they would have looked into the tech and bought the dip and held on to it because of its fundamental use cases that have developed just in that time they bought at ATH.
They can already buy if they're under 18, if they use as it was meant to be used in a p2p manner--hell I saw a 17 year old incoming college kid buy like $5 Ethereum before the semester started a few years ago. Or go on BISQ or Myclium trader if you need alt to that.
I'm convinced Bitcoin's critical mass moment will only occur when the young and old alike won't even know they're using Bitcoin at all, until then you're expecting everyone who can drive a car to be a mechanical engineer capable of discerning what every part in a car is for: in which case you will die trying to do what is impossible.
Focus on the tech, and do your part to increase use cases while making it so easy and approachable that they think its just as easy as sending a text/email with some online banking user interface to get them on-board if you want to do something actually productive; after being in this for nearly 9 years now, everything else just looks scammy as hell to me.
@_date: 2019-04-04 23:36:21


Try again, I got stacks of business cards that say otherwise; more often than not they're too cheap to want to actually deploy proper systems and POS to operate successfully. I could have them on BTCPAY with a BTC and LN node and an intuitive POS system with an encrypted messaging (for tech support) device and cold wallet storage option(s) in a matter of days/weeks if they paid me enough, if I was able to walk away after deployment and staff training.  I even threw in free workshops and software updates for them and staff if they gave me asking price.
No one took my offer.
@_date: 2019-12-25 17:39:53
$650 for the Model S, which was do-able, but $250 is even better any link?
Edit: Saw it on amazon, but they only have Aventador, and I saw LaFerarri (which looks cartoonish) and a P1. I might just get that RC Terzo Millenio on a post Xmas special instead.
@_date: 2019-12-03 05:04:03


Pretty much a standard roadster style since the 40s, really; very avant-garde tones especially the silver finish, mixed with techy futuristic stuff like meshed carbon fiber skin, the tail light contracting/expanding like a muscle was an odd but fascinating touch.
The whole thing is an 'ode to love,' as it were...  that's straight from the designer. I'd go crazy being in that thing for even an hour, seeing red everywhere is not something I associate with pleasure, but rather being so infuriated that I can't see anything but that colour. So being behind the wheel of that thing on public roads with pedestrians sounds utterly insane.
@_date: 2019-04-06 08:33:36


It's actually one of the oldest work-arounds from the early days, didn't really work... check out sericapay, who went out of business pretty fast despite VC and YC money. The more complications you add, especially using centralized systems, the more vulnerabilities and losses you'll have to incur as you try and keep it operational. 
@_date: 2019-04-10 18:36:09


This is why I don't get why non-anarchists are involved in BTC at all, I get the greed aspect, but if you really see how this all works you will come to realize what the real goal of this tech is: a Global Society unfettered by the absurdity imposed by the State. One that will allow us to experiment freely with how Societies and Communities are structured; much how the Internet itself was supposed to allow, and sort of did for a short window. 
Bitcoin itself doesn't just solve any problem, its a tool, a means to an end; a network and a unit represented by a series of elegantly made code form a Global community of developers that operates on the network on the Internet, nothing more. Asking if we have the right to transfer something like this freely is like asking if we have the right to exchange ideas or thoughts: its self evident that we do. as Humanity is based on the premises of exchange.
Simply buying alone was never enough, to be truly engaged in this movementand community you need to be an activist about this and create use-cases to serve and fit this model, after having been through the trails and tribulations these past years I can now firmly see a bright, albeit difficult future, it was worth pursuing given how much progress we've made. But it takes real dedicated people making it all possible.
Cryptoanarchy isn't something most took serious until BTC, even during the 1st crypto wars, now, its become mainstream.
@_date: 2019-04-13 06:16:32


Seriously this. But I fear BTC won't do much if he's subject to a kangaroo court process and trial.
He's an OG cypherpunk and his work prior to Wikileaks is just as important as it was after, this guy is at the core of why Cypherpunk/Cryptoanarchy is so important, Free Journalism and the means to distribute it is now capable of prosecuting a foreign citizen (Australian and Ecuadorean national) in a violation of UN/International Law and Ecuadorean Constitutional Law.
We need to build a new internet with built-in anonymity as a standard if we're truly to have anything remotely possible of creating a Free Press, nothing else will do: that much is clear.
I fear Jacob Appelbaum is next, as he got those same charges thrown at him and it put a chilling effect on his involvement with the TOR project.
@_date: 2019-04-25 12:27:15


But seriously, its amongst other things (like Games, Travel, and Porn directory) an Amazon like equivalent for Japanese Market:
I forget the hafu's name, she's a big deal in the modeling scene over there apparently.
Edit: Rora/Rola, it was bugging me so I had to look it up.
@_date: 2015-07-14 19:49:16
Agreed. He may not be on David's or Goebbels' level quite yet, but he has read the classics and some stuff has bled into his oratory. 
That first DW promo, the spot for their Indiegogo, gave me goosebumps the first time I watched it. It took me a few days to realize what elements induced them. 
@_date: 2019-12-03 23:25:03
Interesting take, its a sort of exit scam in which they will operate under the pretense of tax abiding activities (trading) only to tell the local tax authorities 'we got screwed by hackers.' 
My question is, does it actually work? 
If so, that's actually really interesting.
@_date: 2015-07-13 16:36:07
100 bits
But, I think a video with a focus point on running the terminal commands and opening the port is much needed; please consider adding this to your tutorial. 
@_date: 2019-04-04 23:53:40
Ok, Homework time for a numbers guy: if BTC's market cap is X after this recent surge what is LN capacity in terms of percentage to that?
I think Kroger could easily do 1 million/day if it had enough locations in the US trying out this tech, and if we as a community went out in decent numbers to stress test the network and look for vulnerabilities. My local safeway still accepts all major CCs, despite being in a tech centric town but I'd drive 20-50 miles to test if need be.
@_date: 2019-04-09 01:01:50
For the uninitiated (crazy BTC story from all of this, too) : 
Bottom left pic sums it up nicely. 
This is just acquiescence after a (fools) war of attrition, the same thing happened with banks; the tipping point for critical mass may still be way off, but fighting this paradigm shift is stupid and most corps will try to ride the coat tails until they get Kodak'd or Blockbuster'ed out of existence.
@_date: 2015-07-10 00:20:37
Hey, weren't you the guys with the relatives in the BTC sponsered rally or something. 
@_date: 2015-07-14 17:02:27
Neither of them are core devs, though: does Cody even code, I thought he was a keen propagandist with CAD/CAM skills (DD)? 
Pablo is the biggest missing piece of the puzzle, I hope he recovers/feels better from whatever made him take a sabbatical because as days pass and I see the people getting involved in this space I hardly recognize the BTC community anymore--the UnSystem guys kept giving me perspective on the bigger picture.  I just strive to make sure our ideals and efforts aren't washed away amongst the vapid and myopic goals these get-rich-quick types are fomenting these days.
@_date: 2019-12-03 23:30:48


One of his sons did commit suicide: [
Madoff committed blatant crimes (ponzi scheme, and embezzlement) with celebrities money, while I'm less sympathetic to the rich being fleeced he still remains one of the few people who actually went to jail for his financial crimes whereas the crooks at JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs, Meryll Lynch etc... walked away clean for fucking the World's economy. Hell, Jon Corzine (A FORMER SENATOR) was buying chateaus in France with his ill-gotten gains as MF global was collapsing.
If tax funds are really just used for that purpose then I'm glad these exchanges are not paying tax, I only wish I was so lucky.
@_date: 2015-07-15 22:12:18
By 'free' you mean is state subsidized, and we're talking about the UK which has the greatest Debt-GDP ratio of any Western nation. 
I agree the US model is broken, but the UK NHS model is perhaps even worse due the consequences and long-term implications it has over a broad amount of the population. 
@_date: 2015-07-15 21:56:46
Colloidal silver, its the most potent anti-microbial in the universe... oddly enough the process by which it functions still elude us--which as a biologist intrigues me even more, I have theories about protein inhibition but they fall apart when dealing with fungus and viruses. 
I had a bad eye infection after going on a long cycling trip and a ton of debris was kicked into my eyes for an entire weekend. When I got home I felt it.
Luckily I had been experimenting this stuff as nasal irrigation after surfing in the Pacific (filthy) almost daily, and it worked almost instantly. The swelling was still present for another a day or so, but the pain had all but subsided.  I'd recommend ~100ppm for daily topical use.  
I was pissed my company would deduct health care from my salary, I hadn't seen a physician since sophomore year in university... but then again we had yearly physicals so I couldn't do away with entirely. 
@_date: 2019-04-04 23:32:50


MASSIVE legal liability, also these guys are dealing with law changes on a monthly (sometimes weekly basis) that could cripple them in legal fees and possible shutdowns for things outside of payments; especially in CO given the precedence they set last year. I was averse to Rec legalization in CA as it actually had a really good model, one that despite my startup being BTC centric (for the Hemp industry) made me realize that its not a one-size fits all situation and could function as is with careful legla framework protections for merchants and fintech startups. 
CA has the most business friendly approach that I've seen so far in that respect and framed their laws around ensuring the small mom-pop farm/franchise can continue to thrive, unlike CO/WA/OR where it was an obscene money grab and war of attrition of who has the deepest pockets. Now, delivery stuff is another matter, which apparently is a cluster fuck, but that's last-step logistics not finance or growing so outside my domain. 
CO is really one of the harshest to deal with in the US, too many lobbying interests and big money fuck up this Industry more than it already is--hence why four corners CU went nowhere despite dropping 250k into that project (Federal Reserve charter not issued, and taken all the way to the Supreme Court) went the way it did.
I could go on, but the MJ Industry wanted our help the most and I got pitched and interviewed at several of those startups, but their are way too many complications to even try and make a work-around happen.
I'm curious to see how long they'll be able to operate before they get hit with some sort of infraction from the CO department of revenue or IRS or some other entity as this cannot go on for too long before it raising some serious red flags. Even though this is the most transparent why to monitor incoming funds/purchases in real time!
@_date: 2019-04-07 21:37:42
Make the next one with Starman in a new Roadster T-top with new ATH in the center screen instead of the 'don't panic!'
@_date: 2019-04-09 18:09:51




@_date: 2015-07-13 23:39:32
werd. 


I killed an SD card trying download the thing when I first set up my node, albeit it was an older one I used for my DSLR. 
@_date: 2019-04-09 00:44:51


[This guy?]( It reads like some corporate drone who decided to jump ship after some previous projects in that World, nothing particular nefarious from what I can see, what are you suggesting we look at it?
If I'm honest, I'm waiting for LN labs with a partnership with Dorsey/Square to bring the real user friendly version to Market, they have so much user data to draw from in order to create a simple to use package. I'm glad the others guys are trying, as they have cool features, but its the same reason I still recommend Mycleium to noobs rather than Wasabi or Samurai, they know what demographic (mass user) they're catering to and how to deliver this product to them.
@_date: 2019-04-09 07:11:11
Just saying your CV reads more like a corp drone that get fed up and left, not uncommon in this space, rather than some scammer.
But since I got you here, what would you say is the greatest strength of your product for a person/merchant who isn't very familiar with the tech but would like to accept payments via LN. I'm seeing some obvious centralization pitfalls, but I'd like to hear what you have to say for that scenario as more are becoming interested in LN.
@_date: 2015-07-01 06:02:29
@_date: 2019-04-01 03:55:15
kek, his best work yet... Dorsey, hire this man! 
@_date: 2015-07-15 22:05:54
Same thing happened to me, oddly enough (not really) it was a large pharmaceutical company that bought it out. Luckily I have been self-medicating and eating well since I left University at all costs in order to avoid going to a hospital ever again. 
I was just at an ER this month for a relative, who has really good coverage, and the obscene amount of time you have to wait for patient care is abhorrent, so much so that I fear what happens to those in dire need of it. I once saw someone in urgent care bleeding unconscious (she looked as if she was in car wreck) on a bed in hallway while the nurses and doctors were scrambling about the entire floor with other patients, it scared me for life. 
It was then that I realized that this industry (of which I was forcefully aligned to due to mergers-acquisitions) will sooner destroy itself before it corrects itself, and the article affirms my position. 
@_date: 2019-04-07 00:44:04
Did she put that pay in BTC volatility thing she talked about in that interview yet? That is a cool idea, and huge vote for BTC if she did move forward with it. As a concept I can see how it would work when there aren't many people purchasing in BTC, but if given enough time people could just undercut her with CBD products or something.
But she sounds like one of us, so I'm glad she is open to this. Accepting btc for cannabis products make sense, on paper/theory, but its a huge pita to deal with the dept of revnue as is. But since she's keeping the bitcoin then that eliminates the biggest hurdle: Fiat. 
@_date: 2019-04-07 21:30:27
What's  with the card in the pic? 
@_date: 2019-04-11 04:38:10
Jesus fuck... 


@_date: 2019-04-06 08:27:37
At BTC mom's spot in Boulder? 
She should be supported; she isn't converting back to fiat, which while not just a pragmatic thing on the legal side for (what is likely a small % of her sales) but also has huge upsides on price rises like the latest one. Good use-case on both ends as a medium of exchange. 


Guess not, she has LN enabled payments. When Coinbase finds out they're going to shut their account down and freeze the money, let them know to reach out to BTC mom's people, to get up to speed. I'd offer my services, but they won't pay me what I'd want for such a project. 
@_date: 2019-04-13 06:08:33


That's wikileaks, so operational costs, and such.   
This is specifically for Julian Assange's situation. How that will be spent is beyond me.
@_date: 2019-04-12 05:05:44
Smart move, but consider the tech side of things; mempool can be attacked and tx don't jump to $100, or hours, Segwit is in place and constantly increase block size, LN is pushing the boundaries of Layer 2 and is backed by Jack Dorsey, the CEO of Square etc... this is really a much better place then where were 2 years ago, I just hope that the new wave of investors aren't the same we saw last time. They didn't get burned by the tech, they got burned by their greed for a 'sure thing,' hopefully some saw BTC for what its really for. and stuck it out long enough to get really involved.
@_date: 2019-04-06 08:29:42


Wait, I'm confused... I thought they were on a LN payment processing channel? Why are they using Coinbase rather than their own private wallet if they're not selling it for fiat, as she claimed in that recent interview?
@_date: 2019-04-04 10:23:37
I should hope not, given his scams; but he did try to portray himself as the saviour of PR after the storm... and in common scumbag fashion he just got up and left and bought a house in NL. What a fucking tool!
How has the recovery gone, and what part has BTC played in helping that happen?
@_date: 2019-04-04 23:41:32


So irresponsible, they expect a low paid budender/trimmer to work under these conditions and they wonder why they hemorrhage money left and right. Most would have just ran off with the money., good on you for at least having some integrity in what is really a messed up Industry
They really are close to most short-sighted people I've encountered in any Industry, perhaps only less so than the DOA's pass to big Ag in environmental issues.
@_date: 2019-04-13 06:55:03


While his sentence might be less than what Ross got, its still a dangerous precedent to set that running a website alone can implicate you on charges that include, but are not limited, to drug trafficking, money laundering.
Why did none of the HSBC guys go to prison for their involvement in large scale money laundering? Or RBS for active fraud, or FOREX scam etc...
These guys should be held to a higher standard as their are agencies regulating and forcing them to comply with Law, and yet its DPRs that get sent to prison?
If i weren't so jaded by this system I would be in a fit of rage all the time, but we've come to realization that the plague is universal its not about East v West, but rather: State (and its many corp interests) vs World.
I just hope he kept a stash for his exit money, that one dude where posted he moved his funds to BTC before he went to prison and came out on top after his sentence.
@_date: 2015-07-30 22:03:28
Web-Wallet looks, Pax! What are the girls saying about it? How is the chat backlog these days?
1 subvert


So, you do realize they usually have pics/videos and phone numbers (likely burners) on their ads, right?
Privacy is possible on BP with the use of crypto, and some forethought in OpSec, but being Anon... nope, try again. 
@_date: 2019-12-25 17:02:29
Baby's first Aventador? I wouldn't mind buying one of those if they offered the Terzo Millenio or Veneno, details look pretty cool, and I could never afford or justify the expense of a real one. Was it priced like one of those baby Model S cars they sold a while back?
@_date: 2019-04-11 04:48:02










For future opsec consider buying from Bisq as you already have bitcoin now, and fro locals at your bitcoin meet ups, costs will be higher but you won't have to worry about that BS anymore. 
If you have to buy asap and don't need to intermingle, I can vouch for cash app, its fine for small sums if you need something asap.
@_date: 2015-07-09 15:45:05
The poor bastard... I have seen the 'justice system' first hand destroy lives with whimsical and headlong fervour, and it never gets any easier. 
I'm afraid no amount of appeals will work here, I really wish I were wrong, because this is about more than just Ross... but he pissed off the wrong cartels (agencies): DEA/CIA and Big Pharma. He is never getting out. No amount of State misconduct, that we know of and that which is yet to be revealed, will ever be admissible as grounds for mistrial in what was has been a blatant kangaroo court system, even with all the media attention. 
The only thing I wish for him is he gets Capone style treatment for pioneering what the BTC darknet markets would become, which means he directs what resources he gets to bribe that prison economy. 
@_date: 2015-07-15 21:45:51


Agreed. I know the limitations of only buying from BTC meetups, and the inability for such a thing to scale for 'mass adoption' but my goals are more *tamed* than some around here, thus I will continue to encourage this avenue regardless. 
Best of luck. 
Sidenote: How was it working with Draper Jr? 
100 bits
@_date: 2019-04-09 00:30:39
He can't do that unless Blue Origin actually achieves re-useable rockets, which they are miles behind on: New Glenn won't be flying until 2021 at the earliest according to their own projections, who knows when it actually does fly succesfully.
The idea isn't Bezo's, it was really thought up by many most without the knowledge or resources to do it, and only properly executed by SpaceX with Tin-tin 1/2 and they are scheduled to send Starlink in May.
Bezos is a fucking media-whore, who should have spent all that Amazon money into his aerospace company to kill ULA already rather than portray himself as some sort of bald-aging but rich tech-billionaire playboy.
His other companies are horrible places to work for, and yet... I still want Blue Origin to succeed. No sure how, given how slow they've been, given they were founded in 2000, 2 years before SpaceX--and just look at how much SpaceX has done in 1 year as opposed to the entirety of Blue Origin's 18 year history.


Internet connectivity really should be more ubiquitous ALL OVER THE WORLD, and is a testament of why things like Skycoin actually matter--incentivizing meshnet and ISP-less networks. There have been to many examples of crazy despots trying to shutdown the internet during revolutions/uprisings since 2008 to not take this seriously.  Projects like CJDNS and meshnets and Internet freedom should be a core part of the crypto ideology, and is often an indicator of why you got into this in the first place.
If you think about it, the MegaCorp ownership, with an alliance with the State, has been a thing since its inception on the Internet as we know; this needed to be disrupted at least 15 years ago, so I'll take my chances with SpaceX and to a lesser extent BlueOrigin rather than verizon or comcast, or even Facebook et al who have benefactors of crony-capitalist relationships with the State.
This is partly why i want them to try and 'ban' Bitcoin with their useless regulations, it will spur a ton of innovation and will expedite the transition to a new Internet. We're nearly  there already.
@_date: 2019-04-01 05:25:39
So, Fiberoptics are obsolete? I recently saw a local article detailing how Verizon has been stonewalled for a potential tower site, when in reality no one (private individuals) has Fiber optic connectivity in this town, despite it having been laid out and years ago.
Personally, this is why i think SpaceX's constellation, tied with meshnets to build an ISP-less Internet 2.0, is far more important than stuff like this: a local municipality could easily circumvent the roll out of this technology, and while I'd prefer higher speeds some times, I care about connectivity itself more than speed. The internet is pretty damn fast even on Cable for most usecases. Zeronet and things like Skycoin are worthy participants in this fight, as is Guifi.
@_date: 2019-04-14 07:04:29
You do realize Sara Harris got Edward Snowden to Russia, right? You think stuff like that is free?
Also, its having legal counsel on hand and all the operations that surround getting the Panama papers etc... is not free. 
To be honest, Bitocin and Wikileaks have a symbiotic relationship, and should be funded as they play a critical role in keeping People informed.
@_date: 2019-04-15 22:04:01
Very convincing. You got me.
@_date: 2015-08-16 05:57:25
I wouldn't be qualified to answer what is 'best,' for anyone but my myself; I prefer a low THC to high CBD ratio. Some hydroponic grower (not my favorite method) I met tells me I will be blown by his genetics come harvest season in November. No name given, other than it being a Sativa dominate hybrid, as its an independent guy.
I don't follow Cannabis cup stuff, as I'm in Industrial Hemp and my focus is on CDB extracts, but there is plenty of info from the most recent one and a few Expos that happened in that last month. 
@_date: 2019-04-06 20:25:54
Ah got it, so this is the alternative to LN option? 
Interesting... Coinbase would be the last custodial option I'd have setup, as they have found themselves as the most nefarious in the past years. Hope she is getting to keep all the funds. 
@_date: 2019-04-06 20:30:45




Ah ha, that makes sense; wow talk about brand image damage from association. It seems that it is their product, but not linked to a Coinbase account, but instead managed by the end user?
Looking at the FAQ, they say to contact them  which is Coinbase's domain:
 How do I contact the Coinbase Wallet team?
For customer support or user feedback, contact us at [wallet.support For developer issues, visit our [developer section]( [Discord developer forum]( or mail us at [wallet.devs        
@_date: 2019-04-10 09:50:26
Fuck... most of the old school SoCal group will know who this is, what a fucking tragedy. I told him to consider leaving the US for good.
I knew before I opened that link was going to be about him for some reason... damn it, what  bummer.


This is what they did, they held him indefinitely until he pleased guilty; this really made my heart sink. They will use the same tactic to coerce anyone into taking a deal and serving a sentence to appease LEO. This is fucking sickening for a smart kid who really did try and make a positive impact on the World.
@_date: 2019-04-07 18:32:04
Pretty sure they are using CB's node to monitor transactions and update the blockchain, so some info can be gathered. Should I go in there and get her on Wasabi? 
I'm up to do a day trip there sometime next week and record it if we can crowdsource enough funds to make it worth her while to switch, I want to see that btc volatility thing in action. 
@_date: 2019-04-07 18:47:48
It's one thing to file a patent, one that is only feasible if his aerospace corp can actually deliver on its promises, which to date has been all talk from Bezos as Blue Origin is pure vaporware thus far. I'm a bigger fan of Blue Origin than ULA, so I want them to ultimately succeed. and kill that pork spending cancerous blob. But, so far Bezos is all talk, and too busy tweeting about splitting his Amazon money in his divorce and dating has-been weather chicks from LA morning shows (I knew I recognized her face from somewhere!) to actually focus on aerospace.
SpaceX however can and has been delivering microsats for some time on their own rockets for customers, and has simulated the STARLINK program, which is essentially what Amazon is copying.  June 2019 is the projected time line for its first sat launch, which I think will likely be onboard a customer payload to offset expenses. Also, SpaceX already has FCC approval for said project., not just some patent
This may usher in the much needed reboot of the Internet, one driven away from the panopticon ISP hell we know it as, into a meshnet enabled system with decentralization being at its core once again. It's still not clear how it will all pan out, but this is way better than relying on the ever consolidation of ISP in the World, which can be shut down (temporarily) if some head of state decrees it.
Edit: [1st Starlink launch will be in May, bitches!](


Hard to say for sure how it will all play out, I think there will be hanger-ons that will keep it afloat for some time, as there are with fiat based banking and hedgefunds despite the advent of crypto.
But, given how most telecoms/ISPs invested in cell towers for broadband use, rather than expensive cables, in Africa they didn't have the same sunk costs as a Western based TC/ISP. Plus a lot of development in Africa came from Chinese soft imperialism, so they may have deeper pockets and the may request the needed budget to roll out 5G. And from what little I have come to understand about 5G, that will essentially make even Fiberoptics obsolete in speed and coverage, thus the price point is much lower for them to stay competitive.
@_date: 2019-04-07 18:53:13
Some already do, VPN use is pretty common out there to access US based social-media platforms; so a satellite isn't necessary. But, I imagine the (few) people who will resist that Orwellian techno-dystopia they've been rolling out will ultimately find a need for such a service. 
It's really weird how these last 15 years have played out, I remember how wifi wasn't even a thing at most universities or cafes, the most you could find were wired in LAN lines at the most advanced/expensive places and they were limited; wifi connectivity was almost a thing limited to residential use, and its evolved into this... so amazing. 
@_date: 2018-11-01 23:50:32


While it definitely needs to move towards renewable, I think the fact that nearly 85% \[0\] of NV land is held by the federal government/BLM is a much bigger issue; also add to the fact that its a major spot for nuclear waste storage means even going underground is undesirable
Just the fact that 'crypto nerd utopia' is on the radar makes it seem like they haven't thought this out and want to get raped by the Federal government. 
Puerto Rico really is a much better spot to explore these ideas, in fact sea-steading (which is rather absurd) is still better than NV. ETH is irrelevant to equation, so I'd like to see them succeed regardless of the coin they use.
\[0\] [
@_date: 2018-11-10 00:20:21


Biggest exporter of Greenhouse vegetables in the EU, and biggest importer of Bio/Organic produce in the EU for quite a while, actually. They were notorious for producing brightly colored tasteless tomato's and massive quantities of less than palatable greens/salads and strawberries. However, the experimentation in LED growing technology, as well as automation, has been remarkable. They can produce a series of wavelengths to mimic Spring/Summer and alter the crop's taste, as well as the light patterns in ideal seasons from years past to produce a similar tasting product!
Some microgreen industries in London and even Kimble Musk's startup Square Roots has been built off this foundation and has helped get more young people interested in farming and expanding the farm to table model in Urban areas and hopefully will soon tackle so-called food deserts.
@_date: 2018-11-05 10:48:47
Awesome work, dude! 
@_date: 2019-04-13 06:34:46
This is the basic bitch of script writing judging by the trailer. I won't even bother DLing this garbage.
It's got scathing reviews on IMDB, which is somewhat a gauge of public understanding of the subject matter, and has a 5.6/10: [
Then again, what's the old saying: There is no such things as bad publicity?
@_date: 2018-03-02 05:07:26
Its a service on the rise and has been for a while now, that's for sure, so that may account for the large number of listings; but, to be fair talent in (fin)tech has always been in short supply, and they may not be the best paid positions, so who knows how many just opt to go elsewhere.
They offer a competitive package for most brick and mortars and vendors so their penetration is really deep in the US. 
@_date: 2018-11-07 07:36:45
They've tried, the carbon tax/credit system in CA underscores the wretched Nature of such an undertaking; as are gas guzzler tax, high MOT in the UK obscene gas tax in  Switzerland. 
It doesn't work and is far from pragmatic.
What should be done is to place the right incentive structure to achieve low to zero waste systems. Southern Germany is essentially run by the green party, and they have some pretty draconian shit when it comes to water reclamation. Which is why I'm not in favour  of anything  but Market based solutions and feel politics and politicking are antithetical towards this end.
@_date: 2018-11-01 23:53:52


Who do you honestly think built this stuff? 
@_date: 2019-04-13 05:54:03


His legal counsel (Renata vila) is already taken care of, his Lawyer is aligned with Radack who is the best in the business for whistle blowers. Its the other things that I'm worried about that can be used against him, as he doesn't look well at all--as you would expect given the stress of such a long duration (7 years) being kept indoors.
With that being said, [this is gross violation of international Law, and the UN even said this was a gross violation of Human Rights and for Free Speech.](
I just hope this helps with him to fight extradition, apparently the UK agreed to not send him to a country that exercises the Death Penalty.
@_date: 2018-03-11 08:11:18
I'm a big proponent of the Samourai project, but has anyone else had issues with the wallet randomly crashing on Android? (The google play store is filled with similar reviews.)
I was hoping to be able to move my funds to segwit supported wallets, and while the transactions did go through the app would crash in the process of sending and receiving funds. Luckily I did it with petty sums so I didn't care if I lost it, but its still worrysome and I cannot reccomend using the wallet for daily hot wallet use until a more stable build is released.
Its an awesome project, with an amazing team, I'm sure the bugs sorted soon, keep up the good work, lads!
@_date: 2018-03-11 10:11:12
Its always 'try hard' guys that come off as they know more than everyone in the room but are soon to put their foot in their mouth isn't? (I wish I could still say I find it amusing rather than just pathetic at this point.)


Seriously, dude, get a clue; no one watched Ocean's 11 because they expected a documentary or a how-to on robbing a casino, its entertainment. 
But keep worshiping at the alter of AA in hopes of making yourself look more adept on such matters than others, wait until you see he likes to be just as silly and breaks from his role as an orator and will occasionally lick hammers. Also, if you watched enough of his stuff you'll know he will make disclaimers saying 'I may be entirely wrong' on certain matters, in fact the reason Mastering Bitcoin was published as an open source book on guthub was because he knew he had made mistakes that would require the community to make pull requests to correct, too. 
@_date: 2018-02-09 16:16:24
Typical behaviour for Men of their era and achievements, I'm afraid; even my favorite astronaut Edgar Mitchell was regarded as a benevolent tyrant. They're Human, after all, so making heroes of flawed Humans is done at one's own peril. 
@_date: 2018-11-30 13:27:23
This is remarkable; the idea that crypto mining has a vast underlying externality has been something of great concern, even amongst its biggest proponents--like myself. However, I always felt these were obstacles that we could ultimately overcome in time.
If this study's conclusions are to be believed, it seems to have naturally solved itself--as one would expect in a system that is incentivized to do so. Vertical integration, of goods/services that utilize the excess heat generated from the miners, is the next challenge that we should focus on.
This, too, is well within our capabilities and makes me excited to see what will emerge in the near future! My personal favorite is the [Canadian greenhouse/fish farm](
@_date: 2018-02-09 22:29:33


How have things progressed or regressed since the 100 Bolivar situation? Is there any truth to LE taking people's miners are operating them?
I wish that ICO does actually help you make some headway, the amount of unnecessary Human Suffering due to this crisis has gone on long enough. My doubts and reservations aside, I really do hope this allows for some level of sanity to return to VEN, best of luck, but please don't exchange your BTC for anything but survival based needs. 
@_date: 2018-11-05 12:47:36
Well done, but I cannot help but think how much this has to do with their political class being heavily invested in BTC:
Ukraine needs Bitcoin, and the reception so far, while still not something one would consider to be on a 'mass-adoption' level: its still present. 
@_date: 2018-03-11 09:14:47
Yeah, its like a Vietnamese version of the UK's Hustle or remake of Ocean's 11; it goes on rather long as its a 'revenge' story so it needs to be setup, but it was worth it. I saw it when it had no subs and had to break it up into 3 parts, but I'm guessing sine its now on Netflix that shouldn't be an issue. 
I never realized how modern some parts of 'third world' Asia were until I saw that movie, it made Taipei look like Singapore. 
Also Suboi is a total rudegal in real life, but I have a soft spot for her and some of her tracks are actually really well done.  
Definitely worth a watch.
@_date: 2018-11-06 13:12:00
Worth noting that this argument is rather disingenuous even from that perspective; the USD relies chiefly on the US DoD to maintain its hegemony as reserve currency of the World, who happens to be the World's largest polluter, and biggest user of fossil fuel(s):
This should be seen as the primary root of the issue, while the parasitic banking and credit card companies with all their infrastructure (both digital as well as the brick and mortar establishments) must be seen as an adjunct; this means the energy use of every component including every building, staff, servers etc to service said system when making a valid juxtaposition: that is when a clearer picture emerges. (Not to mention the costs of all the central point of failures, bailouts, security breaches etc... that have unquantifiable externalities.)
I'm an environmentalist, and I highly advocate for the greater crypto community to begin to transition more to renewable sources of energy while finding viable uses for the excess heat they generate--and ideally create viable business models to support itself. 
But even when taking all this into consideration, and as daunting as it may seem at first given the ever fluctuating profit margins, this is actually a concern that WE CAN actually address, while the aforementioned fiat system has only its demise (and a great deal of unnecessary Human and environmental misery) built into it before it ever corrects itself. 
The truth is that as 'wasteful' as it may appear on paper to its detractors, this is what the True Market cost of running the Most secure Network known to Man costs at this time. We can and should fix this, and now with Jihan/Bitmain's Monopoly breaking down it can spur on a more distributed landscape in which we see this take place as larger institutions are joining the fray.   
@_date: 2018-02-11 22:32:22
The price is not a reflection of its current utility, the things you mentioned are welcomed, for sure, but when will they be able to be used to deliver on their promises of all of the lofty goals they set out to do: smart property or devices?
Will they get there, someday, maybe... but I think we're still a long way off and while I'd like to see it happen: we're simply not there yet. And from what I have gathered from several ETH meetups is that the recent price rise is not based on actual fundamental improvements to the protocol, merely the increased demand of gas for tx from the ICO trading mania. 
@_date: 2018-11-05 11:08:05
Haha, I was going to watch some Black Mirror, but, dude... this was a pretty good substitute as I really need to get to sleep.
'Shit gets to you...' 
Quality OC. Top kek!
@_date: 2018-02-09 16:34:58


Agreed, and I have said the same in the past, but for me his charisma is found in what is hardy ever seen (behind closed doors) and his actions/results not his speech(es). The guy sets out the most unfathomable goal or target, rallies a Team around the mission and can let his Marketing Team make it into a full blown spectacle that the whole World can stop and take notice and say: I guess we can do that!
@_date: 2018-02-25 20:03:42
I'm not saying they are, either; but this has become an all out Humanitarian crisis (crimes against Humanity) with very skewed optics, whether it be floatilla or the illegal use of white phosphorus, the fact is it has gone too far. 
The truth is that no one will win from this, as so much has been lost already.
@_date: 2018-02-09 07:46:14


Buzz Aldrin asked Gwynne Shotwell for some info on FH/BFR (couldn't make out what exactly) at a conference she was not long ago; I remembered his down-trodden face in that interview when I saw that and laughed out loud. SpaceX at this point is much bigger than Elon, but I'm glad he likely got fueled from that painful experience. 
But Armstrong definitely had strong reservations about SpaceX's road-map to disrupt aerospace, particularly to getting NASA out of the spotlight and began privatizing the aerospace Industry as a whole. 
@_date: 2018-02-09 22:45:25
Same. The brain drain needs to continue from the best talent pools the World has to offer, I welcome the emergence of the 'Former Russian Nuclear Scientist' mining pool and wish for them to have a healthy stake of the hashrate!
  
@_date: 2018-02-09 08:23:10
I've been to the factory and interviewed, I'm still on NDA actually, so I cannot say much; but almost all the people I met are equally as passionate as he is about what they're doing; Tesla pay isn't great and you're not there to look for a cushy job, you won't last: you're there because you want to be a part of something great.  
Turn over is significant, and there are many jaded considering the layoffs etc... which they may have good reason to considering their stance(s) on Unions. But, and this needs to be stressed: if you thought Tesla was anything but a grind you didn't do your research on the Company or its Culture. What's remarkable they still probably get 1000s of resumes for every position that they have. anyway. 
@_date: 2018-02-12 22:02:14
Wow... what was that in total, nearly 10 years, right?
@_date: 2018-02-22 04:01:55


I think all political classes function the same, regardless of Nation (self imposed fictions), and plundering the populace  under great economic distress is the MO; how is what he is saying not True?
I mean just look at this video: 
They purposely omit that the Maduro government was confiscating supplies (food as well as medical) coming in from outside of Venezuela and reaching those same physicians/students, thus exacerbating the very same misery they blame the US for. They were stealing miners from people who tried to mine BTC to have something to trade for basic essentials when the State was still mulling this economic *savant* solution and removing the 100 Bolivar (most common note) from circulating, thus creating a very clear 'Us and Them' divide. 
Personally, I don't think this will be the silver bullet they think it will be and hope that the living standards improve for Venezuela after this recent horrible period; but what this will also show is what happens when a Nation State level actor employs crypto-anarchic tools to over come a very serious threat (economic sanctions) on the Global stage.
[I wonder what would have happened in Iraq had the People had these tools.]( Or perhaps even [Palestine where Israel not only creates the most overt genocide in modern History but imposes them to use the Shekel to make a their genocidal colonial occupation even more obvious.]( 
@_date: 2018-02-02 21:10:41


Instead they prefer to let the laymen get 'scalped' by things like bailouts, quantitative easing, mortgage crises' etc... created when those very same 'adept' non-pissant institutions become insolvent. 
GTFO here with you Statist white-knight narrative, its been ripped to shreds so many times you'd have to be an imbecile to repeat that non-sense. 
@_date: 2018-02-10 05:18:59
What Distro? Can you screen cap or record the process?
@_date: 2018-02-23 21:09:57


My message got cutoff and I don't feel like typing it out again, but I'll just say those are the exact poor practices that seem all too common from their Team.
I wished them well in the beginning, and put up with a lot of headaches, but this pivot is not buying my trust. The truth is they entered a saturated Market in which they have no real chance: there are many more wallets with better Teams and developers and better track history. 
They may not be scammers, and I can honestly believe and commiserate that they were caught in a bad situation, but I'm not placing my coin (or trust) in what appears to be a Coinomi-clone. 
@_date: 2018-03-13 23:43:41


How's stability on your end? I'm using android 7 on an LG phone and while the txs went through (segwit to segwit/segit to non-segwit) the app would crash in the process. 
I really want to make the full conversion as Mycelium has been behind Segwit development, but after trying it I think I will wait for and the team to roll it out on Mycelium. 
I'm willing to give it another go on sub $100 hot wallets, but nothing more given my experience. 
@_date: 2018-03-01 04:03:46


Looks like they need a compliance/legal person to join that team:
You will:
    Monitor and act upon compliance-related alerts, including reviewing:
        - Possible suspicious activity
        - Activity that violates Squares rules
No other current crypto based opening unfortunately. 
@_date: 2018-02-09 16:09:59
Auto Pilot programs, solar jobs as mentioned, lots of Big Data stuff (although Mercedes and a few others working on auto pilot features have since pushed for that) to help refine autonomous/self driving features. That's just at the factory in Fremont, their are more in Walnut Creek and Nevada for Super Charger Network, Power Wall stuff I have no clue about. And who knows about what will go on in China given Project Semi's long term goals. 
Its really funny because once you see all of these things under one brand the more you realize it isn't really a car company.
@_date: 2018-02-02 20:19:28
Jesus, dude, trolls or out in full effect in this place its so disheartening... I didn't even think Buttcoin was still a thing. Cancer is resilient if nothing else.
I started with an immense and lofty idea of what this tech could do, too, and at the time it was even regarded as 'too crazy' within this community (BTC Talk, mainly) but now what I sought to do is being done by the Monoliths of Tech in 7 years time! And I have those years of experience to tap into.
I'd say use the experience from all those jobs and figure out what problems they all had in common, many do irrespective of Industry, and try to see if it could benefit from this tech. It likely won't, or it will but you'll have to build it from the ground up most likely with many failures along the way, but it will likely allow you to iterate into something that could have a use-case and if you're lucky a business model. 
If it doesn't pan out, as most startups do fail, you worked on something that drives you and you developed as a Person because of it with a greater skillset had you remained idle. 
Also, you'r not down anything until you sell it, HODL is a meme for a rreason.
@_date: 2018-02-16 07:54:40
Hafu? 
She needs to be on bitgirls season 2!
@_date: 2018-03-02 09:33:06
Pfft... In the 'early days' people were sending cash and PMs for BTC on forums and chats.
In retrospect I should of been less paranoid and sent some, too, as it was so hard to get coin back then unless you were mining. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 03:26:28
Cool, I'm gathering all of this and hopefully we can get a node up and running at a local meetup, just wanted to know if we could overcome the synching up process so we can show it in real time. 
@_date: 2018-03-03 09:12:44


Yeah, they're partnered with IBM who are working within the Hyperledger ecosystem, which is operating on a token-less 'enterprise grade' permissioned blockchain. Its a remarkably interesting project, and I'm biased, but you're right; their internal courses, classes, exams and documentation make is specifically clear the two are not the same.
@_date: 2018-11-30 19:35:34
AMD have GPUs capable of mining, but not ASIC based miners, right? Intel is making ASICs according to the article, and energy efficient ones at that, which are the real game changer; Samsung and NGO are already onboard making 10/7nm ASICs respectively, so why would Intel not do the same?
The price may not be indicative of where we are progress wise, but 2018 is shaping out rather nicely ecosystem wise with this news; as well as LN support coming on strong lately and with Wasabi and Samourai building privacy based solutions. And hopefully with the death of Bitmain/Bcash we can wrap this year on a high.
Fuck the ETF that I wish never comes, this is what we want from Institutions: R&amp;D. I personally cannot grasp why anyone would want these mega corps to do anything else. Given how things are shaping out from these big Hardware corps, I'd go so far as to say that a cash heavy Apple must be considering getting involved now that so many hardware firms (especially since its biggest Mobile rival entered) have made their intentions clear and Apple pay was a total flop traction wise.
@_date: 2018-02-16 07:26:28
AA needs to get back on JRE, he needs to mandate Joe is on Alpha Brain and CBD (great combo, I do it when I do presentations/speeches) instead of weed or edibles. 
He has a broad reach and I'm glad Wren (an amazing Human being!) has been able to pursue his goals, but their is a REAL need to drop some knowledge on the basics again, and now Layer 2.
The MMA nerd in me would like to see Enson Inoue and AA on the same podcast, he would probably get the biggest kick out of it, and would help him get some traction from the community like Wren did for his efforts in Fukushima. AA is in NorCal, and Enson in in Hawaii, it can't be that hard to make happen. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 03:25:18
Thanks, that helps. 
@_date: 2019-01-21 03:41:40
I've always been intrigued by the proposition(s), for the reasons you've laid out, but I always found it odd that despite most of the Word's population relying on some form of insect protein/fat to supplement their diet it would still be a hard sale. Especially in the West.
Instead, I always thought these would be better suited to provide feed for livestock, mainly for chicken; but the idea of using pellets for farm fish seemed ridiculous when use can get really healthy yields from fly larvae and they are mainly just fat/protein.
What ever happened to these guys?: [
@_date: 2018-02-23 17:46:53


I was appaled by my experience(s) trying to use their services and spent way more just trying to get the cards in my hands then I would like to admit only to have it shut down when I finally got them. 
My CC balance was never refunded either... I'm staying the hell away, between Samourai, Mycelium and Airbitz/Edge (Bread for iosx) what more is needed?
@_date: 2018-02-22 00:39:05
This being issued by a State (especially VEN despotic regime) irks me in many ways, especially knowing what underlies all of this, but looking at the fundamental reason for why they're doing this should resonate with why Satoshi was wrong when he said not to fund Wikileaks. Pre-mature or not, we did something that day that made the whole World take notice and set in motion what we see now. 
A part of me is feeling like all of this is surreal, like its a parody of the World entered via some Black Mirror Portal; but then I regain optimism for the Future when I realize what could (will) happen when this mentality empowers local communities to act accordingly.
I just hope and take some solace in thinking that, for now at least, some respite may be found for the locals who have had to endure what has had to be Hell on Earth considering the horrid economic situation.  




@_date: 2018-03-14 06:39:46
Thanks for keeping us up to date and for the PR, this underscores once more why open source has the advantages of global development!
@_date: 2018-02-02 20:48:33
Its what I think needed be to done, this really is the best time to be alive and we're super lucky to be even able to build upon something like this; people (and I use the terms loosely) like that make it hard to see, but it really is. 
Find out what that statement means to you, win or lose (in the immediate sense) you'll be better off than he ever could be even if he does get to gloat in moments like these. 
[Cool read that I just came across conveys how I'm feeling at times like these.](
I don't agree with her 'woman must be here to save us all' narrative, mind you, just her valid criticisms of the cancerous nature of it post-2013. 
@_date: 2018-02-09 03:42:59
Why?  
I had never heard of open source software until I saw all those Linux distros for the first time and then did a quick skim of their respective (and often divisive) communities on forums and irc. It didn't make sense to me why anyone would bother re-inventing the wheel--having been in the usenet days, I just jumped all over the place with no real allegiance to any newsgroup because I just wanted to learn--until I saw that the communities were why these guys would forgo working on other projects; I didn't and couldn't contribute to those at the time, but I thought it was a cool concept none the less. 
And then when BTC came on my radar on 2010/2011 I knew what I was looking at and got involved. 
QT/Core was really daunting, I was still on XP, and outside of BTF there was no where to go for info, at all. So I learned to use Linux distros, how to setup and synch nodes and with the right motivation and many, many failures, I realized and learned to navigate it. Such that I taught my mom how to use pgp over text messages (out of necessity) having learned from a bottom-up approach with only the basics on hand. 
There was this on YC that reminded me about the whole experience about free/paid content: 


@_date: 2018-02-02 21:21:26
I'm actually quite active at local meet ups, and decided to come on here today to gauge how the space has changed as the price euphoria continues to tumble, and it really is 99-1 cancer ratio; so much BS to cope with if you have been around when this place when it was able to create things like Sean's outpost and Satoshi Forest, make shift medical centers in the Maidan in Ukraine, and helping Venezuela during their crisis. (One motherfucker even scammed people from a fake charity, what the hell?!)
@_date: 2018-02-11 06:54:14
That's the best one I've seen thus far, thanks, dude! 
I wonder why Blockstream put this out and not Lightening Labs? I know Stark is apprehensive of operating on Mainnet, but surely the lead devs of this want to get the community up to speed on how this stuff works more than anyone else. 
Either way, I'm glad its out there, I really was worried so many nodes went up without anything as in depth as this. 
@_date: 2019-01-09 00:59:38
Did they get the cooling thing sorted? They had the prototype at CES last year but didn't have it running:
The event was plagued with outages that year, too. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 03:26:39
Nice one, mate. 
@_date: 2018-02-23 07:15:05
Crypto-Anarchy is!
I just hope the guys working on the ground for the past few years get some stress taken off of them and their efforts come to fruition; its hard to think how this will all play out, but this is absolutely necessary and will define how such wide deployment will play out.   
@_date: 2018-03-02 09:36:14
Anyone do any Segwit tx when the mempool spiked this week? I was getting really low tx fees (sub 10sat/byte on non Segwit) this weekend and 3Sat/byte from segwit to segwit addresses. Still paid that bastard from btc.com who took me for $44 tx fee back in December. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 18:39:02
I get called a 'Bitcoin maximalist' for pointing out the obvious things you outlined, but the truth is back in 2014 I want things like Ehereum to succeed, but the longer it goes on the more I see just how compromised ETH is at its core as are most of these alts/ICOs. To be fair, I never really gave them much attention as BTC moves so fast (btw thanks for that, Greg!) that I couldn't even if I wanted to.
The real issue is that they see short-term gains as the chief motivator for why something 'just works' without looking at the projects inherit flaws. I don't feel guilty letting them continue anymore, but for those who express interest in BTC I tend to go over why the best hast yet to come (LN/Schnoor Sigs/Atomic Swaps/Coinjoin iterations etc...). 
I like the mission statements of things like Skycoin, but its funny to me how they branded it as 'the better Bitcoin,' so I just tune that part out as they have solid plan to create and incentivise a new way to build a widely deployed meshnet--although I had hope that 21co had done this instead. 
Anyhow, I agree.
What are you working on now, Greg?
@_date: 2018-02-14 18:59:40


He really isn't, usually to pull a con you usually need to know what the hell you're talking about. Its clear he doesn't as he is constantly tangling himself in an obvious web of lies, and when it all falls down he loses his head like a petulant child.
A part of me feels bad for whatever happened to him in his life that makes him do this; but its gone from that to apathy, to now out right disgust. You don't help by indulging his fragile ego with things like that, mind you. 
I really hoped we could had reached the end of the road for him after Segwit2x and some semblance of sanity had returned here, like we did with XT and Classic (Hearn and Andreason) in that they soon were relegated to 'persona non grata,' and we moved on kept focusing on making the tech better.
I'd like to say that this community could move away from this, but in the same page we see the title 'messiah' for Andreas. 
Idolatry is really hard thing to swallow when you see it for what it is.
@_date: 2018-02-26 06:37:30


Harsh, can you elaborate?
No need to comment further on Petro, what I think he unwittingly did was set off a chain reaction amongst Sanctioned nations who have since launched thier own crypto option: Iran, Russia (Tirkey?) etc... the question then becomes if they will trade amongst each other, and what will come of that? 
Any chance of you doing any on the ground Education efforts to help expedite the adoption and awareness of BTC? 
@_date: 2018-02-15 04:13:53
Well done, this needed to be seen.
And while we're here: Starman (intergalactic barometer) should be the mascot alongside Rollercoaster (terrestrial barometer) guy! 
I would of never bought that Rollercoaster guy, but I will gladly shell out for a Desktop Roadster with Starman and BTC chart on the center console or on his helmet HID style! Who's going to take my money?
@_date: 2018-02-09 16:02:21


I guess we will have to wait until Blue Origin actually makes HLV. 
@_date: 2018-11-05 10:53:13
Honestly, yeah, sparsely populated with favourable tax laws and lots of cheap land; the obvious issue is weather. But so much new infrastructure could be put in and spur on tons of new innovation that its kind of worth it. 
@_date: 2018-02-26 06:26:13


Its definitely that, its hard to moderate when your head goes a 100mph and not letting your mouth do the same and assume other's can keep up; [their is another guy on her team that speaks even faster than her, and it was initially hard to keep up with him when I first heard him speak]( so I take it this is how they speak with each other and is just their 'norm.' 
What's an interesting observation, and not a criticism or anything as I have no problem following her and the way she speaks: is that if you see her speaking live her eye blink to syllable ratio is actually on par with one another. Its like seeing her face exhibit the internal synaptic signaling as she speaks. I'm not a neurologist, but its something I noticed right away. 
@_date: 2018-02-10 05:32:12
Link? I'm really trying to gather as much info on this process possible. 
Are you running a node yourself?
@_date: 2018-02-11 22:13:06
Link? 
China is relying more on than ever before  [nuclear plants]( with 37 plants and counting, in addition to the coal issue. They're set to be the biggest renewable Market, some day, but that isn't here yet. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 23:31:20
@_date: 2018-02-10 05:41:50
I think this is well follow the 'altoid' handle situation during SR. Hard to see this happen.


Hardware wallets have to become the norm after 10k wallets at this point, that is a lot of funds to hold on any one device. Ouch. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 19:58:14
By interjecting your own narrative and incorrectly formulated thoughts on what this is? I agree lets leave it as-is. 
Here is another Satoshi quote that should make it clear what he thought about people like you who dwelled on such trivial use-cases for this tech: 






@_date: 2018-02-14 19:09:38


It can be as far as 22 min latency, actually. 
@_date: 2018-11-30 13:43:53
You guys' smell that? That's Jihan and his ilk pissing themselves knowing they really fucked up; if Intel gets in this space we will likely see the names of Nvidia/AMD et al follow suit.
Hell, Maybe Balaji reboots 21 in 2019?
@_date: 2018-02-23 08:15:50
Funny, [Gennaro Cuomo is the VP of Blockchain Tech at IBM]( and she is the Senior VP who I've never heard of or her initiatives in the space. She seems to have a shaky understanding in certain aspects but gets to the core that they're focusing on enterprise for pre-existing industry that they already serve. 
Anyhow, its actually notable that they are trying to function on a token-less approach and is willing to put Billions into iterating; this isn't a threat to BTC so much as it a surveying of the landscape with large pockets to back it. 
My personal reservations aside, I'm glad they want to spend R/D money on this, where it goes is anyone's guess, of course. Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan need to stop being affiliated to Crypto, positive or otherwise who gives a fuck what they think. 
@_date: 2018-02-09 08:00:10


After his ousting as CEO at Paypal I read that he has set up all his companies in such a way that he cannot be ousted, furthermore, only Tesla is a publicly traded company; and even something he wished he could have avoided. He isn't even paid for being CEO of Tesla until he fulfills his goals of the latest Master Plan. 
I don't think he doesn't care about profits at all, so much as its him willing to go for a moonshot (Master Plan) and make the compromises necessary to post-pone them if need-be; Tesla just recorded its worst quarter this month and still traded at above 335, and is still likely to meet revised Model 3 production expectations. They changed the game with th Model 3 deposit system, nothing in all of automotive history even comes close to doing what they did on scale alone, with sight unseen!
(That said, M$ backing is a bitch and I hope he learned his lesson.)
@_date: 2018-02-02 19:30:13
Sweet, I have a stand alone Windows Box I can try and use to create a video for it but its airgapped (no wifi devices), I suck at Windows and Video capping, what software should I use if i get the time to undertake this? 
I'd like to share if I can, so I don't want some low res/water marked video, It just needs to be decent quality source, I can always edit it on Sony Vegas.
@_date: 2018-02-26 06:00:38
Merchant adoption is a necessary and I'm glad you are supporting them and enjoying your meal at the same time; but I have several questions, what do you make of the recent Petro presale (apparently they never sold a coin, and Poland rejected their offer to send them supplies for their coin), the adoption and supposed approval of Crypto currency useage by the Maduro regime, and the [subsequent warnings of people being hunted by the State's forces for having BTC.](
@_date: 2018-02-10 06:18:56
Huh... man, I'm going to have to ask him about it then. I swear BTC moves so fast these days, I tried to operate at 20% focus for just a few months (after Segwit2x failed) working on Life stuff and now I'm having to play catch up to some of the coolest stuff, its like 2011 all over again trying figure out how qt works. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 19:25:44
It functions just like a network, and thus is comprised of many components (nodes/miners/clients) much like that forest. 
I will engage in this discourse, because I personally find it infinitely fascinating, only if you take the time to read that link do some legwork of your own and create well-thought out questions. If for starter you cannot or refuse to be open to the possibility of seeing the obvious parallels, then I think the point is entirely lost on you and a waste of my time entirely. 
@_date: 2018-02-26 07:13:32
Very cool, this is what we need, CB and the like need to be disrupted and rendered irrelevant.  
@_date: 2018-02-09 07:13:24


How can ULA seriously have any chance of creating a heavy lift vehicle considering what just took place this week? I know that ULA is essentially a government works projects for Lockheed and Boeing, but this has to be the final nail in the coffin for SLS, right?  
@_date: 2018-02-02 19:42:26
Ok, lets take this to PM; this time cite not just the white paper of why you think that was the intention (it actually says p2p currency in the title, not micro-payments, but ok whatever), but also include how the overall network has morphed since Satoshi published that in its iterations since then; I think its something like 50-70% of Satoshi's code is now moot at this point in Core.
BTW, and this is only because I had to re-check my own facts as well, not once is micro-payments mentioned in the White Paper; small casual tx are, which is analogous, but as I said, do the legwork and I'll engage. 
Also, and this is for my own benefit, include the message in the genesis block in your PM title. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 03:13:31


I had some recently, and I don't know if its just me since I'm used to making my own, but that stuff was god awful; it was hard to tell it apart from microwave pizza. I had an unfortunate experience with Costco Pizza, which I remember being rather decent. 
Commercial is meh, looks like a really bad sitcom, I almost expected a canned laugh when she said that. 
@_date: 2018-02-16 08:09:53
I think the fact he, as a comedian, can follow a Hancock or Carlson, is rather remarkable. Those guys are powerhouses of information on geology and anthropology/Egyptology and the fact he doesn't resort to some absurd tangent and allows them talk on what they know best is rather cool. (I think Hancock and JRE are actually closet anarchists, they'll never admit it but their discourse when they're together dances around it.)
Dick jokes aside, which are tiresome, he can follow their train of thought to a degree that makes for amazing conversation. My favorite is when Dr. Patrick gets to bio-nerd out for 20 mins, but I'm a biologist so... biased. 
@_date: 2018-02-13 05:27:58
So, this is a re-launched Cointip bot on Reddit? I remember going on a tip frenzy back when it got accepted by sound cloud; what will you do differently? What usecases do you think you can capture that they otherwise were unable to back then?
I always thought seamless tipping was a cool concept, and as the value of BTC increased I saw less of it going on, so I look forward to a system in which that would encourage the things that Brave sought out to do. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 07:31:19


Is this confirmed? I thought the mystery AA donor was female, while Pineapple never delved into that.
Either way, I asked them (who ever they are) to donate back then:
Alexandra has been doing an amazing job, despite the takedowns its been an exceptional tool for those like myself who need access to it post-University studies. But much like the Net Neutrality issue, what we're really dealing with is more fundamental how the Internet as we know it is broken--the advancement of information and access to all who seek it is integral to the concept of what the 'information superhighway' was supposed to be, but has long since been lost as Telecom/Tech and State collusion got stronger over the years--due to centralization and monopolization of service areas through overt cronyism in the US.  
I think reshaping the narrative to 'how do we fix the Internet' is a much better use of our collective resources than prolonging the inevitable. I've been out of the Meshnet community for years, but things like Zeronet and Skycoin have been making inroads to that end. Perhaps Pineapple's funding would be better used there?
@_date: 2018-02-07 09:44:23
Today was a good day, Starman should be our new mascot alongside rollercoaster guy.


Yeah, I got the same feeling I had when I saw the first stage recovery in 2015, ULA has no chance now with SLS; and Blue Origin hasn't done anything to warrant discussion. 
@_date: 2018-02-12 22:17:20
Agreed. [Hence why I said RSK, which is to my knowledge a Layer 2 protocol.](
@_date: 2018-02-12 22:23:40


Explain. I'm open to hear why that is.
@_date: 2018-02-09 15:59:24
@_date: 2018-02-14 07:14:19
Commenting to save for future reference...
PS: Idol worship in Crypto needs to die. 
@_date: 2018-02-10 05:28:55
That seems to be the norm, yes, here is the Medium guide that has been floating around: 
I was just hoping someone was going to do it on a Linux distro, and was hoping to see it up and running. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 19:44:05


Thanks, you have no idea how hard that line hits home. 
[Wouldn't Boyann Slatt be an ideal candidate for the SAO?](
@_date: 2018-03-13 23:56:14
Ok, just got another update so I'm going to try again. Mempool is pretty clean so I'll take it out for another go tonight. 
Hmm, I just realized 30 mins since last block mined after I sent the tx :/
Ah well, lets see what happens with a really low fee. 
@_date: 2018-02-23 21:23:55
This seems like the obvious thing to do if bot trading is as pervasive as some think: algos that trawl social media for trends, and execute trades. 
Its just the sign of the times, if you want to pump your alt coin, spam the hell out (famous) people's twitter feed to create false traction and wide spread awareness and watch the algorithmic trading do the rest. 
I mean we're talking about a guy who is the CEO of the company who had this happen this week:
The only real question is, did it work with ETH? 
@_date: 2018-02-25 20:10:39
So, as was said earlier, its still really early days, and even the best guides require some work arounds, the best I found was the one on Blockstream's website (using Ubuntu), so if you have the time to play around with it, have at it:
I'd wait a little longer until some of the kinks are ironed out for sums you're not too upset about losing, because the truth of the matter is I was playing around with Segwit stuff last night, and if the reason you want to run a LN node/channel is because you're concerned about tx fees and time delays, don't.
I paid less than 15 cents from a non-Segwit to Segwit addess tx, and got in the next block; paid less than 5 cents for Segwit-Segwit and got in the next block each time. 
You're really are better of waiting right now and just continue working on Mainnet. 
Let me know if you want set that up via PM.
@_date: 2018-02-03 03:26:11
This guy is still around? I'll let his illustrious contributions speak for themselves:


Those Foundation guys are like the herpes of the Crypto community.
@_date: 2019-09-12 14:51:25
Home... &lt;3
@_date: 2018-02-25 20:16:17


What guides and OS have you actually gotten to work for them?
@_date: 2018-02-02 19:07:48


Honestly, I want to set the record straight on the this topic more than you will ever comprehend, but after all these years talking about it from Biologist's perspective I've realized it likely won't happen; but since you seem so driven to discredit what you probably don't understand yourself, I feel compelled to have to speak out if only to deter one other person of fomenting their unsubstantiated criticism: 
See that, this is exactly what we're (bio)mimicking with BTC, you have a distributed and uncensorable network with which to exchange and transport certain value-added mediums of value. Every interaction between this network functions like a member of an overall ecosystem, working symbolically (with other species') to achieve consensus (equilibrium) for the viability of the overall network or community. 
Its semantics in way, but honestly your attitude of belittling something you can't fathom in this space has become suffocating. And all too common.
Here you have someone advocating that in the begging (almost) everyone initially came to this space to Build something in order to create value to the network, and someone comes up with a novel use-case (to them), and all you can dwell on is that?
Many forget Crypto-anarchism and Bio-hacking have the same origins, and the same idealogical ends; to me this network always appeared like the emergence of the two, and I'm reminded more and more why that is. 
Just walk away with this: One of the first, and in my opinion still the best of the rest for various reasons, Mobile wallets was called Mycelium. Think on that as you glibly skim that link I provided you. But just watch the YT video in it.
@_date: 2019-09-17 05:51:40
You have a very skewed perception of how these entities operate, its as though they are innocent bystanders and victims to Tax Laws, when in reality they lobby congress to ensure that they don't pay or pay as little as possible. And when they can't get what they wanted, they offshore it, and then get implicated in these schemes. All while selling your privacy to intelligence agencies who they are almost always directly linked in crony capitalist fashion.
I agree that individuals should be able to pay the least amount possible, what isn't realistic is to assume every citizen can afford to play by these tactics and succeed. 
Personally speaking, I don't use any of those services--most of us who believe in Cypherpunk philosophy warned people about what they were and how they would establish a business model, and to our wide spread detriment we were right and they created Megacorps in process when they didn't listen.
Despite that, I detest that my tax liability is as high as it is, when I do not and have not made it a habit to use anything that is publicly funded. Most of my Education was in Private school, my roads were paid by a consumption tax or funded privately (toll roads), I wasn't eligible to get grants in University so I worked and borrowed money from close family/friends etc... Which in bitter irony, I subsequently was forced to subsidize for others s well as endless inflation and war.
In an ideal situation, which is what you're operating under, I would be able to choose the programs and the amount I would be willing part with from my wages. I do not get this option, and thus have no representation from the process as I didn't elect any of these people nor do I recognize their presumed authority over me. I only know that they have jails, guns and cages and endless amounts of resources to ensure my fate is sealed in the aforementioned should I not comply.
@_date: 2018-02-09 06:42:10
Right, which is not held by the hacker community in my experience, which is why I delved into that point I made, and referenced that thread at YC. 
We do ourselves a disservice by trying to cater to the lowest common denominator by attracting those sort, I know this sounds super elitist, because if we're at the point of trying to deploy schnorr signatures and things like mimble wimble etc... 
My main point is this: I still think its pretty lame to charge for this info, though, adding a value added service is one thing, but simply profiteering for access is anti FOSS/Hacking philosophy. 
@_date: 2018-07-29 19:58:42
Not sure what you're alluding to.
Ninja edit/post removal I replied to (this is my last effort here):
No, the farce reached an unbearable level after 2015 for anyone paying attention; the misdeeds of this trial were Educational to anyone working in this space, which has been become the vast minority these days. 
Had I done so, I would have been (even more) discouraged to do what I did in this space.
The fact remains your 'hail mary' shot at getting him pardoned is untenable, I'm pretty sure that Manning is likely the last person to be pardoned for being (loosely) affiliated with the Cypherpunk movement. Maybe you don't realize it from your position as you follow this banality, and worse yet believe in it, but we've been in the 2nd Crypto War since at least 2010. 
And even then I think a lot of it had to do with the pressure that Obama's political base (being pro-queer/trans and prone to vicious SJW mobbing) then it was about his actual merits as a Human being--which in my estimation far exceed his sexual preference. 
Assange has had it FAR worse than Ross if you look at this on basic categorical evidence throughout his life as an Activist, maybe you should look at what what Assange was doing prior to Wikileaks and the Cypherpunk mailing list before you pass judgement on who is in your view 'more worthy' of some head of state's pardon.  
@_date: 2018-02-11 03:27:15
Any chance of a link, i'm on mobile for the weekend unfortunately... 
@_date: 2018-02-12 21:56:36
I have no doubt that was the case; Energy has and will always likely remain a Government backed venture--until we reach a post-nation state Global Society--,which lends itself to crony-ism by design. The costs are too immense, the land and property procurement issues are beyond the scope of most private corporations budgets etc... 
I see the Energy sector much like Aerospace: unfortunately, accommodations and compromises are necessary for longterm benefits, once the infrastructure is in place the ability to no longer have the State have a say in the matter becomes more likely. Its a hard dilemma, that earlier in Life I would be entirely reluctant to accept, but now that we're on-road to become an inter-planetary species, I'd rather adjust and make progress to that end than remain rigid and stagnate as this short-lived Window continues to diminish with time (Iceland alone lost nearly a decade of Human Capital and potential since the Icesave debacle!).  
My outlook: take solace that this will lead to further security to the Network, and allow for greater opportunities in food security. Both huge net gains, despite the obvious drawbacks. 
@_date: 2018-02-03 17:58:43


That;s actually what 21co set out to do, I really wished after the price spike to 20k they would have some new regarding taking up that role again, they were mining on top of that VC money they got, I really wish they were the guys who were finally going to bring Open Hardware to Crypto. 
That 21co computer was flop, admittedly, but it showed that they could develop something that could be learned from. Instead Balaji is making some social network thing that has such limited use-cases that I hope he is tinkering in the background on Open Hardware: BUIDL!
@_date: 2018-07-29 21:04:00
Why did you quote me? 
You should look into my post History to see who I worked with and what I did, you couldn't be further from the Truth if you're referring to me.
@_date: 2019-09-12 10:10:48
So, you've used it? Can you do a quick run down of what the process is like?
If you weren't already into crypto, would you recommend someone use it to onboard? 
If you have to go through CS 1/2 the time to claim your btc it seems like its already too difficult to be useful. Hopefully they refine it, but the concept is just lost on me.
@_date: 2018-02-02 19:56:21
No clue, I run 5 differnt Linux distros on my machines I work on at home, and only have a shitty experiences with Win with work stuff that crashes anytime java shows its ugly head. 
But, you'd think with 350+ nodes, 1000+ channels someone would have had something already up, right?
@_date: 2018-02-11 18:54:36


I wouldn't go that far... yet; I have always discouraged the level of notoriety and dare, I say 'worship' he's received, as this is not the Cypherpunk and Crypto-Anarchist way: we are not here to create idols or prophets. (Satoshi included!)
I'm still baffled how he went from being a developer on Unsystem projects in Catalunya to creating the biggest hype machine in Crypto (smart property were just around the corner in 2014!) with ETH. The thing is... people bought into it, myself included, for a while but now its lost on me what ETH is other than 'THE ICO' platform. Their Blockchain is full of bloat, and massive for its short existence, its use case (if it truly exists) is muddled with jargon and meandering 'what ifs' as explained before. 
I just want to believe the DAO was just an inside job for Unsystem to have a colony on Mars or something at this point. Otherwise, what a fucking waste. 
@_date: 2018-07-31 23:25:35
Yeah, I stand corrected about an earlier statement about his position in all of this, I just saw he has a Twitter account and he wants out and is a proponent of his petition:
Best of luck to the guy, and I mean that, despite my own reservations on the probability of such an outcome.
@_date: 2019-09-26 08:59:21
Glad to see you're still hanging around here, Greg. I was wondering if stepping down from Blockstream meant you'd leave the space, too.
@_date: 2018-02-09 07:16:31


I'm a big Tesla fan, but they also failed to meet on their deadline, had tons of hurdles with the chassis, raised the costs of the Roadster before delivery etc... Clarkson is a clown, albeit an entertaining one, there were more reasons than that as to why investors/early adopters got cold feet. 
Also, the roadster was overheating at its premier launch, and had to be swapped as they were cooling it down with ice. Tesla's history is all the more interesting because of these setbacks, and despite being an anarcho-capitalist I can give them a pass (albeit hard to swallow) for the DOE grants because at the end of the day because their very existence has done more good than harm to disrupt the war machine and its dependence on oil. 
@_date: 2019-09-20 08:07:32
Thanks, Rene! This will give me something to sink my teeth into on the subject(s). 
How's the book coming along? You guys plan on putting it up on Github like Mastering Bitcoin, right?
@_date: 2019-09-02 07:33:41
Read Cryptonomicon, it really should be mandatory reading. 
I think Neal Stephenson was a fucking luminary when he wrote that as it's bitcoin is becoming more and more prominent. 


Actually, that's not true in the case of Russia. 
In true Ant-fragile fashion, Russia realized that sanctions and trade wars were the new norm from the US/EU and overhauled their entire Ag system; they have spectacular farmers markets and locally sourced produce as a standard now instad of importing from all over EUrope, as its less costly that way for the end consumer in addition to it being tastier. It's actually quite remarkable how quickly it had to be done, but also what made the annexation of Crimea necessary; Ukraine has some of the most fertile soil in all of Europe. 
EU farmers are the ones that got really fucked on that one as that was a huge part of their market share being taken away from them.
@_date: 2015-04-28 05:14:44
Funny, all I see is an affirmation that it is foolish to expect a fair trial; the take home point being: one should act accordingly. 
Forget the 'lawyer up' stage and move directly to have one hell of an exit plan. 
You'd think the misconduct and crimes committed by the very investigation team responsible for placing Ross in jail would be enough for a mistrial, or at least an appeal... but when Kangaroo courts are legitimized expecting Justice is a pursuit done at your own peril. 
If there is any silver-lining in this it will be that anyone watching will understand what they are up against, and Opsec and Infosec will get the attention and funding it so sorely needs.
Do not look for a political or legal solution, instead seeking a technical solution is evidently our only viable option.
*Let there be Dark.*
@_date: 2018-02-02 22:56:05
Thanks for that, I'll try and make a weekend of it. Ahh damn, i don't think I have any spare hdds above 90gb lying around.
@_date: 2018-02-23 21:43:17
I think if its contained to hackathons and being included into curriculum where the tech is the focus then its positive; but as soon as you starting hyping the mania of 'get-rich-quick' to what is mostly a highly indebted underclass in the US its basically cruelty: and honestly a repeat of the already out of control college debt situation.  
I have a fear of this taking place, if hasn't already happened with the rise to 20k, having been in that same position myself: young, highly indebted, desperate, and just wanting to sort out my finances in any way possible. 
Its not something I purposely wish for others to go through, despite the valuable lessons I was able to acquire from it, as its a volatile mix that doesn't end well: especially given the degrading conditions and options for the youth. The suicide rate has been alarming 
@_date: 2019-09-12 10:15:17
Oh, look...


So, inquiring minds would like to know, since we have you here: how many people have actually been able to redeem their bitcoin and transferred to a privately held non-custodial wallet since you launched and offered this service. You said 50% but do you have a ballpark number actual users?
How many of these are active and how many unique users, and how is your customer retention since you've launched?
Side note, good on you for saying Bitcoin is self-regulatin and doesn't need external regulation; I just hope that was an actual nodding in agreement 'right,' and not a sarcastic 'these fools think they stand a chance' *right* from her.  Either way, good point and bare repeating when it comes up.
@_date: 2018-07-20 15:44:25


These guys are absolute whores who sold what ever self-worth a long time ago; we really need to crowdfund an app or browser plugin where you hover your mouse over their pic/bio/name whatever and are able to see the amounts of campaign funding/donations from lobby interests and the subsequent nepotism antics that follow when they hold office. Including disgraceful acts.
When I was in school and told to take my grievances regarding the ever-increasing tuition bubble and the social pressures it would place on my fellow students by the Dean of Sciences to my local congressman I found out many things after a few hours of legwork: one he went to the same university as I did, studied criminal justice before entering politics, and another was that he was caught and charged with soliciting prostitutes and had drugs in his system. (Nothing wrong with sex workers, or drugs.)
As an anarchist I would have loved to have that on hand as I looked at his picture online to just refute this person's character/standing in real time.
That guy reminds me of the EU technocrat Herman Van Rompuy, these fuckers are hideous and of low-to-no Human potential and worth that Nature avails to them an unfuckable physical appearance(s); thus they only have fiat controlled currencies and violence to shift the odds of them being removed from the gene pool altogether.
@_date: 2018-02-26 07:00:09
Adopt through education, I understand why you'd be cautions of course, but that is what I wanted to address: it may be deemed 'acceptable' by the Maduro regime, but fear still lingers from the recent past enough to prevent others from attempting to spread awareness. 
Thanks for you insight... y buen provecho, tio!
@_date: 2018-07-29 20:57:28
Hey, I think I heard of that restaurant, isn't that the one where they hunt all the meat they serve?
I have a lot of sympathy for Vegans who were  forced into it as children by Adults; their brains never really fully developed, but grown Adults who do these kind of acts are in some delusional cult. Grain cultivation, especially non-organic, is HIGHLY irresponsible and destructive to the environment and flora/fauna of the Earth.
The first Harvest I ever participated in was for a grain farm (spelt, which was all the rage by most vegetarians at the time, its really good too) and a fox got caught in the combine and its carcass had to be removed before we could continue to the next fields before sun down as the blades were not turning correctly. 
It was my responsibility to get it out and clean it, but in doing so I saw a bunch of fur and hides from different animals along the exit shoot; apparently rabbits and gophers were no match for the combine and were passive causalities and the meals for the several types of birds to pick at as we made out way through the harvest that week.
Its not just Canada by the way, I'm a Biodynamist (I've lived in Europe and the US) which is literately the most ecological form of cultivation and even I have my breath taken away by the ignorant, self-rightous BS these idiots spew most of the time.     
Also, I wonder if these people ever realized Plants are actually really intelligent and capable of communication. 
@_date: 2015-04-11 23:59:14
[Where's GOAT's Lamborghini Gallardo?](
@_date: 2019-09-20 08:21:00


I genuinely think we already got the proverbial low-hanging fruit: the tech savvy from all ages.
If we're truly to succeed, then its not a matter of will they be wise enough, its more, will we in this Community have done enough to onboard them via a seamless UI/UX.
That's this projects next big hurdle, after Segwit and as LN is being built out nicely, this is the biggest problem I see on the roadmap. I can opine my generation's (millennial) overall slow-wit, sheltered nature and emotional hang ups on immediate gratification, too. But its counter-productive, and I think its better to Buidl than focus on this pan-generational BS anymore.
A few boomers were apologizing to some of us in a few meetups in the early days, as they felt culpable, I made it clear I didn't want their apology or guilt, its useless to me. And you can't turn back time. B
What is useful is telling us what and how this tech made sense to them and built off of that. 
If we are to progress, we need to onboard more than just a bunch of people who think hodl'ing and staring at charts is going to make any difference. We need developers and entrepreneurs to keep building tools and businesses along side that follow that mentality.
@_date: 2018-07-29 18:59:17


I think not allowing his lawyer to bring in evidence of multiple DPRs, expert testimony, and ultimately silencing any coherent defense regarding parallel construction with the server seizure in Iceland was much more egregious than what you stated above, and still nothing has been done.
As much as I sympathize for his cause and what SR actually stood for (Freedom not Drugs), the fact that he had such leaky op-sec and stayed in the US cannot be overlooked. He was made an example of by the State, simple as that, Justice, Due Process and Rights are fictions that exist on paper only in the modern US. Variety Jones at least left the US, he stayed in what is essentially a massive Brave New World based panopticon: Bay Area.
Ross isn't a martyr, he isn't even a Hero, he is sadly one of many living examples to what extent the State will go to keep the status quo of the Drug War in place.
I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news: Nothing will come of this, the best you can do is support his standard of living, because overturning this case will not happen, ever... And While Lynn makes a compelling argument about what is at stake, Internet Freedom, that presumes it hasn't been lost a long time ago.
Net Neutrality should of have been the final nail in that coffin, the only thing left to do is to build an alternative and hope Ross can live a rich life within and helping his fellow inmates.
@_date: 2019-09-09 06:53:09
Except for the simple fact that the US Marshalls auctioned them off, that is how Tim Draper got his massive position.
Ross is probably like most early adopters, they have some they stashed (and likely forgot about), except he got gang raped by the State in the process.
He will never get a pardon, and I say that with a very heavy heart as we lost a great freedom fighter and it set a horrible precedent for future ones--though at least now we know very clearly what the stakes are for this wide scale disruption and the limitless amounts of underhanded tactics the State will go to that end.
But, he should left the US considering what he did and how much he had; in fact he was in Thailand if I recall correctly, but decided to move to the Bay Area, which is a straight up dystopic panopticon in terms of privacy or security.
@_date: 2018-07-29 20:23:21
:( 
*Blowstamps* are forever though, granny!
@_date: 2018-07-21 03:14:11
True. But most know that they are sunk costs, and thus can justify it for one reason or another. I personally have a love-hate relationship with the M5, but after having worked at BMW I'd never ever own one.
Also, that looks like a vinyl wrap, which is likely just as expensive as a mid-tier 2 stage paint job, but is not permanent and can be easily removed and taken back to OEM paint. It is rather ostentatious, though, I'll give you that. 
@_date: 2015-04-20 13:52:06
* As previously stated, with, Germany, France, United Kingdom, Belgium and Finland, and now, Spain, we can count six Member States of the European Union taking the stance of stating that Bitcoin transactions are VAT exempt.*
What proof exists for the aforementioned above? France has been outright hostile, Germany was subject to tax if used before a set limit of time; and the only EU country that has made this claim isn't even listed: Slovenia. 
This needs more fact checking, besides, taxing BTC in Spain (just like in most S. Euro nations) would have been untenable; *hacienda* can barely keep up with the so called black market, let alone crypto. I'd love to see some of the decrepit imbeciles who work there trying to figure out how the blockchain works let alone trying to place identity to wallets in order to assess tax liability... good luck with that. **Tocate los cojones!**  
When will people understand that *tax dodging* is not a crime but rather the outcome of a stigmatized practice forced upon by empires on to its serfs--since the dawn of Western Civilization the Ancient Greeks saw taxation as outright theft, and were aghast by it just as much as compulsory school, yet saw the highest literacy rate in perhaps all of Man's history. 
If anything Tax is anti-western and a tyrannical machination of the East where subjugation of its people was/is more readily tolerated. 
@_date: 2019-09-18 23:43:02
Nice one, I need to get in on this tonight; anything like this on atomic swaps or schnoor?
@_date: 2018-07-29 19:27:48
You're hinging your efforts on what that fucking clown will do?! If so, you've already lost. 
[Clemency, while not an entirely underutilized tool, is the final refuge for nepotism;]( I don't follow your American Idol like State based elections in the US, but didn't he venerate Wikileaks, and therefore Assange, Snowden were likely to be pardoned based on his rhetoric? How did that pan out?
@_date: 2018-07-30 21:13:16
Yeah, dude, super interested in catching up! But lets take this to PM, though.
@_date: 2019-09-18 09:53:43


Yeah, I think he has it on one of his tweets from the past, I vaguely remember coming across one of them in 2014 as it was around the same time Citizen 4 came out and we found out he doesn't drink alcohol. 
I'll donate some bits too if you find it and get a confirmation of it, I found the epub and started it but will also get the audiobook. I was going to buy the book this week, as I like having physical media as well, but I'd rather he get the btc directly rather than get a percentage or whatever he'd normally get.
I saw an analysis of the NDA breach on YC, and apparently they're getting him on not giving the funds to the CIA as per his contractual obligations, that is just too much... They do not even try to hide the fact that they're a fucking mafia outfit, do they? 


This lawsuit is mostly about paragraph five of the NDA:


Download SF312-13.pdf. 


Damn... that was the one from back then, right?
@_date: 2018-07-29 18:45:48
Cool, but I still don't care; however, I'm open to trying to care, so without pandering to the 'moon' argument(s) can anyone breakdown what the actual benefits are to having this come online?
On-boarding people to a massively volatile currency, especially considering 2nd layer protocols like LN and privacy based tools are only now just peeking through, just seems like a recipe for if we look at the past run-ups since 2011. Legacy institutions have already in this space since at least 2012, both overtly as well as secretly.
In addition to all of that Mt. Gox still hasn't been resolved after imploding with the aid of the Japanese Government, so why do we want these people meddling in these affairs? Whereas BTC-e was attacked by the State and still able to get back up and running and offer refunds (partially?) without the need of regulation and redtape sending their costs astronomically to do so.
@_date: 2015-04-30 21:08:23
I think your (assumed) get-rich viewpoint has eclipsed your morals and ethics, and quite frankly your very sanity. 
So what do we have to look forward to now that they're here? More bailouts and puppet installs? Perpetual warfare, asset bubbles, human misery, but with the new caveat that its all denominated in satoshis?
I'll pass. 
@_date: 2018-07-22 18:47:55
I'm well aware of what it is, I'm saying that despite THIS being one I actually have a love-hate relationship with the M5. Everything else on their line-up is not worth discussing, even the i8 was horrid inside as far as EV goes. The i3 is so cheaply made, its panels flex so badly that I don' think it will hold up well in 5 years.
Actually, I quit to go do motorsports stuff at Nissan, but yeah... keep your troll act up.
\&gt;Please do tell
I worked in Supply Chain/Parts and Logistics; I spearheaded the Takata recall after having been at VW, and that was a nightmare. Then I did the Warranty backlog, that was even worse. Then the Combox recall, which somehow was even worse than all of that! By the time I got to the X5 driveshaft shitstorm I had already reached the conclusion that BMW makes its money not on the sale of the car itself (they may even lose money), but on maintenance, parts and repair of every vehicle instead.
The cheapest work order I ever saw reach my desk was $400, and that was for a single i3 rear tire.
By the time I was tossing cart loads of driveshafts away on a daily basis I wanted out and went back to VW and dealt with the Tdi buy back program, which is was what pretty much made me give up on anything from Germany. So I went to Nissan soon after that, and even that couldn't keep me in the Industry.
There is so much fuckery in the Auto industry, that despite being a petrolhead since I was a kid I want EV to just take over already. I'd gladly switch all my cars/motorcycles to Ethanol and crowd source a local distillery to make fuel from compost rather than deal with what's going on behind the scenes.
The current fine and costs for VW  in the US alone, at the time I was working there, was half the Market Cap of Tesla. (stock price @ sub 300, I think?) And its still not over.
@_date: 2019-09-09 07:03:50
You dropped this &gt;, Model 3 Driver.
@_date: 2015-04-30 07:34:45
 &gt; arbitrary amount of financial history.
Dude, Goldman has been behind every single fucking bubble in the Stock Market for the past 60 years, and they have installed technocrats to rape and pillage entire nations in Europe causing ungodly amounts of Human suffering in the process. You are defining *arbitrary* and undesirables in a very broad and absurd manner. 
And this isn't about my personal views, or ordaining it with my acceptance but rather what this entire philosophy stands for. 
The opposition towards these entities is far from arbitrary, and quite frankly why Bitcoin came into existence: hence Satoshi-who I will remind you was on Cypherpunk mailing lists and how he met Hal--doing what he did with the genesis block.
Listen to this very carefully, Crypto currency is the brain child of Crypto-Anarchist's and Cypherpunks' long struggles, the way the aforementioned all operate is the very antithesis of it. 
I will leave you with quotes from Tim May's Crypto-Anarchist Manifesto (1992) and Eric Hugh's Cypher-punk manifesto (1993) to remind you what the purpose of all this was:
**Computer technology is on the verge of providing the ability for individuals and groups to communicate and interact with each other in a totally anonymous manner. Two persons may exchange messages, conduct business, and negotiate electronic contracts without ever knowing the True Name, or legal identity of the other. Interactions over networks will be untraceable, with nearly perfect assurance against any tampering. Reputations will be of central importance, far more important in dealings than even the credit ratings of today. These developments will alter completely the nature of government regulation, the ability to tax and control economic interactions, the ability to keep information secret, and will even alter the nature of trust and reputation.**
*Tim May*
**Cypherpunks are dedicated to building anonymous systems Privacy is necessary for an open society in the electronic age We cannot expect governments, corporations, or other large, faceless organizations to grant us privacyWe must defend our own privacy if we expect to have any. We are defending our privacy with cryptography, with anonymous mail forwarding systems, with digital signatures, and with electronic money.**
*Eric Hughes*
@_date: 2015-04-30 07:49:49
Funny, haven't we learned how easy it is to cause a panic by freezing transactions and subsequently fucking around with the exchange prices? So far it has worked in our favour because it hasn't been too prolonged and resulted in the death of gox and such, while we continue to make progress but you'd be a fool to think that this 50 million doesn't come with strings attached. How nefarious is up to your imagination, but I'm apprehensive about it to say the least. 
How much do these two companies account for buying/selling in the ecosystem these days?
I just hope that before they can do what they always do, we'll be smart enough to negate Coinbase or Circle prices and instead use the Local Bitcoin prices as the true Free Market price and avoid any unnecessary turmoil, that is what is regularly done in PM markets where the added premium is accounted for above spot price to determine a buy/sale order. 
@_date: 2018-02-10 06:05:51
Cool, clarify this for me because now I'm not so sure; do you have to dl the entire blockchain to run a LN node on Mainnet? That Medium guide says yes, but I met with a friend and he had one up and running and I vaugely recall he said he didn't have to, but when we tried turning it back on it had to do a resynch and we were unable to do a starblocks tx as a result. 
And I'm starting to wonder if his was just a testnet node. 
@_date: 2018-07-30 19:08:01
Has it really come to this?
Hal must be laughing at us from his freezer, I think I'm going to take another 2 year break from this place and focus on layer 2 protocols elsewhere. 
Sidenote: Am I the only one that thinks these no-talent celebrities, specifically the females like Hilton and this one, almost always look like male transvestites? Maybe its all the plastic surgery that makes their face a certain masculine form, but if I saw this chick at a party I'm pretty sure I'd mistake her for a trans person. 
@_date: 2015-04-19 22:16:19
I caught this about 10 or 15 mins in, and while its obvious Srinivasan is a smart guy (perhaps moreso due to his talks for Y combinator than this one inmo) it was mainly tired speaking points, ambigious and finally way too arcane for most of the crowd there.
I had to explain that Hodl and Budl was not a by product of dyslexia or sloppy spell check inside powerpoint. 
I really wish he would at least alluded to what they plan to do in this ecoystsem because all we have is speculation given their job openings. 
Also, I wanted to know what or how Bitcoin could help expeditie or accomplish the objectove of his Start up school in 2013 on *Silicon Valley's Exit*--a very anarcho-capitalist perspective on the state of affairs in the Valley.
I was just left wondering: **what will 21 Buidl?**
@_date: 2019-09-27 08:32:47
This is why ultimately I don't think the financial censorship will go away despite what legislation is passed; as you said, in Canada where it's legal at the Federal Level, you're saying banks still refuse to provide financial services to the Industry?
I'm not surprised, unfortunately, its just disappointing because it provides empirical evidence for how non-credible the 'legislative route' really is even in the rare occurrence when the citizen 'succeeds' in the Democratic Process.
In the US, I'd say its more insidious, in that its illegal at the Federal Level, but legal at the State level, and only vetted dispensaries can get banking, which ultimately makes it a very slanted process that isn't conducive with Free Markets.
Glad to see you guys have been exploring adding LN in your services, and chance of demo as I couldn't find one on your website or social media. I wanted to see it get fleshed out and seeing the UI/UX improve before I considered its a viable option for payment processing.
@_date: 2019-09-03 15:31:14
Yes, and its the same fucking story and a reminder we need a new internet now more than ever. Human Freedom is not conducive to the panopticon that has been built on the Internet as we know it, they can and always will be able to shutdown Man's inherit right to communicate over it.
As much pride as I take in Bitcoin's remarkable progress in these \~10 years, we still need to make having a new decentralized Internet a priority. Obviously we are hindered by the costs of Infrastructure, but with the advent of Spacex's Constellation we may be able to bypass that entirely. 
And ISP-less Internet, via meshnets was once the most promising, but now I'm thinking we will have to become the ISP; in which case layer 2 micro-transactions will play a vital part to ensure it functions as frictionless as possible.
@_date: 2019-09-03 15:45:46


You clearly do not understand the underlying/intended use of a State backed fiat currency throughout Human History if that is your position then, its weaponization is a built-in mechanism, and quality: especially if its holds a World Reserve Currency status and is backed by the largest Military force the World has ever seen. Fiat is more like malware, then it is FOSS; its terms of service are that you are in abject servitude to it and how it maintains itself.
Their is a reason why its called the Petro Dollar. And why in times of turmoil it will function as a stop-gap between the collapsing nations currency and the USD. As much as I hate the mechanisms by which it functions (exploitation, Human misery, inflation) I have to give it to them: the USD has shown tons of resilience, if nothing else, in ensuring its own existence when a political faction fails and is left in a sociopolitical vacuum. Its like an incredibly virulent system, it infects and takes over an economy so effectively at times that one cannot help to admire its ability to do so. 
For further reading, check out Confessions of an Economic Hitman, that really helped in seeing how that all plays out; things like Afghanistan and Iraq etc... made more sense when you see the playbook that was used in Latin/South America in the 50's post WWII by the CIA.
@_date: 2019-09-12 10:18:44
Kek. Nice try, FBI.
@_date: 2019-09-10 07:56:55
Start here, when you go through James' 101 series come back with specific questions and I"ll try and fill the gaps: 
@_date: 2019-09-09 06:55:33
He went by DPR, and the backstory of his horrid OPSEC was in fact the Altoid handle he used on the Bitcoin Talk Forums.
I've never heard of anything related to Frosty.
@_date: 2018-07-30 19:53:29
:) 
@_date: 2018-07-30 19:02:31
Hack the World, motherfuckers! Nothing is sacred.
No, but seriously, I found it distressful how the FBI dedicated resources for seemingly a decade(s) to foil this 'nefarious plot.' All while people like Blankfiend/Diamon/Corzine/Geitner/Masters and countless CEOs of major banks walk free. 
The US is so fucking absurd and its Legal system is even more so, steal from the Wealth of an entire Planet and you get bonuses and lauded on MSM; steal from a burger place with a clown on it and you get the full brunt and limitless resources of LE. If this isn't a Corporate plutocracy, one that mirrors Rome in its descent no less, I don't know what is; throw in a culture of envy, SJW mobbing, horrible and ever growing mental illness in there for even more dynamite and you get a good estimate of the modern US.
@_date: 2018-07-31 02:15:48
1. So what, if I recall correctly Kanye has done the same (not to mentione his run in with Coineye) and no one really paid attention to that either; these people will latch on to anything trending--probably given to them by some publicist with a long list of analytics in hand--in the hopes of further their presence in media attention. In a sane World no one cares what these people have to say, they don't understand the tech, let alone the implications of what this is; if asked they'd probably give some vapid remark about internet coins, thus further misinforming the public of what we've built. 
2. Symmetry is just one component of why her face and figure is off to my eye, I just think that idolization of such figures in Society underscore something more perverse in the Human psyche. 
But, yes my preference tends to side with more feminine and youthful appearances, thus I'm perplexed why a person with seemingly no talent, disfigured aesthetics and what is clearly a low intellectual disposition can garner so much attention. I've called Trump a Kardashin-reality TV show elected President, who possess the same qualities; I think in some distorted Jungian way most of the TV watching masses wish they could be either as they possess similar traits thus elevate them to stardom/rulers and live vicariously through the distorted lens that follow them 24/7 in the media. I'd like to see Charlie Brooker do an episode of Black Mirror on this phenomenon.  
But as others have said, there is something really sick about what these people have done to themselves in their pursuit of fame.
Anyhow, I have very limited exposure to either, and seek to have none at all; so I'll just withdraw from this conversation at this point as I have nothing more to add. 
@_date: 2018-07-30 21:56:00


witty name, unforunately, Karpeles was found and nothing happened; the Brewster with the Rolls Royce from Neo-Bee was found, nothing happened. Zhou Tong ended up leaving to Australia and nothing... you see where I'm going with this, right?
Nerds with 'fake internet money' aren't precisely the violent type despite what their collective Swatting and keyboard warrior online persona would lead you to believe. 
(Fuck, I need to stop post whoring and get back to being productive...)
Edit, [Greg's old post regarding ZT/Bitcoinica made me laugh pretty hard, with this post from back in 2014](








@_date: 2018-07-29 21:22:49
So, its still the moon argument but concealed in such a way as to not make it the central point, right?
Ok, I'll bite and I'll even place a level of willful ignorance to abate this concern; why do we care about this 'legitimacy'? 
Naked short selling was legal and sanctioned, as were credit default swaps, as were Mortgage backed securities, collateral debt obligations etc... all of these were instrumental in destroying the Global Economy and created one of the most, if the most as we're still living through this, plutocratic transfers of Wealth the World has ever seen. Fiat is also 'legitimate' in the eyes of the Law in most of the World and were it not for its innate obscure manner of operation, things like Bail Outs (also 'legitimate,' though HIGHLY protested against by its respective populace) aren't possible either.
Most developed nations had sane levels of inflation and cost of living even in economic downturns, these instruments not only made fiat more worthless as they all pursued the same race to the bottom but have subsequently sent the Global Debt Levels to new highs, but also has made anyone not a boomer with vast savings or a person not born into Wealth a debt peon with limited upward mobility. 
The World has been sent into the Dark Ages by 'legitimate' financial instruments before, the fact that things still operate on a daily basis (often through very robust alternative means in most of the World, eg System D) speaks to the resilience of Mankind against their respective Rulers to make ends-meet.
I'm having this discussion mainly because we're on the brink of becoming a Multi-planetary species, which if it pans out will bring about an incalculable economic boon (and consciousness) never before seen in Mankind's History, and yet we're still unable to see clearly how much of it hinges on several key factors. One being that to achieve this end, fiat has to at least function to a certain degree that companies like SpaceX and Blue Origin and companies like them remain solvent as their daily operations and costs are calculated in fiat, not crypto. Society and the supply chains they rely on are broken to their very core, and what little 'lube' their is in the system relies on fiat greasing the rusty broken gears and chains to accomplish this end.
Bridging that gap seems like not only a lucrative endeavor financially as an entrepreneur, but something that compels me beyond words to my very core. 
@_date: 2018-07-29 20:37:56


Can I just say how remarkable it is that this word has become so ubiquitous into the English Diction from people of all walks of Life. I could never imagine this being used by Mom and Dad's to describe the inefficiency of our local food supply in a restaurant to their children even just last year!
As is the widely use of the word Fiat now by all kinds of punters on the media to describe State issued currency.
I think that Revolutions are won not when blood is shed on the street, but rather when the minds of a large segment of the population are changed and thus give birth to a new paradigm into Society. So while this is only a small drop in the sea of the collective efforts still needed to accomplish this end language is, and remains, a key indicator of what the People use to gauge a note worthy central point of failure in any system. Moreover, they are discussing what and how to overcome and compensate for this 'baked in' failure.
Exciting times, indeed!
@_date: 2019-09-12 09:05:34
Ha, this reminded me of the guy I saw on my daily commute to school in a GT2, he had the worst look on his face. I was in a lowly 270hp RWD car, and absolutely hated dailying my 1/2 built loud,low turbo'd track car to school. 
I was just a moving target for police but I eventually got pulled over twice in a day, not for speeding, and I bought an 80s Honda Prelude to daily after that. Never had an issue with it either, awesome care felt like a big go-kart even after 20+ years of neglect. 
I can't imagine how that guy in the GT2 felt inside, but I don't think he was having any fun in it let alone the traffic on the 5 during am rush hour. 
Ultimately, I realized how stupid selling super/hypercars to people simply because they can afford it, as most are not just highly unqualified to use them and never stepped foot in one before buying one, but dangerous as all the power and tech gives them a false sense of confidence. 
There should be a test by the manufacture to see if you can even make actual use of 200hp on a track under controlled conditions before you're allowed to take it on the street. Just because you mash the throttle in a straight line and manage to not wrap it around a lightpole doesn't mean you're capable of actually handling it in anger, let alone if the traction breaks, or when it rains. 
With that said, EVs are the way to go for street use. ICE is a walking dinosaur, and while its fun to be on the tail end of the extinction list, the writing is very clearly on the wall when VAG is electrifying everything they can just to stay relevant in today's Market: making things like the Terzo Millennio and the MissionE (or whatever its name is now), and the E-tron is really the name of the game for the Supercar/Hyper car arms race. I'd say prior to the Terzo Millennio concept Lambo peaked with the Aventador, nothing is really on that level anymore Terzo Millennio is the next reincarnation of that spirit. 
Sidenote: Do you own a RWB Porsche in that collection?
@_date: 2015-04-16 18:21:51
The job fair or hackathon? There was a job fair last year: 
Fingers crossed they host another this year. 
@_date: 2019-09-20 08:05:07


Exactly, that and the Medical Industry will sooner destroy itself, than correct at this point. You;d think sanity would have prevailed when Student Loans debt exceeded the trillion dollar level, but they just doubled down.
Which is what makes them ripe for disruption, they're just a slow moving target, and it has been taking place in the background, the aim for non-brick and mortar higher 'education' is in sight now, its probably another decade or so out, but accreditation via purely online Schooling is occurring.
I think if successful STEM will probably be the only thing left as it still requires hands on Lab work, but I'm sure someone will think of a way around that, too.
I personally regret squandering 5 years of my Life being left with 65k in debt at 23 and being thrown into the worst Job Market since the Great Depression so much that I hope no one has to endure that ever again so I gladly anticipate that to occur. I've lived near Universities almost all of my Life, and I have attended lectures since I was a Junior in HS, and its hard to imagine how this thing has gone on as long as it has. When I was a Junior in HS CSU tuition was like $2-3k/yr, Community college was like $200/semester comparable to that of most European systems. But as I went through the system it got more and more insane.
I met a kid who washed plates but came from an affluent family who paid his out of state tuition in Environmental Science, they paid $40k a year before living expenses and books/materials.
I tried to tell him taking on side-projects and maybe even launching a startup in the Summer was a better way into the Industry than a degree, as so many have that already and it won't set you apart from anyone while you're slaving away washing plates to make your Family content you're trying to offset expenses.
Funny enough, a guy I sort of mentored, got a consultant position in his first year of University as a Environmental Sciences major after having doing a few side gigs for Solar/passive energy Company in IT, an Industry where he had been a systems engineer since he left HS.
I'm over this, and I want to feel bad for all of these kids as I was indoctrinated in that system as well, but its gotten so out of hand that I cannot justify how they're ok with any of this. I knew what I had been told in HS was a farce after my incoming summer semester, but I wanted to work in a field that demands you have a BS degree, so I sucked it up only to quit after paying off my debt and swore to never return again.
@_date: 2015-04-11 23:32:55


The early 3.5 V6 in that Pathfinder can be provided you keep up with maintenance, I have seen VQ's with excess of 200K miles, but many suffer from neglect and [the early issues they had were often ignored by non-mechanically inclined.]( 
Nissan/Infiniti (US) put them in everything: Maxima, Altima, Pathfinder, 350Z, G35, Quest, QX, Murano etc... so it spanned quite the spectrum/consumer which may lead to the skew in outcomes. But that just means parts are plentiful if you ever need them.
But yeah, the engine is quite a beast by compression to its predecessor (VG series) , the transmission on these things is the only thing I'm not certain about, is it RWD or 4WD? 
I was going to buy one of these Pathfinders for about 2500 that had some minor body work issues. But I personally prefer a 2nd Gen Montero to just anything that was made with 4wd in the past 25 years, they are tanks, but suffer from unavoidable engine issues; so I kept mine and put the money into it instead. (I just wish I could have gotten a Nissan Patrol with a bullet proof TB instead. Those crazy bastards in Arab Countries mod them and slaughter Lambo's and Ferraris on the streets.)
@_date: 2015-04-13 04:27:52


[Actually, it is.]( Four Corners CU needs the Master account issued to them by the Federal Reserve to operate as a fully fledged CU; had you taken the time to know what it is, let alone to read the article and know what you are talking about, you'd know that instead of making vapid and misinformed conjecture. 
Without this they remain inoperative which leaves entrepreneurs in a perilous situation--some have had their accounts shut, funds frozen and lines of credit removed for simply being involved with the LEGAL cannabis industry. (Albeit true, I personally detest framing this matter in that dreadful light of *legality*' this is simply an injustice at the hands of these *exalted members of society*, pure and simple.) And given George's behavior they seem all together apathetic to such matters as they refused to even release any info on the matter.
Furthermore, this isn't a legislative issue, as MMJ dispensaries have been granted banking services in CO for over a decade and Congressmen have tried to pass the laws to allow them to gain access to the legacy banking system. This is a deliberate attack by the Federal Reserve to curtail an expanding +billion dollar industry (in one tiny State!) that is evidently hindered and subsequently creating a gross misallocation of resources. (That sounds familiar.)
Lastly, my point is to place focus on the myopic nature and futility to conform to legacy banking services to an emerging section of the economy; the cannabis industry in Colorado (but also in Washington) is vast and spans not just dispensaries, but also care givers and farmers in the hemp industry. They, too, are impacted. 
It is my contention that greater efforts should be made to appeal to this demographic: they are under-served and willingly/needlessly subsidizing a blackwater type economy because of it. They are the ideal use case for why Bitcoin is needed in the 'First World.' 
I understand, better than most actually, that this is easier said than done, but it is certainly worth doing. This community has to see greater value in this than pouring more funds into poorly installed rigs in Chinese mining farms or the new scam-coin plunder, right?


Even with the indifferent reaction towards any inquiries were addressed by the following:
**"She [George] wasn't giving us yes, no, or maybe," Perlmutter told reporters after the meeting.**
@_date: 2019-09-09 20:44:33


I'm glad I wasn't the only one, sounds like we share a lot of the same sentiments from those days. Drop me a line via PM, would like to chat with an old school guy.
@_date: 2019-09-11 09:45:36
Shakepay is pretty good with Canadian customers; I was an early adopter and tested their NFC payments, it was less than ideal but it did work. I lost more than I'd like to admit on their exchange and on the several Visa cards I never received, as well as that digital Visa that never really worked that well. 
But, it seems they were under duress to comply with US laws at the time and ultimately decided it wasn't worth the trouble, so now they only cater to Canadian customers. I hear good things now from your fellow canucks.
With that said, $200/weekly DCA should be pretty good start, don't just buy in a single lump sum. 3k spread over several months is likely to get you a much better ROI than single purchase point(s) in my experience. Also, don't trade, you can make just as much from just saving it during a price drop than trying to time the market on leverage. Patience is key here, this is a marathon not a sprint race.
And most importantly, attend a meetup, get involved with you local community and realize why this tech matters and get excited about it, that's the biggest take away that people almost always omit: any revolution in which you cannot derive some excitement to help you enjoy Life is not one worth joining in my view.
@_date: 2018-07-30 06:15:11
I have, I sold my startup. :) 
@_date: 2015-04-30 06:32:53
Infected? Take a look at their [board of directors.]( This is more analogous to a metastasized tumor.
And before you mention it, the same thing holds for Coinbase.
Namely, Jeff Cartwright and Fred Ehrsam are both ex-Goldman Sachs. 
What part of Crypto-Anarchy do these guys live up to again? I'll pay extra for my coins on local bitcoins or meet ups and continue to meet cool people in community in the process, thanks.
@_date: 2018-07-21 03:17:23
Is this the same Isreali Edan Yago who raised funds in the name of the Ukrainian protesters  during the Maidan in Kiev and never released the funds to help them in the end?
If so: shut the fuck up and release those funds before you call anything a scam. People died on the street because food/water/shoes/warm clothes ran out while Russia invaded Crimea.
This guy really should be regarded as bad as Vorhees, Ver et al as a persona non grata in the Bitcoin communuty by now.
Source: [
Wallet: [
@_date: 2018-02-12 21:44:44
I'll reserve judgment, as those are strong accusations, but Greg did point this out in another post; but for now I just prefer to have a wait-see approach. I should hope that with all the enthusiasm and on-going development for ETH that has been garnered that it is actually much bigger than him at this point. 
I'd like to see this project eventually succeed, if only to be able to implement onto BTC via RSK at a later time, but I also want to see how they overcome these pitfalls as well so that the Crypto Community as a whole has a chance to learn from their mistakes and success respectively. 
@_date: 2015-04-14 20:47:28
Usenet groups had just about everything, I started in '99 and drug sales were rather typical; the newsgroups run by *AzNs* CS clans were usually the ones doing it in my experience. And that is how so many of those net cafe Counter Strike beefs (deaths) ended up, I remember one unfolding over some fake X. 
[Back then getting doxx'd wasn't the worst thing that could happen to you for being a wanker on the net.](
@_date: 2018-07-30 15:00:52
Cynicism, in its truest sense, is actually a philosophy of virtue ethics [1], which incidentally I subscribe to: its been perverted suit a certain narrative and an agenda, often to dismiss reality in my experience for a more favorable and widely agreed upon form of deception. You're merely a victim of this perversion.
With that said, I'd say I'm overly optimistic about most things in Life, however this 'realism' comes from first hand experience, so take it how you like, but to relegate what I said to pessimism is a lazy conclusion and a poor analysis of the situation as a whole. 
Many have fallen in their attempt to subvert the State throughout Human History, and many more will in th efuture; compassion for a Human being is one thing but clinging on to an unrealistic endeavor (that never has nor would occur) rather than being honest with one's self about the situation they are in is my estimation worse than a stadium full of 'cynical' people as you have described thus far. Truth in your estimation may be Ugly in you interpretation, however, I find it deadly to not adhere to it as a guiding principal and equally frightening to not acknowledge it. 
It's like most of you don't realize that what we're really doing (disrupting the Power structure of the State) doesn't have dire, and life threatening consequences. What he did with undertaking SR and its management, while foolish in its execution in many ways, took a great deal of commitment and bravery, but make no mistake: he knew exactly what he got himself into; which was exactly what this movement needed to shift crypto into something other than merely a DNM medium of exchange, and for that we're thankful, but just like Manning before him, he knew EXACTLY what he was getting himself into. 
And judging as a mere spectator: by his actions since his sentencing, I think he has made peace with his situation. as he has been helping educate his fellow inmates. Its been his family and close friends, and the sympathizing members of the community who have remained committed to this folly that a case to overturn all of this will come to fruition of you merely exhaust any and every avenue. 
In short: this is another reason why I think Plato's Republic should be required reading to enter this community. 
I'm reminded of a quote when I think of Ross' phlight and I say this not to be calloused but a person humbled by what SR did for us as a community despite having never actually ever purchased anything on there: 


1: 
@_date: 2018-07-29 19:56:04
Seriously, I forgot how much of a cesspool Reddit is... Interacting with it is abysmal. 
@_date: 2019-09-27 03:41:23
While I miss the old 'squat-occupying hacker' Amir, this more fluid and articulate Amir is who is best suited to drive development than the old one; he still seems grounded in his Ideology, but understands that we're still so early that we need to develop more infrastructure and tools and ultimately that we must be willing to allow for diversity, of all sorts, into this space.
As much as I wish this was still a staunchly AnCap/CryptoAnarchist driven project, I've come to understand we are the minority now, and with that comes a certain clarity for how to best develop a useful 'ecosystem.'
I'm hoping that re-booted hacker-space thing he spoke about last year takes off, 'Darktech' if I understood him correctly, is privacy focused tools that need to be made a priority now more then ever in our History, as we see how quickly oppressive nations can quell civil protests by active monitoring and targeting via the financial systems in place, China and Hong Kong come to mind, though the US does it as well.
@_date: 2019-09-12 09:39:27


Whatever reason(s) you guys have to welcome these parasites on here will prove to be very short sighted if this happens, they wouldn't invest in being able to allow an ETF or to enter algo trading if they didn't have a huge position and an ability to front run and manipulate it for their own ends instead of just allowing these unregulated 'foreign exchanges' outside their control to determine the price. Free Markets are not what these People do, they want control and a position to profit from it, nothing more.   
Personally, I thought Gox/Ver/Jihan were the worst actors we got rid of; but these guys are like herpes, they won't ever leave once they're let in.
@_date: 2019-09-12 02:00:37
There aren't any salesman at Tesla, other than the guys that work at the show rooms... and even then its a stretch to call what they do sales, its more like a Brand Ambassador. In my experience, as I worked in more German than Japanese dealers, I'm pretty sure you're more likely to see a BMW, Audi or a Mercedes in a shop and on the rack more often than you would a Tesla just because they have less moving parts, provided you didn't crash it.
@_date: 2015-04-12 00:45:57
He sent his Proteg, Blythe Masters, to poison the well didn't he? I take it didn't go as well as they expected.
Well, if this to be believed this is the greatest evidence that we are entering into the co-op/infiltration stage of the Bitcoin adoption curve. 
They won't let us eat their lunch so they are going to start leveraging the one thing they have, cheap fiat-credit lines. 
Remember startups: Being unbanked isn't just an ideal or a maxim, its an inherit and obtainable attribute and affirmation that we have succeed. Banks will never truly go away, I'm afraid; but undermining them and reducing their Marketshare by offering better services and financial instruments is something we can quantifiably do.
PS: I'm now almost entirely unbanked, and it feels good to withdraw consent to an extortionist racket, especially knowing that these parasitic entities rely entirely on revenue incurred from fees and penalties, that and bailouts. That is their business model.
@_date: 2019-09-26 08:52:58
That's so awesome, honestly when I first started this it was to enable farmers to do this directly to the Market and cut out the middleman, little did I know we'd have 50 state legalization in 4 short years, 6 if you count Amendment 64 being passed. 
Anyhow, yeah, I'm so glad that this is possible! I've been dabbling on if I should go back to Fintech, as I saw Sprig lost its Online Payment processing and I could get them up and running on something like this in no time... but I'm having a hell of a time focusing on other projects. 
Let's keep in touch!
@_date: 2015-04-14 21:14:53


Dude, why? [In case you have forgotten their is a job fair (the 4th one) and hackathon taking place this weekend, with all kinds of startups offering positions in some pretty cool tech.]( 
This community really needs to set it priorities straight, neither mass adoption nor btc price should be the focus; innovating and creating greater use cases should be and the former will follow. I'd like the price to go sub 200, too: I'd like to have a buy in average in the 100's again. If it means breaking the bank of a few get-rich quick types to do so, all the better. 
I think we're past the suicide hotline days. So, do yourself a favor, buy some and donate some to Dark Wallet and Open Bazzar, or any the other poorly funded projects. Seriously, having a stake in the overall success of Bitcoin by doing so is far more rewarding than staring at charts and pining for a new ATH.
@_date: 2018-07-29 20:29:01
Any more info on this? 
I've been exploring more intuitive ways for cold storage as of late, and while I'm happy to say (because I love to learn) that while I've never lost a single satoshi since 2011, I'm still using paper wallets created offline as my method of choice. 
@_date: 2015-04-11 22:07:37
Interesting, but are they still confined to your Quest Diagnostics et al, or has the advent of services and startups like 23andme opened up a new arena for competing services? How are follow ups/consultations conducted when a malady has been identified? 
Also, what are those 4-5 States? I'm all but certain I reside in one of them as we had (have?) only a handful of diagnostic companies dominating Market share, one being the aforementioned, which is abysmal... and ultimately reminds me of the telecoms spying on their customers and subsequently getting legal immunity to do so in return of carving out State-sactioned monopolies of services in localities for the select few who played along with the State in doing so. 
I saw it from both sides working in diagnostics, and earlier in my university years trying to get an x-ray without medical insurance; which is why I have such a keen interest in seeing a much needed change in this space. 
What do you think the efficacy and potential is in the aforementioned online medical services achieving this? And do you think its realistic for them to accept BTC? Would you join if they did so? 
And finally, and this is purely hypothetical, but what do you see yourself doing when you retire? The typical lecture/conference circus with the occasional golf excursion, or something with more substance?
@_date: 2019-09-12 10:02:29
What an unfortunate name... interesting idea, but I'm not sure that most will onboard into the actual BTC ecosystem even if its gained passively as its too abstracted. 
'Ease of use' isn't that useful if the whole process is so obscure that they don't seem to be getting anything but a form of shoppers rewards points in my opinion.  


She's a cutey, for sure, not sure if I think that's 'milf' age yet, though. But, yeah, like I said: that's an unfortunate name, it has to be some sort of inside joke or something.
[On second thought](
She could totally be Kate Beckensale's cousin or something.
@_date: 2015-04-15 16:16:28
Misleading title, as its this weekend (18th), consider correcting it. 
I'll be there Friday and Saturday if anyone else wants to meet up, I looked on Meetup.com/BTC talk and here and didn't see anything. I'm probably going to Ramen Underground and maybe out for some drinks and it would be cool to meet some startups and devs working on the api hackathon.
Lets get a rollcall going. 
@_date: 2019-09-07 09:25:32
There is an amazing paper that made a big part of Bitcoin 'click' for me back in 2010 or so on the conclusions drawn from a study and analysis of the so-called 'System-D,' from 2009 after the financial crisis was in full swing--which is pretty much the Global Dark-Market(s)/Shadow Economy.
It's essentially the 2nd largest Economy in the World, at 10 trillion back then, that may have changed since then but China's GDP numbers are about as real their election polls... but anyhow, it's core principals essentially rely on the massive rise in onboarding more unbanked/undocumented people into the SystemD economy (shadow economy) via Internet based e-commerce via online goods/services.
Bitcoin is essentially the 'how' to the 'what, where and when' equation and analysis. It's been a crazy run so far, but we now have the tools to do this, especially as Layer 2 is shaping out nicely, we just need to have a Free Internet as its backbone.
All of this reminds me of YTcracker's lyrics:
Damn building the Future is appealing, we killing the game from here to Brisbane...
Relevant Links:
@_date: 2018-07-30 06:00:24
No, I will categorically go on record and say: it is NEVER going to happen. I'd be elated to be wrong, honestly I would; but if their anything the State will not allow is for it to have a major cash cow like War on Drugs to be impeded without grave consequences. 
It didn't nor can it deter more DNM from rising up in its ashes, but that was never the point, it was to make an example of a person who honestly was naive and far too reckless (horrid op-sec!!!) with his safety to see what is in front of him. I have been listening to this all day today: 
Why he came back from Asia is beyond me, he even makes a point to say to VJ that the money is worthless if you're behind bars. Hindsight is always 50/50 of course, but I just cannot find any reason why he would choose the Bay Area of all places to come back to and continue to operate SR from there.
Its sad, but if I were him I would have asked that the million they raised for his defense go to BTC instead, had he cashed out in Dec 2017 and got back in, he would likely not to have to worry about missed meals and phone calls for the rest of his stay and had a nice fund to buy books, art supplies and other things to help him cope with being in prison for life. Honestly, I'd throw some satoshis his way for him to do a podcast or something from prison every few months, just to know he was ok at his point.
I recently had to live with someone whose son was in prison, and it was pure misery as they seldom dedicated any funds to his medication or food budget; the messages he'd leave on the LAN line were heartbreaking as the answering machine was in the living room near my room which had thin walls--I'd try to pretend I didn't hear them most times and would put my headphones on if I was home, but I later sought to stop and listen to see if he'd ever get better. He tried to commit suicide several times in the time I lived at this place, its... fucking brutal to just think of it, let alone put yourself in that position as he had severe mental illness. 
My heart goes out to Ross, and his family as I understand have gone to near bankruptcy to get him released, but its to the point that one must accept reality and do what is best given the circumstances: the fact is we ALL lost that battle, the Internet as we know has become and will likely remain a quasi Corporate-State surveillance apparatus for the most part. 
I just hope he can take solace in knowing that we will win this War. 
@_date: 2019-09-09 20:53:50
Amir Taaki, he was the creator of things like Libbitcoin, Darkmarket/Darkwallet, which admittedly has a checkered history... but he eventually went to the front line in Rojava to fight Isis in Syria. And he ran Unsystem. 
This is the kind of people that not only built Bitcoin's infrastructure, but made you give a damn about this tech in the first place. The dude was a fucking madman, staying in anarchist domains in Catalunya, then taking over a squat in London while the financial crisis was in full swing etc...
I know I sound like the ranting old man on the porch, but this is what got me to leave what I thought was a semi-comfortable Life and try to shoot for the Moon again knowing that all the odds were against me and have a blast in the process.
Personal insight: After all these years I can finally say that some of my work will help when Humans become multi-planetary and directly in the colonization on Mars!
Honestly, its best if you search for yourself, but my personal favorite of his and Cody's was the Dark Wallet promo, say what you will about Cody but the man made amazing propaganda, bordering on Art:
@_date: 2018-07-29 19:15:21


Just on a Historical sense, I'm pretty sure the East Indies/Brtish Empire takes the cake, they were able to annex territory from China and get repaid in Silver from their efforts in the Anglo-Sino War.
Even if you mean modern World, the cartels would like you to take a look Miami.
Delusional is a person not seeing that at the time BTC price was really low, so even with the 'high volume' of the trades the real issue was that DPR(s) was flaunting it in plain view with interviews with the media of what they were doing, all without the op-sec and decentalization and wherewithal to be doing so. (Even then its stupid to do so.)
Accessibility wasn't even an issue, either, prior to this Ebay listings were used as was WoW gold in game were all ways to do these kind of txs and were done out in the open.
@_date: 2015-04-30 07:08:05
Hmm... sell out a philosophy and way of Life and the efforts of so many cypherpunks for a *free* 5 dollars in BTC? *Tempting*, but no thanks.  
Let me remind you that during the crypto wars Zimmerman almost went to jail to get crypto into the hands of the masses, that is the length these guys regularly went to see their visions come one step closer to fruition; and now once we establish the World's first global currency backed by the biggest computing power network we're just supposed to allow these parasites in acquiescence? 
Pass. I'd rather this fail, they lose interest and we start all over.
@_date: 2019-09-26 08:44:34
Interesting. Is this a homebrew solution? I can't say I recognize the UI, but it looks pretty easy and straight forward, nothing glitzy, just the basics kind of approach.  
I found where your'e directiing your funds, is it safe to say you've been accepting crypto since March this year?  If so, that's a nice amount of traffic for a non-producer.
@_date: 2018-02-11 03:23:24
I still can't wrap m head around why YT and thing slike Twitch is filled with 75% of these kind of 'celebs,' furthermore how they can scam people into getting them a Ferrari int process (ad money?).
That was like talking to the most ADD person I have ever met while on speed.  
I seriously had to break this 8 min video into 4 parts, it was that overbearing, but apparently he learned to Hold rather than try to day trade from what I could glean from this whole process. 
@_date: 2015-04-29 08:03:53
200 bits
@_date: 2019-09-12 09:28:38
Well, first I want to make it clear it likely wasn't Jack's doing, but rather it was likely his Risk Assessment/Legal teams protocol in action; and no they didn't keep my funds, they didn't say it, but the app let me exit their platform by cashing out my position to fiat and then transfer to my linked ank account.It was at a minor loss when I took the last amount off, but whatever, I was prepared to just leave to put it behind me.
And, no, it wasn't that much; unlike Jack I never hit the 10k limit at any time of my account's History, I'm a small fish. I just never really did much on that account as it was just something I played with as it wasn't really BTC but rather an 'abstract' form of BTC. Then they enabled it, I bought incrementally and I got my account canceled when I provided my info etc...
@_date: 2015-04-15 17:05:31
Explain these flaws.
@_date: 2019-09-02 06:44:21


No coiner?
Interesting, looks like you had a blast. I had to search what dragoncon was, I still remember when cosplaying outside of the Japan was totally taboo, and seen as something really on the the extreme otakus would do. Apparently this is one of those events as its been going on since '87.
@_date: 2015-04-26 03:40:58
So, is the time issue isn't in play in Germany? I don't speak legalese, nor do I pay much attention to it as I operate regardless. 
@_date: 2015-04-30 06:06:07
So, Blythe 'I'll rape you blind' Masters from JP Morgan has gotten into crypto, and now GS splashes some of their ill gotten gains/corperate welfare in this space now, too? 
[I mentioned this would happen, now we wait and see what these not-so-strange bed fellows do with it.](
@_date: 2015-04-02 02:17:07


I'm affraid as far as traction goes, decentralized shops simply don't have enough attention from your end consumer/retail-merchant types to compete. 
I wonder how easy it would be to slip a QR code in the product images on ebay as an excercise to see how many would scan it and persue it and eventually bypass there system entirely while making no mention of BTC anywhere in the ad. 
I have something I'm willing to put on ebay with a QR code, but its niche and I have to borrow a friend's account as I no longer 'ebay,' anyone else want to join in with something more common-grabbing and see what happends if they sell? 
Oh, and to stay on topic: 
[James Bang reports from Hong Kong Umbrella Protests.](
**Watch the introductoin video for Change Media University.**
@_date: 2018-07-30 19:32:04
Hey, dude, look into my post History and look for Randy; he has been helping out since 2016 or so. 
This is the real reason I keep coming back here, because despite all the noise your plight is what crypto was meant to solve. 
The food situation is a severe problem, one growing World wide, and one that has been a main focus of the last 10 years of my Life. Luckily Crypto came along and gave me a framework to work with. 
PM me if you want to chat and I can share more resources, but suffice it to say: nothing short of empowering local communities to grow food on such a scale to do CSA and accept it directly for crypto will be needed. 
Unfortunately, this is easier said than done, and I have first hand experience with all of it from every aspect of it, but as I said feel free to contact me to talk about it in greater depth.
Edit: Oh, damn its the man himself how you doing brother?
, 
@_date: 2019-09-17 06:03:31


Yup, you should look into Blythe Master's role in not just creating the CDS that led to the financial crisis, but how she was on the commodities desk that wreaked havoc on the World for basic foodstuffs. (Andrew Jackson comes to mind about people like Her.) 
It led to a ton of civil unrest, specifically the Arab Spring.
Funny enough, despite her nearly cartoonish diabolical nature, she sucked at it and was fired because she couldn't turn a profit. Its not just these guys are just evil, they are also blind to their own incompetence and suck at making full use of the manipulation. I guess that's the benefit of knowing you can get bailed out for failing.
So this is why I didn't understand, nor do I to this day, why most of you are elated that these corrupt idiots are showing up in droves paying lip-service. 
Let me make this clear: They are not your friends, they do not care about you, or this project nor its goals, and they won't make you rich. At best they may increase the fiat value of your (relatively small) holdings, which pales in comparison to their own, but not without ruining your entire lives and that of others in the process.
@_date: 2018-07-30 05:45:53
Auto-insert is the bane of my existence when using mobile, I've had such random shit inserted in my text, its made even worse by the fact I only slept 3-5 hours most days for the past several years.
@_date: 2019-09-12 06:36:04
Well, when my tech days were over I ended up as one; its a pretentious name, at BMW the sales reps were called a 'genius,' and much like at Apple these guys are far from that. They're salesmen with one goal, put rubes who want to buy into an image into one of those cars before they realize its a farce. 
I like Tesla's sales model, get away from pushy salesman and browse and buy only what you want and the only people you have to deal with is finance, who act more as gatekeepers not as people working on commission trying to up-sale you on a P100D you neither need or want for your 20 mile daily commute. I value the hustle, I just don't get why you have to use underhanded tactics to get it when most people will tell their family-friends about how they should buy a car from you if you did it honestly. Ive had to deal with my share of coked out salesman enough to know they will promise their customers the moon if it means closing them, and if/when they're ultimately dissapointed its the tech/mechnaics fault somehow for not correcting them.
@_date: 2019-09-09 09:34:50
2009 was too early for most to even grasp it unless you were a hardnosed cypherpunk, and even then most rejected it; I personally heard about in 2010 with tons of debt, and I began researching it but I was a broke recent college grad, I finally jumped in 2011 when I saw its utility in various aspects and its potential to disrupt the massive monoliths that brought about the financial crisis.
I don't miss my opportunity for endless riches anymore as that was a longshot at best, as I got so much more from this whole undertaking and a new appreciation for Life itself; its really the community from back then that I miss more than anything: a bunch of misfit, idealistic anarchist(s) wanting nothing more than to change the World!
It was so cool just hanging out with so many crazy people in one room talking about our respective Industries and how to tackle them with this new tech.
Some of us actually went out in the World and did just that, but in that time this community changed so much that by 2014 it was entirely unrecognizable. In 2019 I can't really say I have any interest in doing much more than occasionally visiting this place and seeing the silliness and memes, whereas before I was a regular at meetups in several countries/continents, ran workshops with some OG bitcoiners, and founded a startup in this space etc...
To think this place was the same place that made Satoshi's Forest/Sean's Outpost a real thing is almost inconceivable. Even Bitcoin Talk forum is just a den of ICO BS and fake TA now that I can't even be bothered to look at it. Meetups are dead except when we hit the crazy rallies, and then its noobs going on about alt/ICO scams.
Times have changed, of course, but the Bitcoin community has lost its soul for reaching for the moon, and not just in price, I mean in true moonshot ideals that made this place exciting and worthy of caring.
The price has become the only obsession, so its monotonous to us who have seen several ATH and didn't budge.
I still watch a few of Amir's videos from the early days and laugh at how absurdly fun this place was, it was such that you didn't need TV or anything to have endless amounts of entertainment.
@_date: 2015-04-26 08:48:20
$50-100 on a mobile/desktop wallet of choice, the rest should remain in cold storage. 
3 BTC is a lot, regardless of its current USD price (which personally is still a lot to me), and it shouldn't be dismissed as a pittance. Do it right and you will never have to worry about getting hacked or Goxxed, which is perhaps the worst thing to be exposed to when you are in the early stages of BTC. Obviously you should keep the private key, should it ever get lost you can just transfer and resend.
@_date: 2019-09-16 23:03:18
Care to elaborate? Many working poor do not or cannot make use of these so-called social nets because they do not qualify for them, nor could they realistically do so for even a short duration as their impositions to encourage social mobility is hindered.  
I'm a proponent of UBI, but more importantly I also have first hand and intimate knowledge of the way Social Waok is done in this country. 
I'd like to hear your argument against it, especially as you think its a 'good idea'.
I'll be the first to say, its implementation will be a nightmare at the State level, as its a bureaucratic nightmare; but Aurora Coin didn't give us enough metrics and analytics to see how we could do at the crypto level, either. 
I think UBI, in its most effective level, will be Community issued and ideally Bitcoin based, though alts may work, too. My best Example for how it will be done is Andreas A. The guy put in endless amounts of time and resources, and the community, primarily via a generous donor, thanked him for his work and allotted him a sum in BTC commiserate for his passion/drive/effort and overall contribution. 
Short of it following something like that I think it will be an utter failure, but I look forward to be proven wrong.
@_date: 2019-09-03 15:52:40
Japan is a nation, not a city... but, I get what you're saying, and yeah that was still early days of anime and cosplay acceptance in the West. I mean it existed, but it was hardly what it is today, where people/celebritys are going to Comicon and such to announce a series or promo'ing whatever. Instagram models and camgirls who specifically cater to this genre/fetish with a massive following. That was unheard of back then, now its the norm.
Hell, I got a kick out recently seeing some MSM doing a report on site at the latest DEFCON and not painting as a den of the World's terrorist angle. 
I guess we Nerds really did take over the World, after all... still, its not lost on me that this new (unwanted?) attention has brought more issues than positive.
@_date: 2019-09-08 07:22:39
Yeah, its pretty sobering to know more people have access to 3g/4g in developing countries than they do to running water: the most basic thing for Life itself!
But, I think that is level importance connectivity is in terms of an ever changing World.
@_date: 2018-07-29 20:46:52
What do you make of the situation in Venezuela, and the parallels to your own Petro-based dollar/loonie (whatever you moose riders call it these days ;)) and the implications it can have and has had on your economy?
Moreover, what will the seemingly inevitable trade Wars provoked by the current US administration have on this outlook?
I think Canada's resource based currency is not capable of putting in the top 30 nations from an economic standpoint, and that its GDP is way over inflated in terms of actual economic output, but this is also likely due to its small population in respect to most of said top 30 nations. For example, its in my estimation that Indonesia has more productive output in just a handful of islands alone than the entirety of your country, despite its low living conditions, if only because their isn't mass death waves due to famine. 
How can crypto help in this situation?
@_date: 2019-09-11 09:58:41
Consider most of the tech used by banks is from the 20th century, and it doesn't make sense to have to wait this long for transfers/deposits.
I mean when I see the stupidity of having to write down account numbers and routing numbers, and then having to have an account synched with my own only to receive the funds up 7 days after is absurd.
Never mind the time my CU shut down my account because of suspected Identity theft, which took place within their teller at their HQ! I couldn't access my funds for nearly 3 weeks as their office hours were conflicting with my own.
Daily withdraw limits are ridiculous. 
The banking Industry is the proverbial dinosaur that doesn't realize the asteroid hurling towards them is about to send them several notches down the pecking order because they're too busy trying to satiate their endless appetite at all costs.
The game is over, its just going to take a while for the legacy system to catch up.  Which is ultimately good as it gives us more time to improve and innovate.
@_date: 2018-07-29 22:00:42
Except Hitler's National Socialist Party (Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei) was defacto 'Leftist'... he even did the nationaliztion of land and of People like those you demonized. I even met former Hitler youth when I lived in Germany, it was still Hell for anyone not within the political inner circle as rations of food/clothing and other staples of modern Lifer were issued by the State.  
Dude, people like you are so hopeless at seeing through your own lies, and I mean this in the most compassionate way possible via this medium: But you're so intellectually feeble that one cannot even take any interest in correcting you, let alone ridiculing you or your ideas.
Just take your poorly formed ideas and look at counter arguments and look into their position(s) and merits before you start your inept diatribe about something you clearly have no idea about. Which thus far have been economics, technology, and History to just name a few. 
And just so its clear: Crytocurrency is Anarchic, as is the Internet, none of which require the edicts of 'leaders' let alone an orange colored imbecile making incoherent platitudes and uniformed conjecture about topics he knows nothing about.
@_date: 2015-04-26 03:44:52
I'm not Ashton, or [Big Red]( (thank god) but: [Challenge accepted, mofo!]( 
I demo'd this in front of someone and gave them an issue of [yBitcoin](
Sure it was 5 cents more than when I paid from my BOA, which I have since closed, but I was forced to play 12 USD just for that account, which is almost as much as my mobile phone bill.   
Oh, and I nominate: Theymos, drop some coin on Dark Wallet, dude.
Edit: Haha, someone didn't like I placed focus on the hypocrisy of SJW, eh? Oh, well... Big Red will forever live in infamy.
@_date: 2015-04-15 04:49:16


They flat out want nothing to do with them. 
[I recently wrote about this and spoke in greater detail about it, as I've been involved with the stark impositions on the industry]( as a grower-cultivator since 2012--I have land in Colorado and will be growing industrial hemp along with my other cultures (unfortunately pushed to 2016 due to upcoming commitments) and the indignation of this is beyond words. 
The portrayal of this segment is quite tame if you know or are involved with the actual situation, [take a look at the video I linked to in my response]( to some ignorant poster to get a better understanding of what is occurring over there (eg para-military style escorting of fiat to safe houses, business owners and employees living in constant fear of banks closing their accounts and conform to what poor services they do get).
In addition to the flagrant hypocrisy of it all, as noted at 2:40 in this video, its the misallocation of resources that are squandered which are better spent on much needed infrastructure and improving the logistics of goods and services, in addition to investment into supporting other sectors of the cannabis industry, but perhaps more importantly the sequestered potential in the cannabis industry in terms of employment and growth. 
This is a sector that has attracted people from all over the World, from [former NASA scientists]( to your average [would-be journeymen]( in a small community I'm a part of we have recently been reached by two professional accountants from the Philippines who have made the transition to Colorado to try and break into the industrial hemp industry--and this is by no means atypical. Not to mention the constant requests for guidance and info from other farmers from the US wanting to get in only to find that they are barred from financial services from day one; which is a death kneel for agricultural operations that have lead times up to 1-5 years depending on scope and capacity. 
Combine this with the fact that traditional loans or lines of credits are out of the question, as is crop insurance and subsidies which many other farmers rely on as a safety-line to hedge their losses (think 2013 floods in Colorado). And this is not even mentioning the shit we deal with the DEA...
Long story short (kind of) there is so much untapped potential here for crypto to shine, what it requires is capital from investors with a long term view of ROI and some savvy entrepreneurs and marketing people to break the flood gate, reaching and capitalizing on this demographic won't happen overnight but when it does it will be something to behold; I'd like to volunteer to help in some capacity to do so because although I lack the personal finances to do so myself I find this so imperative--I also encourage the crypto-rich and VCs to direct their efforts here. 
This is actually why I got into crypto: to disrupt and help correct that which is unjust and perverse.
These guys are risk takers in there own right, believe it or not, and while initially reluctant they will listen if they can be convinced their vested interests can be secured. Albeit with some hand-holding as they aren't the most tech savvy. 
@_date: 2018-07-22 19:40:59
They're not a scam, but they have been lacking in several aspects for some time now, including getting back to people regarding technical issues, unfortunately; with that said, I'm not sure if you can still export the account, this will show your private key, at which point you can sweep into any other mobile wallet. Anything will do for such a small sum, really. 
At which point consider making paper wallets, check out James' video on youtube about how to make them.
@_date: 2018-07-31 01:59:30
You're probably right about that, in some ways, but I was referring to myself in that statement if you hadn't realized; if you haven't noticed from my stream of recent posts I've actually have been in the btc community since 2011 in many capacities. 
I've helped in various aspects during two national crises with the help of many members here and elsewhere, both of which you can see my involvement in my post history on this account alone. 
I've been an active member of several BTC/crypto communities in the US and Europe for over 7 years; I've done hands on workshops to introduce new people to crypto gathered after years of first-hand experience as I had an actual startup in this space, which as I have mentioned before has become the vast minority of people in this space for some time. 
I've done presentations in many conferences focusing on crypto viability to overcome financial censorship, I've worked alongside some of very cool people you probably never even heard of in this community to do all of this, too. 
Judging by your account, assuming you don't have any others, you seem to have joined during the price spike in late 2013, which is when I made this (at the time) throwaway to separate my BTC talk account. 
Also, let me remind you of your recent remarks to Bcasher's:




So, I'll kindly ask: what have you done in that time to take such offense, other than make even more condescending remarks to others here about forks, that is?
But, with all that said: politely, fuck off! 
;) 
@_date: 2018-07-31 06:47:10


We can agree on that much; it seems my work here is done, my post whoring has concluded: I'll be in my Palapa! ;) 
Sidenote: I actually binge watched season 5 not too long ago, it wasn't as good without Erlich; he really did embody the bemused 'arrogant prick' archetype rather well. Also what the hell was up with that taking over the network stuff at the end of the season, when did their Internet become a blockchain?  
@_date: 2019-09-17 19:38:45
Preface: I'm an AnCap.
This is what I mean, I think communist and socialist have one thing right about most of the poor who consider themselves staunch 'capitalists,' one: they don't realize how it really works and what it takes to maintain itself, and second: they all think they are temporarily shamed millionaires. So they side with the powerful and rich who disenfranchise those via legislation and vote against very obvious anti-poor laws, who can be as powerful and rich by having access to lots of disposable, cheap labour.
Crony-capitalism has to be done away with and those practices you talked about are exactly why they get to have advantages that they do that allow them to send lobbyists to those prostitutes who sell themselves for such concessions. 
My argument was that I ask for nothing from the State other than to be left the fuck alone, nor do I owe them for the typical arguments made by those who are proponents: schooling and roads. I personally don't think it was anything special, in fact I would have preferred to have invested that money into more productive things like runway money for my business ventures/startup as well as some preventative health based procedures. 
My contention is that to finally rid ourselves of this archaic nation-state model we must first realize that Megacorps can easily take their place (if we succeed) and create an even worse dystopic future. You need only look at Big Pharma, MIC, and the Petrochemical corps to see how fucked things can get really fast. 
I'm all for Commerce, Free Markets, and an Agorist approach to all of them... but we have neither in the Real World outside of what things like Bitcoin can operate over, which is ultimately very little so far and doesn't have an inherit enforceability outside of protocol itself. That must change if we are to create a better alternative. 
And as far as I'm concerned this Global Statist system is already dead, its reached a self-cannibalistic mode since at least 2008 (perhaps as early as 1913 when you really think about it as it led to World Wars) so we might as well get as much useful information and access to resources to build a better Future from it if we can.
@_date: 2015-04-12 17:42:19
This conclusively removes any doubt that providing financial services to this industry isn't given any meaningful consideration; the way Polis speaks about her you'd think she was a Feudal Lord with whom they bothered with their *petty earthly concerns*.




@_date: 2018-02-10 06:27:46
Oh, I know that; that GUI is fucking atrocious, and the channel set up looked like a pain, too. But, as i said, it was like going back and having that 'awe' moment as everything was synching back up and playing with it. 
I haven't run a node or qt/Core since... 2015? My rpi2 and sd card are still in the box since then. 
What would you say are the minimum hardware requirements, can a basic i5 machine handle it? 
@_date: 2019-09-12 06:49:47
OP, is this the 7/11 on El Camino Real in SC?
I see the red Terracotta roofs, Amtrak sign and the Old Town building, and it looks like it could be.
@_date: 2015-04-07 05:48:19
Awesome, this and the influx of Bitcoin sent to his defense fund should really show how much merit the 'no one gives a fuck about who you are, or what you did' argument really has. 
I just wish Edward would stop aligning his view to that of the US biased narrative, not for my sake, but he is truly wishing for something that will never be; because I think for all of Oliver's segments flaws that is truly what you can expect not just from the *supposed* 4X% ignorant US populace, but that of the equally apathetic and uninformed and ignorant World population. The beauty is that those he has empowered to make a difference have the resourcefulness, resolve and creative capability of 10's of those who simply don't care--as the aforementioned efforts have demonstrated. So the numbers game isn't as significant as some will make it out to be. 
I just feel bad for the guy since he really wants to come back to the US. 
@_date: 2019-09-17 20:15:54
Well then you're missing the point of why social nets were created in the first place then. In an ideal society you wouldn't need them at all, but Reality is messy and complicated, thus I do think they need to be analyzed, and thoroughly so to be accurately quantified in utility. 
You're right, I don't get how or why say an engineering student has to load on tons of debt while working and has to go without eating because they can't afford to eat to afford rent, tuition and books but people who have tons of kids get housing/food/clothing etc... paid for. Its absurd, and makes no sense to me-it only encourages perpetuating poverty and misery--but I have seen enough of it to know its real. (I personally became a chef during my time university because of that same situation, though I never sought assistance as I already knew what it entailed.) 
What's worse is that the US culture has some sort of sadistic POV that deems something like that just 'paying your dues,' when in reality paying for post-Highschool schooling is a recent phenomena, what most do not understand or refuse to acknowledge is the physiological and mental health issues that arise from being food insecure, calories deficient as well as the trauma that takes place. Anecdote: Greek kids were passing out in class due to malnutrition during the crisis during 2008 and now have a huge social problem with depression and suicide as well as the civil unrest the had. 
The Human condition is such that if it was Hungry and desperate enough it went to War and committed all kinds of atrocities--we haven't evolved past that, and if you look around you can see examples of it are still here in Modern Society. 
A negative tax system is only useful if you have gainful employment, many of the labourforce won't in the next years with the advent of automation. I know its displaced more than anything else, and I personally see that as a net positive as Human drudgery shoul dbe done away with; the problem is that re-training isn't always an option. I've personally done it and can move between 3 Industries at will, my goal is for it to be 5, but I'm an anomaly and its come at a Huge cost and sacrifice that I know most won't even consider let alone fulfill. 
Many working class people are in tons of debt and what money they have left after that is left for basic necessities... and unfortunately most of that is squandered on pointless affectations (Apple phones still have long lines) so they eat subsidized processed and nutrient deficient food, which is why diabetes and heart disease kills more people than anything else in the US.   
So in your system, those who have no wages do not benefit from this and thus the system is compounded as the poor/impoverished always reduce their quality of food during a budget constrain, which is culturally fucking stupid as that is what keeps you alive and healthy. 
I don't know about the official budget numbers, as the State's figures are always skewed to fit a narrative, but conceptually if you want to do this at the State level: I think its entirely possible via a flat VAT system, which while not perfect can be accomplished--I saw first hand in the EU its many pitfalls, but its useful to have the tax included into the price rather than this overly complicated fractured tax system based on goods/services the State deems more or less harmful. Moreover, they do not have a perpetual underclass under the yoke of student debt and ever diminishing opportunities.
 
I personally think that alongside UBI raw food, meaning uncooked vegetables/fruit/meat, should be tax exempt though. The medical costs for just the aging boomers is bankrupting the US, can you imagine if/when all the millennials (who are now the biggest cohort) with poor eating habits and destroyed health are on-boarded to a publicly funded medical system? Its literally game over and it will create Global shortages of labour and goods/services.
@_date: 2019-09-12 07:49:29


I'll take a stab at this as I have some experience as a founder and a semi-early adopter in this space; they're using and weaponizing Human instinct and behaviour, specifically greed and ego.
We've reached a saturation point where most founders care more about funding and growth than they do about 'core principals,' best recent examples being Coinbase/Bitpay/Shapeshift etc... in the West. I don't have proof in front of me of it, but would anyone be really surprised if Jihan/Bitmain had a member of the PRC of the helm of that thing?
If they want funding, or need 'regulatory assistance' to keep them out of jail or getting erased as in the case in China then they play ball, simple as that: they want to keep their baby alive, and I can understand that part, but when its to the detriment of the community and what the goals are then a more principled individual will do what is necessary and shut it down and move on to the next project. For a hacker its a much welcome restart to leave with some funds to start something new after a short break and a restart, but this is no longer a community of hackers, they're blatant money men from Goldman Sachs and predatory Silicon Valley VC funds riding the coat tails of those who came before...
The true hackers that built this tech are few and far between these days around here and that is why their methods ultimately work in my view. Its cunning Social engineering, this way they can misdirect and misinform from the cover of a Bitmain or a Coinbase rather than be the boogeymen stunting progress, which would further radicalize some people around here. (I'm not saying Blockstream are perfect, far from it actually, but many Devs were here making commits and pushing BIPs back when this was net negative use of their time, earning their reputation in what has been an awesome meritocracy for me personally.)
Its clear to me that nations can/do overtly put all the KYC/AML bullshit on exchanges to vet those who will stay and exploit them down the road as they're too 'committed' for their own good at that point, in fact I want them to, because all it will do is eventually force migration on to platforms like Bisq, where it belonged all along.
KYC/AML BTMs are a joke, they're here for the low hanging fruit, anything they say about access is mouth service; most noobs don't go to them unless one of us Nerds are there hold their hand and convince them its better when you already have some.
Things like Dorsey 's cash app has gotten alarmingly sensitive about potential trading, I was an early adopter and after 2.5 years they shut down my account because I was moving more money through it than I previously had--first they wouldn't approve my Bitcoin withdraw option which is what I really wanted and went silent in the process then they just closed the account without warning. They did allow me to pull my funds off the account (into fiat). I still haven't gotten a response other than an automated and generic 'violation of terms of service.' So, I've since moved on.
The arm of the State probably imposed them to close anything that sent a red flag as a term of agreement as a money processor; so I don't blame him as his core business is still in Square and he can't risk having that impaired. Dorsey himself seems to be a throw back to the old days, where it was more about the doing the impossible than the money making, but then he's already a billionaire: suffice it to say, ultimately his hands are tied, but I commend his commitment thus far.
A part of me just hopes that in addition to funding core devs in the public eye, he also sends some dev money toward the Bisq/Wasabi team discreetly.
@_date: 2018-07-29 20:02:57


[Not true, he actually grew psychedelic mushrooms in the beginning, with less than ideal results.](


Not it is not, it may be at the State level in several US states, but is still illegal at the Federal and subject to severe punishment for possession and consumption to this day; also private companies are still obligated to screen for use if they are recipients of Government funding.
So its hardly 'legal' in any sense of the word, perhaps 'sanctioned in quarantined areas' is more apt.
@_date: 2015-09-03 09:40:35
What are you looking to exchange? For such a low amount, perhaps LocalBitcoins/Mycelium/Meetup is the easiest; if that isn't available, try selling something on BItmarket.
If that fails, Paxful or Purse.io is the way to go. 
@_date: 2015-04-28 19:21:04
The meet up in Oakland had some guys showcasing there projects, and just started up: 
@_date: 2019-09-02 07:05:35
I had a similar encounter with a professor discussing politics and economics on the tram at Zurich ETH about 6 years ago. He had no idea what I was on about. And now look what Switzerland is like in terms of crypto legislation and such. These guys are fossils, and I question what value they ever really had beyond lecturers, if I'm entirely honest. 
We need to think about this in terms of how Linux/Unix ended up taking over the server and smart phone market share, they did it softly without anyone really noticing until it became the norm to use opensource free software. The so-called technorati of the World are already clued up to bitcoin and crypto as a whole, the rest of the non-initiated are what's up for grab, which is what is essentially the center of the bell curve and the bulk of most Humanity.
Look at it in these terms and you'll see the necessary adoption to even scratch the surface for something like hyperbitcoinization will only occur when you can onboard people who don't want nor do they see the value in being your own bank or the benefits of having a decentralized monetary system.
@_date: 2015-04-29 07:17:11
Not surprising, actually; I think Japan held the title for the nation with the highest savings per capita of all developed nation/economies for decades. House-wifes routinely stash money away, as they are the one's who manage finances in Japanese culture. 
There was a series of articles noting Japan's low savings saving rates in the past 5-8 years, but I always thought that was just what was held at the banks/investment firms. Good to know I wasn't that far off, I thought it was closer to half a trillion--then again this was during a strong yen so perhaps was correct at the time. Inflation creeps in regardless, which is rather sad as much of this is likely life savings, rainy day money or inheritances... and Abenomics shows no sign of slowing down. 
@_date: 2015-04-09 05:02:57


Do you think [joining this network and piggybacking off their system]( would be a viable option? I'm normally not one to pester retailers to accept bitcoin, but I think this cool idea that should materialize: I can imagine a Doctor's without borders doing joint consultations/diagnostics remotely to offset the those on the ground.
They also have lab test and Rx services over the web, I imagine there has to be a way to get a physician on your state that can issue/order a rx at a pharmacy, but I'm not sure what that would entail.
[This is how it works and bare in mind that was almost 4.5 years ago.]( I'd like to know what the state of the art is in medical devices to compliment these services. I know there are apps and stuff on iphones that can measure heart rates, but what else? 
Just out curiosity as I have been out of the sector for so long, to your knowledge what is the breadth or even the most common of bloodwork-lab tests (diagnostics) that can be outsourced where you operate?
@_date: 2015-04-30 06:47:24
Respected? Envied? By whom, other Corporate Welfare recipients? Because after Monsanto, I'm pretty sure they are more than likely the most hated company in the World.
Listen troll: they were so bad at being an investment bank that they had the State cover their asses in 2008 and get bailed out, after selectively allowing them to be deemed a traditional bank.
[Get a fucking clue,]( and get a proper job where you are not shilling for banks on forums.
@_date: 2015-09-03 08:51:31
And here I thought that one of the pyrrhic victories of the [economic collapse was the derivatives market and commodities blowing up in her hideous face]( which for any sane person would at least ensure we would finally be relieved of ever seeing it again out of personal shame. But... here we are. 
This woman has no fucking shame, and despite whatever **short-term gains** can be gained from this PR stunt I think we do ourselves a great disservice allowing this person and her misdeeds to be associated with what crypto's main objective was.


It may be that Reddit is often mis-infomred *gibberish,* which I whole-heartedly agree, but take a look at that link up there and see why JPM settled out of court during the FARC investigation, the energy sector manipulation in both California and Michigan. And you'll see the same face on that, too.
The former actually had a severe impact on halting and subsequently decommissioning the most dangerous nuclear power plant in the US because of their direct involvement in the energy sector in CA, and [prolonged offsetting and diversifying the energy needs for millions of people in the largest economy in the US]( while endangering said people in ways that can't be calculated. So her direct involvement has had not just a negative economical impact, but also an environmental, and also a health-safety issue. 
Her nefarious involvement in these actions are well documented, and I would argue it is anti-intellectual gibbersih to deny it. 


Good observation, though, I would add that she is: Graza + Karpeles + Brewster rolled into one. 
PS: What is even more ironic is that it was Bloomberg itself who went on to paint her in this light as the incompetent sociopath that she is--she cannot even cover her lies and JPM had to divest from all the commodities she was involved with when they were caught, incurring huge losses. And now all of a sudden she is the darling of the Crypto-Revolution by the same publication? 
The absurdity that Bitcoin has an image problem because its associated with drugs, sex, and weapons yet allows this is really insane.
@_date: 2018-02-12 21:39:45
Actually, BTC did attempt to do that with colored coins; it was just way ahead of its time. Most of those ICOs are scams, and did more harm to Crypto's log term reputation in the broader public's eye; and while ETH itself is not nor should it be held responsible for such things I would still like to see them focus on the primary goals they set out to complete instead of things like Crypto Kitties. 
I don't own ETH, nor have I ever owned its, but looking at this with fundamental principals in mind I cannot share your enthusiasm at this time. Perhaps at a later date when these things finally pan out, but until then, I'm just skeptical of its actual use-cases. I never liked its premine, or its altering of the blockchain after the DAO, and looking at the bloat and node centralization it doesn't inspire confidence, either. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 03:38:11
Nopara73 is bringing the goods, I really wanted to take him up on that offer a few weeks/months back on joining this; people can keep bitching about the current price but with LN scaling the way it has and things like these being worked on (I really wish coin join via Darkwallet or even if Stealth addresses had taken off) we're way better off than we were just in December alone. 
Exciting times, thanks for all the work NP!
@_date: 2018-02-11 20:12:10


Yeah, I don't get the negative connotation; also worth mentioning is that the Pirate party, for all its flaws, was also really instrumental in spreading awareness for things like Crypto in the early days. And given their renewable energy source I hope even more hashing power goes to Iceland and away from China. 
What's funny is during the capital controls (are they still in place?) for the Krona imposed by the Government BTC and Iceland looked like the perfect match. 
I look forward to more of those Icesave memes of ['terroist Icelandic children']( but this time in front of the mining rigs. 
@_date: 2018-07-01 21:44:56
This is intentional, but I feel some antagonizing actions for the luls are necessary ('Abby Bitcoin' style in London). 
@_date: 2015-04-29 05:53:55
Yeah, I'm presuming our invites got lost in the mail. So, I'm showing up anyway, want to share a lyft there? 
But, seriously; how many times are we going to have to hear stories of this cliche? Islands and meetings about financial matters tend to piss of enough people to rouse suspicion and then we never hear the end of it. Click bait PR isn't worth this. 
@_date: 2019-09-12 01:50:45
Big fan of Tesla, but I need to step in: I was actually  going to work for them while I was still in the Auto-Industry, I got my offer after 2 visits to the factory. So I got to see the lay out and the factory at Fremont as it changed as I was going for a position in the Supply Chain/Logistics and it certainly isn't set up for Y nor is there any room for it logistically speaking--Model 3 was way behind schedule, granted it was Elon time, but it was the logistics of the assembly line that were pushed far past its tolerances in addition to QC on the assembly line.
Sparks/Nevada seem like a possibility, but that new factory in China is coming online soon, and will probably be the ideal candidate as they had to refit the assembly line(s) for Model 3 several times in Fremont. I imagine they'd have to do the same at Sparks.
Second, there is no basis for your 30 year projection, the oldest Tesla was the first roadster, which is actually a PITA to keep on the road; also, parts for the current models alone are scarce and if you go near the factory you can see a body shop with tons of S/X/3 sitting there waiting for repair parts to be shipped out as the defects/damage is quite significant as they were in the Model 3 ramp. It can take months before getting something critical like a bumper or a dash to a body shop outside of the Tesla repair centers.
Lastly, as this can go on: The powerwall requires you invest in solar panels on your home or land, which if you're state hopping as you mentioned, it won't exactly be of benefit to you and you're better off net metering any excess energy back into the grid .
I share your excitement for Tesla as this is all really cool tech, and I'm convinced they will eventually iron out all the kinks, if they can turn a profit, but... there is a reason Tesla has almost gone out of business so many times, they shoot for the stars in hopes of getting to the moon. They live and breath hype, but lack a lot of critical parts of the equation, so seeing how the sausage is made is very eye-opening.
In my view the biggest priority is that they still need to figure out how to get all the Model 3 deliveries to Europe and Asia without damage, in order to not hemorrhage money for repairs/parts/delays/rentals on the other side of the World, before they can conceivably jump to Y, Semi or Roadster. Also, I cannot realistically anticipate the 500k+ deposits this time around, which was a significant cash injection. If they see more than 80k Globally for the Y I'll be super surprised and excited.
I've driven all 3 and the Model 3 was my favorite, the X isn't really an improvement over the S besides the winged doors to dance, so I can't see Y being better than a performance Model 3.
Edit: 


Funny, did you spot the Model 3 in the pic and get motivated to write all of that?
@_date: 2018-07-30 19:15:50
I tried selling one of my cars on there for Crypto, I even offered a 5% discount, and not a single buyer; the few that did call in and schedule an appointment were pointless tire kickers.
CL would be cooler if it had a rating system so you could screen people, like send a micro tx everytime you tried to inquire or get people's contact info, ask a question, set up an appointment and have it on a scaling pay scheme... in fact maybe this where Balaji's crazy pay-to-read email idea would have been useful. 
This could be a cool concept, but I'm pretty certain no one would willfully pay for it since the real CL has such a massive presence online.
@_date: 2018-02-20 07:38:16
Can someone with a law degree weigh in on this and clarify how this becomes enforceable? I'm up to my neck in LN stuff, and unable to wrap my head how this would work, does California thus become the chief judiciary system for non-arbitration on the blockchain?


How would this even work? I'd create a 'deed' that I now own all of Billionaire's Beach, create a contract and hash it in a tx, then what?
@_date: 2018-04-06 08:12:09


S14s are not that expensive in the US/UK, it looks like its been modded a bit (wheels, aero, suspension, exhaust) but this car can be had for 10-14k (USD) rather easily. 
Its not in the Tesla and Lambo price range, so anyone who did well in DEC ATH could have bought this with profits and bought back in with ease. 
@_date: 2019-09-20 15:14:04
Oh fuck... 
These guys are here now, this is worth reading: 
I just hope the exchanges can maintain a real price that reflects its utility and real price discovery and that these options exist in their own parallel existence in a realm of its own as its not actually tied to real btc trading.  I don't see this as positive news at all. I'm not denying HFT/bot trading takes place on exchanges, but these fuckers have endless funds from the State for their absurd antics, as proven with the $100+ billion injection.
@_date: 2015-04-11 21:36:39
Welcome to the outcome of a 'regulated Bitcoin' path, if we are to lower ourselves to these confines in the name of mass adoption we shall soon find ourselves as irrelevant and obscure as this option shows us it is. 
I swear, when I started I thought we were experimenting with building a new economy with the pursuit of a free and just means of transferring value to one another without an intermediary, thus brining commerce to the closest thing to a Free Market we have ever had; as years have gone by I just don't think that is the focus anymore. 


I lament what normalizing this kind of thinking has done, and I fear what may become of our collective efforts if this is the best outcome we achieve... it's Killer App serving as a re-branded Paypal clone which no one uses. 
If Bitcoin is to fall into the hands of regulators and those who are quick to acquiesce to it,--whom are at present dominating Market Share in exchange/services and being the main point of funding--it is really troubling as I'm really starting to wonder how this outcome, as bleak as it is, isn't entirely inevitable. 
I'm not at the pessimistic stage of this journey just yet, given certain small and poorly funded projects I actually still have reason to be optimistic, but it is sobering to see the 'mass adoption' cult and Chart-humpers having what they so long sought for staring back at them with nothing to show for it to the detriment of us all; it epitomizes the definition of a Pyrrhic victory: sure you got paypal to 'play along' with your nerd money, but at what cost? Where is your moon? 


Indeed. This is a point of reflection for the community, and perhaps an inflection point in our trajectory.
@_date: 2018-07-26 09:38:11
When is he doing Brogan's pocdast, again?
@_date: 2018-07-22 19:12:40
Your post made me think of this: [
@_date: 2015-04-26 04:23:55
Yeah, that is lame; where are you from OZ or Europe? I have never heard of bandwidth caps in Asia or N. America. 
@_date: 2015-09-01 06:21:47
No, thank you for reminding us all what this technology is all about and the implications of its use-case. I'm looking forward to the new video, whenever you get around to it. 
1 subvert
@_date: 2015-11-15 22:15:22
I actually thought buying *bragging rights* on Soundcloud would be a 'thing' when they introduced it recently, like something on Changetip notifying your social media network you like *that band no one has ever heard of* which makes you look cool in the eyes of your fellow socially awkward circles. 
Or what I call 'the hipster effect,' which like it or not sales as it ultimately appeals to that all important factor at that age: vanity. 
Other than that... uhh, amazon/overstock stuff like clothes or games sounds about right. 
@_date: 2015-11-25 00:23:17
Rad, this [where I was in that time 2012-2013.]( [And then 2014.](
Enjoy it. 
Did you at least buy your tickets with Cheapair or Expedia with BTC?
@_date: 2018-07-30 19:46:18
Its not as easy as you'd think unfortunately, farmers really are the most risk-prone in action, yet the most risk-averse in finance, culture I have ever met in my Life.
I've come full circle into thinking that only small scale Ag and Community gardens will be the true adopters; IBM's initiative has been an utter failure with on-boarding multi-nationals to utilize crypto through the 'blockchain' only narrative. They had an amazing opportunity to reach many farmers who supply to those corps, and as a relic of the past they could have redefined this entire landscape and their company as whole for the 21st century; instead their contract bidding/data base sales tactics run too deep at Big Blue and they already lost what momentum they had. 
Most of their development is in serving finance, and to be honest that is just a fucking a waste of time and talent for what is already an ossified relic of the 20th century.  
Ukraine and Venezuela's path share a lot in common, and makes me wish things like Aurora gave us more data to work with. I know things are bad, but I just hope war, civil or otherwise doesn't break out and fragment the People further. 
Thanks for doing this, guys, now I have the motivation to stop fucking around on the Internet and get back to work.  
@_date: 2018-07-31 23:45:41


[Secret Service, and DEA. You may be talking about Agent Carl Force, the more well known of the group due to his antics in the investigation.](
@_date: 2015-11-24 01:48:21
We already have Bitbutter's part 1:
I'd rather help them raise funds for part 2, I'm in for my entire Changetip wallet: ~4000 bits or so.
Bitbutter's patreon: 
And wallet: [1LyBDKNRs1Ssrc6XBCRuyCGZCt5yTMp3HE](
Who's in?
@_date: 2015-11-12 06:54:51
Afraid not, I think its US only; I tried to use my Swiss email address and they rejected it. 
@_date: 2015-11-13 04:04:08
That's what I got on my first purchase. 
@_date: 2015-11-19 22:37:32
Biggest waste of private early adoption funding in my view, how do you feel about this?


Yup... I can't say I'm surprised at all! I still hate being right about someone as smart as you, Mike.
@_date: 2015-11-11 20:20:27


Just about...
My account is still active because I had to submit an obscene amount of information to a 3rd party if I recall correctly (something heart?) to cancel my CB account. 
Hopefully no funds were held in the account, and it will be a small loss; you can now move on and learn to Bitcoin correctly. 
@_date: 2015-11-26 04:32:44
Putting somehting in place to monetize the next fappening, ehh... I'm not entirely sold yet, but I *could* be convinced. I'll monitor from a distance. 
@_date: 2015-11-20 01:24:27
I said this to someone recently before this event took place, we were actually talking about Ross, and I specifically said we have entered the 2nd Crypto Wars some time around late 2013 early 2014. 
I just hope that we can be led by example and see this through as we saw Zimmerman put it all on the line to get the tech out there.
For the uninitiated amongst you: 
[Do a bit of reseach](


Worth a watch, thanks!
@_date: 2015-11-19 22:32:15


Exactly most sim cards have to have an ID attached to them in the EU, barring the periphery member nations in my experience. And well we already know what Snowden revealed with the 5 eyes program from web.
Time to step up our OpSec and go full dark. Early adopters need to make things like Meshnets, low latency retrsoshare and PgP encryption based projects a main priority.
This really cannot be a surprise to anyone other than the 'Bitcoin will work hand-hand with the State' types. 
I'm looking at you, Coinbase.
@_date: 2015-11-13 04:05:43
My question is why did he come back from Thailand. I mean NorCal is cool and all, but if you're running an operation like SR the first thing on your midn should be how to get the hell out of the US and stay out of prison. 
@_date: 2015-11-26 00:37:10
That doesn't answer the question as miners are not a fleeting, transient end-user of the most ubiquitous Spyware Marketed as a 'Social Media' platform; Miners are deeply invested in this system for a myriad of causes and reasons and seek to profit from its ultimate success, or at least continued operation.
None of which seem to care or even see any value in forking the system even if it does increase the blocksize. I'm all for larger blocksizes, I have had to wait hours recently for a tx, but even so XT is the brainchild of a 'known entity' who got Gavin to play along for some reason, which may ultimately validate why Satoshi ceased communication with him and the community entirely. I'd like to believe in Gavin, but these continued efforts just make me more and more suspicious of his motives and of him as a Person despite all the work he has done in the past for our ecosystem--which, I say with a heavy heart.   
@_date: 2015-11-21 20:03:34
Care to explain your thoughts on why they wouldn't be implemented?  I admit my ability to follow the Dev's list or IRC these days has been lacking so any insight on the matter as to why it won't happen would help. 
@_date: 2015-11-26 21:26:04
Exactly, the high unemployment levels amongst the youth reflect a poor 'entrepreneur environment' when I was there, and little has changed by the look of it.
Still its a beautiful country with vast forests, amazing architecture and lots of culture (you can see a lot of influences), its a highly underrated place in my view, I wish I would have spent more time there.
@_date: 2015-11-25 22:14:05
Dude, e-coin is in based out of the UK, and Xapo is from Argentina but through some odd way incorporated in Switzerland, which funny enough means they don't serve the US with credit/debit card services.
Shift is the only one so far that does offer cards to the US, but is currently limited to a few states and must be linked to Coinbase or Dwolla.
You have options, you just seem adamant to not want to pursue them. 
@_date: 2015-11-09 19:57:04
Varies, there is a long-held thought process that potential/kinetic energy is a viable option for electrical storage, this of course is undermining all the progress Tesla, MIT et al are making with battery storage systems, which is actually far more favourable in terms of practical applications. Add-on infrastructure to existing infrastructure seems nice on paper until you deal with pro-longed build sites, delays, paperwork etc... to do a project at scale. 
And the water option described above is a mild one in terms of feasibility, I have heard of Kinetic Energy Recovery Systems that will use old train carts on a mountain top in certain circles. Its gotten to a point that I see it only as an engineer's play-thing essentially. 
@_date: 2015-11-12 06:57:56
Like they did with Ross? 
@_date: 2015-11-26 06:02:21
You bet, glad it helped. [Be sure to tip James if you ever have any spare coin around.](
I know he posts here, but I forgot his handle.
@_date: 2015-11-19 23:01:29
^^ This guy speaks truth!
@_date: 2015-11-25 08:13:58
I'll offer a free copy you can use of [We've Been Neoconned by Ron Paul himself.](
 
I'm sure because it was in a public forum it can be used, just maybe not monetized? 
@_date: 2015-11-13 19:48:18
Good answer, and I agree are very true; the use of intermediaries removes the entire purpose of crypto for me.  And while I'm not your core demographic, I am very cognizant of the challenges you face in your project. 
I'll keep an eye on this project, tell Draper his CA plan was abysmal, but his work in the crypto community is really gaining traction with projects like yours, and Joystream. 
@_date: 2015-11-15 21:54:00
NFC? Yeah, I mean think about the cost of integration if you have limited users. Those bean counters, especially in Germany, are unlikely to give it the 'allest gut' with that in mind. 
I was in the Baltic's and relaying my experience from my stay there,  by the way.
@_date: 2015-11-30 05:18:06
I'm interested in using your services, from the US, so can you described what the 3dsecure feature is and how I can overcome this if I don't have it. 
Also, is your 20% VAT already included from spot price you have on your ticker?
 
@_date: 2015-11-24 02:53:00
Oh... 


You're that person around here, if you haven't noticed, we already have the Economist, Bloomberg, Economist, Gaurdian et al... 
@_date: 2015-03-12 05:28:04
Kind of... it was more of a 'oh you know that guy? He is busy tonight so let me sell you some instead.'
Turned out the guy selling me the coins was a guy who worked on Dark Market with Amir. 
Such is my life in crypto.
@_date: 2015-04-02 06:08:30
Un-enforceable if you Bitcoin properly; solution: ignore and learn to Bitcoin. 
As for his trial defense fund, I'm sorry to hear he still wants to come back to the US, because his chances of getting anything like a State pardon let a alone a fair trial are non-existant. Which is just sad.
I just wish that in time he can instead buy a passport-residence like Vorhees or Veer on some island to come at least close to being back in Hawaii. 
I'm sure some firm on an off-shore haven like the Caymen or Malta would hire him on security and data privacy. I mean Thomas Drake got hired at an Apple store, and you know damn well that isn't the full story. 
@_date: 2015-11-20 08:31:11
Sure, until you realize how very few people actually use PgP and then it all seems like 'out of sight, out of mind.'
This is worth repeating and a reminder from our Cypherpunk philosophy roots:
**Ross Anderson** "clever crooks don't use crypto for secrecy. They are aware that the main problem facing law enforcement is not traffic processing, but traffic selection." 
**Phil Zimmermann** "It's nice to see the last remnant of the crypto wars in Great Britain finally laid to rest, and I feel good about our win. Now we must focus on the other erosions of privacy in the post-9/11 world." 
@_date: 2015-11-23 20:57:20
I mean if they're just acting as middlemen, then that's great. This idea needs to be proven to be unprofitable, once and for all. 
@_date: 2015-11-25 23:15:10
The hell are you talking about, did you even click the video link it specifically states: 
DEVCON1: History of the Blockchain - Nick Szabo
Its a very good speech about Cypherpunk philosophy. I'm so glad Nick has finally come into the limelight rather than being the 'ghost' of Bitcoin as he had been for most of our History.
@_date: 2015-11-20 20:11:46
Moving forward what States do you see on the horizon in terms of availability, and are you working an exclusive relationship with Coinbase and Dwolla or do you foresee more options?
@_date: 2015-11-24 02:28:08
BitButter speaks about Crypto-Anarchy and Cypherpunk philosophy and uses of one of Wai Dai's best qoutes in the 1st minute... yup so do I!
@_date: 2015-11-23 01:54:37
Brawker is kill. I've never heard of Tution.io but as a business owner/entrepreneur I'd hate to carry a student's loans under any circumstance; in the US it exceeds Credit Card Debt levels. Mine felt like paying off debt bondage when I paid those 5 figures off, and that was all through private funding.
I'm struggling to get past the 'Why' part more than anything else, why throw good money at this? Unless you were mining with Hal Finney and you have coins to burn, I'd just keep the fiat payments rolling and try to extend/post-pone as long as you can whilst working for cash. 
@_date: 2015-11-15 17:43:27
Or much of Eastern Europe and most of Asia for that matter. I had a better chance of using my Visa based debit or credit cards in Germany, and if that failed my card was linked to Deutsch Bank so I could withdraw rather easily, where as a Bankomat in E. Europe was a long series of rapes from service fees, exchange fees etc...
But the aversion (directly or indirectly) of Visa's hegemony is alive. Its just that most of the community uses a US-UK-EU-AU centric view of the World when they make these assertions. 
@_date: 2015-11-13 22:49:59
Speaking of security with Blockchain txs, do you mind telling the community what happened with this and how it was spent:
@_date: 2015-03-17 06:49:15
[I got stuck here]( so I cannot help either. 
I still haven't gotten any coin either. 


How candid. 
@_date: 2015-10-27 16:34:25
MMJ has been legal in CA since the 90's, so I disagree entirely with that statement as it will be 20 years next year; I'd argue that operation chokepoint is the status quo and the State seeks to maintain that for a myriad of reasons. Luckily innovation is out-pacing legislation, and the Bitlicense non-sense was struck down in CA. 
@_date: 2015-11-27 22:49:49
OK, I'll bite: move the coins, or just half of them (5555.55) to a preassigned address with a message time-stamping the event and post the hash here for us. 
If it turns out to work, not only will you remove doubt you may ultimately get some of your questions answered. 
I'll watch from here. 
@_date: 2015-11-15 01:33:54
@_date: 2015-11-26 08:58:04
Am I the only one conjuring thoughts of Satoshi being a Bitcoin George Soros? That would definitely be worth coming back for should the opportunity arise. 
@_date: 2015-11-21 19:59:08
I think the importance of HD wallets is one of the unsung attributes of crypto, and every time I try to explain Bitcoin to anyone I wonder if over-emphasizing its significance is right.
Still, I'm glad I still see this within the community after all these years; I still remember how big I thought this and Todd's Stealth  addresses would be when I was starting to think of BTC use-cases, as they addressed some fundamental flaws with the ease of Blockchain analytics. 
@_date: 2015-11-11 19:33:09
It should be noted that the +15% discount is enabled only after you already make a purchase, or in my case 2 confirmed ones with btc in escrow. 
It was a good experience overall, but that clarification would have helped going into the process. 
@_date: 2015-11-26 00:22:30
Cryptsy, huh? Well, alt trading took a quantum leap since Shapeshift... 
But I take issue with this:


Were you here or on BTC talk before the 2013 price spike? Because that is an outright lie, and we had dealt with several goxxings before and this was the eventual logical demise of what had become the bane of the Ecosystem.
I mainly lurked and used throwaways back then, but yeah... it wasn't anywhere near 'a few' that could clearly see that. 
@_date: 2015-09-25 02:53:25
Mobile phone services, mainly; but I'm saving up to make big purchases using Purse.io, which essentially open up all of Amazon's catalog at a 25% discount. 
I'd disagree with your statement, its just very convoluted, but I've done the research and just about every expense barring barring rent/mortgage payments can be paid using crypto as an avenue. 
Its just not available in a ready package to the consumer.
I think the better question is: What exactly are you not able to buy? 
@_date: 2015-11-20 20:22:44
e-coin.io is your best option in EU, they are perhaps the best card option right now.
@_date: 2015-11-13 19:33:57
Granted, but you didn't answer the question, I'm afraid. 
@_date: 2015-03-11 03:17:28
Up until the cash injection, I believe it relied entirely on the user fees from conversion from one coin to another. This was observible if you checked the exchange rates/prices from one coin to another. 
I realy like it as concept, and will defintely use it to get DRK in the future. 
@_date: 2015-03-07 22:05:25
Thanks for doing this, I missed it so I will catch the upload (if there is one) later. 
Setting up a conference/expo is a huge endeavour, congrats for pulling it off so well. 
@_date: 2015-11-26 09:25:08
Does anyone have a link to those re-furbished thinkpads with an open source Bios and some (homebrew?) Linux distro? I saw it on YC a while back but forgot to save the link.
And if so, can anyone with the ability to compare the benefits between the two do so; I mean if what ORWL is saying is true in terms of tamper-proof, then it seems [things like this at Defcon were clearly overlooked.](
Either way, creating Hardware we can trust is a huge priority.
@_date: 2015-11-25 23:03:20
[Or Karpeles doing his 'I'm going to get away with this smirk']( before his [eventual comeuppance.](
Welcome to Bitcoin; this is a meritocracy, you are not valued by your appearance or misplaced self-righteous sense of self-worth but rather only by the value you create and contribute to this ecosystem. 
Keep your suits and ties, we'll save ourselves from that procession and continue to innovate with our unkept blue hair and such, thanks.
I find it hysterically funny that the some of the most honest guys in this space, like those from BTC-e, are people we have never even seen before. 
The real question is: Who are you and what have you done?
@_date: 2015-03-04 04:17:20
I see this is perhaps as one of the greatest forms of praise I have seen for some time; especially considering that this is a short list of what the State consideres crimes:
* Wealth preservation from theft (taxation/inflation)
* Innovation to reduce mortality of local/Worldwide commodity Markets (SR et. al.)
* Commerce and Trade (Local Bitcoin Markets)
* Unregulated entrenprenuership that skirts local licensure processes (SWC)
This outshines the small rally in my eyes, gents. It means that despite the huge push by the influx of fiat worshipping money-grabbers and their dreams of a regulated fed-coin or a paypal clone, Crypto still does what it was intended to do. 
@_date: 2015-03-01 18:47:05
You got it all wrong, you see where the slot says 'Jeremy Allaire - Mainstreaming Bitcoin', right? That is just PR-speak for Lunch Break continued. (Annotation pending.)
@_date: 2015-11-26 00:48:53
The UK is the new China in terms of the absurd bi-polar actor, first they wanted to issue a 25% VAT, which subsequently destroyed their exchanges and my efforts in adoption, too. Then they reneged, but continued to spread FUD. 
Then you have Cameron et al demanding the ban of encryption, and putting back doors in everything; all while the BoE has been giving a nod of approval to crypto, and now this?!
Well, I guess the only good thing is that at least it doesn't increase volatility. 
@_date: 2015-11-25 00:00:23


Perhaps for typical brick and mortar consumer stuff, but the truth is with Visa cards like e-coin/Xapo et al I take issue with your statement.
I wish that had been available when I was over there, since I'm from the US I saw the explosion of merchant adoption (ironically Coinbase driven) happen here and sat on the sideline.
@_date: 2015-11-15 01:31:31
I prefer [this one.](
@_date: 2015-03-19 06:25:55
Any chance that LA/SoCal will back on the calendar, too?
@_date: 2015-03-01 18:19:48


I'm not sure why you got downvoted, I recall streaming James' and Gavin's speech during there first event so its not unheard of; I'd like to see this streamed, too. 
@_date: 2015-11-25 23:10:09
[Best ELI5 right here with a walk-through to boot.](
@_date: 2015-03-10 01:50:53
Its super secret, though, but I got a forward of its curriculum; I'm stuck on module three: **Collude with the State for stolen coins while expousing the virtues of Free Markets.**
I did, however, get through modules 1-2 on: **'Play the PR game to bury and undermine your involvement in embedding spyware/malware scandal.'** That was a toughie. 
@_date: 2015-11-11 20:41:43


[Unlikely, aren't they obligated to hold customer info for a an extended period of time due to being a Money Transmitter?](
@_date: 2015-10-27 16:50:56
You clearly don't know how this industry works if you think they are waiting for that to operate. And I'd argue it isn't their fault that they are pressured to do so given what legal hoops they must jump through and the perpetual threat of raids. 
Edit: I'm not going to divulge more info and it was mistake showing the info that I did on a public domain, though it can be easily located if you know where to look. I'll consider responding to your PMs if its relevant and worth my time, though. 
@_date: 2015-03-19 05:50:44
Would you do it had it not worked, despite having seen the countless hacking/goxxing/doxxing, coinbase selling emails etc?
I'm willing to pay more for my privacy and security to remain intact. I seriously wouldn't bother with Bitcoin if I was a noob and saw the hoops one goes through to buy from exchanges and ATMs in the US. Its just not worth it, and makes it seem more intrusive to my privacy than fiat. 
Coinbase used to be a great avenue, with certain tribulations and headaches, but now if you aren't buying locally or selling goods/services in exchange for btc I just don't know how this can be dealing with cryptocurrency anymore. 
@_date: 2015-03-12 05:03:39




Very true, which is why I always encourage the unintiated to attend a bitcoin meetup first and foremost before being 'convinced' its for them. I speak as a person who went through the steep learning curve with all the trials and tribulations of setting up Bitcoin-qt to recieve my coins, and then learning about transfering coins, and eventually cold storing coins after I sent a bank wire and waited 3-4 weeks to get some coins--thinking soon after I had been ripped off after reading some posts on BCT. (If I recall the bank wire was just as much, if not more after volatility, than the intial amount of coins I actually recieved.)
At least at a meetup you can see the benefits of having a community to answer your questions and discuss the merits of current projects and the challenges of on-going development within the community maybe toss some tiny amount of bits around to noobs to show the mechanics, and if drinks and good conversation follow 'why this all matters.' 
In my opinion it answers the 'why should I care about this nerd money' question better than anything any evangelist, even Andreas', can conjure up.
Once there you can then buy some from a member of the community in person, and if all else fails give him some of yours if you are that eager to 'convince' him. 
With that said, as a past customer who you used to sing CB's praise here I'm not even upset anymore; I'm just resigned to a tepid form of dissapointment and embarrassment everytime I see these posts. 
@_date: 2015-11-16 07:39:00
Exactly, the money is held in escrow, and even if the product says delivered the funds are only released when YOU the buyer release them. I had to wait a few days, my fault not theres, to get my items and the delivery status had shown 'delivered' days before I released the funds. 
Funny enough, I had bought stuff both on Amazon using and not using Purse, and the stuff arrived sooner with Purse.io as I'm sure they made use of the Prime 2-day shipping.
But just like anything: YMMV.
@_date: 2015-11-19 23:09:29
I'd really like to see the mental gymnastics they'll use when trying to rationalize why they are the biggest funder for TOR. 
God, can we stop listening to these guys now; regardless of circumstance they simply are not worth our attention on this subject.
@_date: 2015-10-27 16:09:15
Consider growing your own? I'm afraid the absurdity of 'legalized' mmj is still no where near your satisfaction, contact me if you want some consultation services. 
**Do you think they pre-register &amp; have to turn up showing proof of address &amp; medical need, and then they can get it mail order to that registered address?**
More than likely provide them with medical card and verify patient address information given the protocol that must be followed in CA. This is how delivery and mail order services operate. 
@_date: 2015-11-09 16:44:22
Wind farms have always had a short-lived profit window when compared amongst other renewables, so its cool to see this is being offered due to an abundance of energy from it; if this business model catches on, it could help expedite the adoption of IoT by essentially operating on idle until the free electricity cost. 
The BS red tape we had to deal with to re-sale electricity in Hawaii was abysmal, thus our panels remained idle while we were re-furbishing our irrigation systems. 
@_date: 2015-10-04 01:49:44
I had something similar happen early on with a petty sum that turned into a (at the time) somewhat significant amount afterward.
First thing is to stop while you're on top, take your coins off the website and place them in 4-5 individual addresses in [cold storage]( 
Be sure to back up the private address in some form, you can obviously opt to buy a trezor but since you're the gambling type the harder they are to access, the better they are for you.
Keep 1 or 2 in your mobile wallet to show people what they are, buy the odd thing online and maybe even place the odd bet if you ever feel the need. 
If you really want to do something with it and make a difference, take a 1/4 and become a seller on Paxful; if I was 18 I would be all for getting some real work experience with profits that could help promote adoption where it is most needed.
@_date: 2015-10-26 22:35:18
I'm not exactly sure if this is the same presentation hall, but I'll assume it is, and there are several in this article along with a few good stats and observations regarding the mobile payment ecosystem:
My personal favorite are:
*2 out of 3 people who attempted to use Apple Pay encountered difficulties with the transaction. 
*Proximity payments in the US: 22.2M in 2015 and growing to 37.5M in 2016 (19% of mobile users) primarily driven by millennials. 
**BainCapVC's Harris: Banks r hooking up w/ Bitcoin entrepreneurs like 8th graders playing spin the bottle 
And perhaps highlighting the fact that we can solve all of these these needs with BTC:
*What is the biz case? Lodging, airfare, rental car spend? I'm not sure there is  to fix 
Hopefully they see the yBitcoin magazine and look into it as they could use Cheap Air and Expedia.
Edit: Maybe not...
**Jeremy Gardner  26m26 minutes ago Paradise, NV**
*Dude starts talking about bitcoin.* 
*Thousands of attendees stream out of ballroom.*
@_date: 2016-05-15 08:37:35
Ahh, there it went. I deleted the original post thinking it was a changetip bot error. 
Keep up the work and let us know what comes of it. you are already on the right track thinking about OB for distro and avoid your centralized options like steam and such.
Upvoted for further exposure. 
@_date: 2015-11-19 18:57:43


[The first nation to push for Gaddafi's execution was actually a member of the EU and most member nations for that operation were EU member states]( and [the first Multi-national inside ready to profit from the power vacuum left after the Western backed coup was an Italian Petrochemical giant Eni.](
Maybe you should do a bit of research and be equally as skeptical of your own conclusions as you are of others. 
PS: The craziest thing from that was that Belgium had been on route to be the nation with longest period without a Government in modern History, yet the monarchy supplied them airstrike capability.  The only 'lunacy' here is the belief in nation-states having the interest of their respective populace as being anything more than an easily dismissed matter. Funny enough, Belgium's GDP grew in that period, too!
@_date: 2015-03-01 11:58:36
Can we give them Karpeles? Its about time JPM got Goxxed, what better way then to send in a known variable and let him *do his thing*. 
Plus, with his reputation within the community he is likely to charm Jamie Diamon within no time. 
@_date: 2015-02-17 15:45:07
Slick UI, as mentioned before. 
Generating multi-sig addresses wasn't functional at first, and the prompts didn't reflect the reason for why they couldn't be generated. It took me 5 times to get this message despite all the same info being included:
Create New Address
A new blockio address has been created for you.
The address is 3QsuD4itrH6E9cfoCCaciaUquwe52gAmY6.
That was the only bug I could find in the 10 mins or so of signing up and playing with it. Other than that you have a really good eye for simplicity and intuitive layouts, it looks really noob friendly.
Sidenote: Why is Swartz in the picture of your post? 
@_date: 2015-03-23 09:51:41
While a part of me wants to believe that *should* be the case, and a better use case for this logic would have been the SR stolen funds sold to fellow conspirators, the fact of the matter is that we shouldn't confuse or desire for a payments system to act as a moral arbiter. It should be a-sympathetic to anything other than inputs that create outputs in a secure cryptographically veriable way, nothing else. 
And the fact of the matter is that BTC-e actually resumed withdraws quite quickly, too; if you go to the troll box many were disapointed they couldn't capitalize on the perceived 'crisis.' 
If anything this should be a reminder that you should never keep your funds on any 3rd party system, be it a DarkMarket or a Bulgarian exchange ran by Anons. 
@_date: 2015-11-26 00:16:48
No animosity intended at all, but by what possible metric does XT still have any relevance? 
Can someone please post the amount of blocks mined since its inception. 
@_date: 2015-10-27 06:01:22
Directly! Now that is progress, these are registered clientle so it probably operates much like the vending machine in CO. 
@_date: 2015-11-24 01:25:14
Is there a way to get an invoicing layer on top of this for settlement process? 
@_date: 2015-03-27 09:03:53
I noramlly post this and the part 2 when these threads come up; not sure why you got downvoted so have an upvote. 
I would add that you should make several addresses and split those coins up, should you lose one or get hacked (unlikely if you follow said tutorial) you don't end up losing it all. 
I find OPSec in BTC has a steep learning curve but once understood it becomes second nature--perhaps this is further ingrained due to the hacks and thefts that we have witnessed over the years. 
@_date: 2015-03-11 16:46:18


What he said. If you actually use the service to transact you'll see they take about a ~6% fee or so based on BTC to DRK. 
Now, how can we scale this to be decentralized is my question, its a nice proof of concept, for sure. But I'm glad some of the early adopters are putting resources into this.  
@_date: 2015-10-27 17:21:49
Procurement of materials for personal grows with crypto is what I was offering to the user above. Sorry, if that wasn't made clear.
@_date: 2015-03-19 06:09:56
Me, too. I'm still trying to find the best solution to the memory issue, I still use my only external hdd daily. 
For anyone else interested running it on RPi:
Does anyone else think we should be marketing these to noobs with 2 SD cards one to run as a node and another with Darkwallet/Armory/Kryptokit as a bundle?
@_date: 2015-10-27 15:41:39
It's vending machine, as in singular, as there is only one; and the operation is a medical marijuana dispensary only so you have to show your red-card/medical card while doing the transaction. Recreational dispensaries, which only require proof of age, are taking even bigger risks in CO actually. But this isn't entirely their fault as you can see the refusal on the part of the Federal Reserve in earlier threads, and this has been an ongoing saga. 
My personal view is that paying for marijuana with BTC is more of a net benefit to the ecosystem, the merchant and long term adoption than it is for the end user for the reasons you have described. But it should still be encouraged for this reason alone as every time you enter a dispensary in CA you have to show your medical card to gain access.
If you want to remain anon and pay with BTC then stick to DNM, but this is actually awesome as up until now most are reluctant to even consider the option through the most convoluted of options--which exist today and act as middle men.
@_date: 2015-10-25 15:31:04
Less then 90 minutes
All you need is:
**ID (passport)**
**Proof of Address**
**Live Interview (15 minutes)**
Try again.
@_date: 2015-03-23 09:22:16


That seems a bit excessive, I've been playing with my RP2 for a while now and barring the expensive fancy case, I don't see why the costs should be over $100 at all, even less if you DIY. The biggets cost being the 64gb sd card. Your projects cost may be the case if include keyboard, mouse into it. 
In fact, if there is demand for it I will take it upon myself to do a limited run of them, can you convince, say 7-10 people to go in for $100 +SH? Count me in if you can, and we will work out the details and ETA; they will be highly utilitarian, though, so acrylic cases but with a SanDisc micro SDs, and phone charger power supplies that (while not advised by some on the RPI forum) still works well for a node that will have no periphery devices draining it. 
Let me know.
PS: I forgot to add, in my experience USB would be a better storage solution for read-write speeds for the blockchain, SD cards are laggy as hell. 
@_date: 2015-03-15 18:58:49
Oh, man you're going to have to talk what's his name... Greenspan, no... Bernake, oh, uhh, wait... Yellen for those proof of violence coins; which if I undertand are known to stop mining on the weekends and some other arbitraty dates on a calendar. 
@_date: 2015-03-15 18:44:08
I'm not a trader myself, but I noticed that the [buy/sell prices were inverted for the respective tx.](
No other bugs to report. 
@_date: 2015-10-26 22:57:00
While it would be easy to criticize the spot price of BTC I think its short sighted, I bought two and loaded one for demo purposes and to be quite honest the spread wasn't that big of a deal.  They ultimately have to monetize their services some how.
What I dislike more is the 3 confirmation wait that, due to a negative fluctuation price at the time, required that I send an additional 15 cents to purchase my virtual card. That was far more annoying than the price spread, in my view. 
Here is their official thread:
@_date: 2015-02-27 08:14:59
Well, lets call it blowback--victim by association?--for [his Father's involvement with operation Superfish; for all his lofty rheotirc about government intrusion he (or his firm) has no problem funding the placement of malware on people's laptops.](
Sucks having your privacy violated, doesn't? 
**Some free PR advice, Draper**: match the 80K TOR recieved from reddit and say that you will use Tails. (The rest of that strategy will cost you.)
@_date: 2015-02-08 23:13:08


Would you care to explain how that coincides with Ross' confiscation? (Sub-standard Opsec not withstanding.)
While I agree with the sentiment of your statement, and even agree with its basic premise of its inherent mechanics/virtue, the truth is that while 'proof of violence' has supremacy our Agorist Blockchain 'proof of work' will always be prone to violation and theft. 
@_date: 2015-02-09 01:39:58


Snowden on his own admission knew the NSA (HR person?) would know it was him; his house in Hawaii with is gf still in it (who thought he was out traveling for work) was searched, and his alliby of being sick was discovered to be false not long after the release to Glenn and media became public. (Laura had it, before, though.)
So, not exactly, he had sound OPSEC, and was 3 steps ahead of the NSA with the help of Wikileaks staff as it all unfolded in the public kabuki theater called international politics; and even then he stayed a month in Moscow in absolute uncertainty of what to do next when his passport was revoked back in HK. 
So, he didn't exactly dodge anything, he and Julian played their hand well as you would expect from an OG Cypherpunk-Cryptoanarchist with connections with heads of State in S. America, despite the NSA's best efforts.


Until Stealth addresses are common place and seamless, I will never be able to consider those avenues secure; mych less resiliant as they have a single point of failure: centralized servers. And even then, they operate on the Hydra model, they do get hit and the State tries to make an example of them (ie Silk Road 1/2).


I stopped caring about the coins, and considered them long gone after this point, as I had none in Gox myself: 


Ok, semantics aside, there have been too many coins purchased, or sold from exchanges and atms with ids attached to them these days that could be tied to names/address/age... such that  that it wouldn't take an agency like GCHQ to target one person and find out that he sold/bought to 12 different others in a short matter of time. 
The concept of this level of security is true, I've read the white paper more than once and was won over by its security/trustless.p2p nature, I'm not denying that; but because this community has fallen victim to the *convienence over security* disease, Bitcoin has almost lost that attribute entirely in my mind, because few are willing to got through the trouble of getting 6 degrees of seperation to buy/sale/hold their own funds.
I'm not trying to play the role of a Buttcoiner, I'm actually an enthusiast and advocate of Crytocurrency by extension of Cypherpunk philosphy and Cryptoanarchism, which is why I voice my criticisms the way that I do; but in its current state, it is clear Bitcoin cannot achieve the things you mentioned. It can in theory, and we are working toward it in own way, it just hasn't done it yet. 
Which is why funding projects like OpenBazzar and Unsystem is just as important (if not more) to the ecosystem as *HODLING* and much more valuable then praising Coinbase for getting wall street leeches and parasites in this space.
PS: An entitely fully secure system is a myth, it as best viewed as secure, and attacked until proven otherwise; I highly reccommend you watch this Snowden video:
[Bruce Schneier and Edward Snowden @ Harvard Data Privacy Symposium 1/23/15](
@_date: 2015-03-31 18:58:35
I've used rakuten before, and its cool that they're using BTC with multi-sig; but I'm more interested in someone setting this up for yahoo auctions in Japan.  
That is like the craigslist/ricardo of Japan, with the added benefit of having a huge sector of foriegn clientele. (We used to scour them for used Skyline, Silvia, Mark II etc... parts back in the day and you wouldn't believe the pain in the ass it was to finally get something.)
@_date: 2015-11-26 10:13:57
Not sure what became of this, but [point her in this direction.]( And [this.](


@_date: 2015-02-18 02:57:37
Nice, are they a one-off since its in such limited numbers? 
Any leads on an actual RP2 (US) all I have found are dead ends with backorders or unavailabilty. Every supplier with any in stock seems to be in the UK , OZ or HK. 
@_date: 2015-02-02 07:33:38
Tell that to a struggling artist, [our favourite nomadic coders and developers]( or freelance journalists; they'll take whatever they can get. That is who we should focus on, not some (presumambly) people in a lofty position who have expendable time to make witty comments on Reddit or Facebook instead of working to make the World a better place.
@_date: 2015-02-18 09:51:22
Unless its a weed which can propagate soley with roots, and I think good subvursive ideas/disruptive technology exhibit the same atributes to weeds in many ways:  they propogate with great intensity, they survive in barron soil yet thrive in fertile soil all while using a myriad of creative (evolutionary adaptation) means of distribution. 
The two are only percieved as a nuisance to those with a vested interest in their control or demise; Nature, however, has given them all the means to counter this.
@_date: 2015-02-13 14:46:51
She was ehh on RT, her replacement is way better; so I'll propose: 
[Erin Ade](
@_date: 2016-05-15 08:33:14
Not sure what to make of this, any chance of seeing this on Twitch or something for interactivity.
Anyhow, haven't been on here but just logged on to tip someone recently and introduce them to changetip bot for a streaming service, so you can have the rest of my account (not much left) as I haven't seen a tipping-spree in ages.
122 bits Edit: hmm, it won't release the rest of my account with that command? 
@_date: 2015-02-03 06:52:19
True, but no one in either of those ventures were FORCED to use or invest in those currencies/services; I however, as a victim of FOREX market rigging, was imposed to do so as I was traveling thorughout many European countries on USD based savings and was subject to these manipulated rates. My standard of living and quality of Life suffered in a real way as result of this; to what degree is hard to calculate, but it was felt.
There is a very distinct difference between both of those scenarios, and while I cannot help but pine for what N&amp;B could of done for Cyprus by now, all those other ones were obvious scams. 
*Caveat Emptor* nature of the Free Market has its drawbacks, but not doing your own due dillegence is known to create these outcomes. Learn from them and make better decesions, these are the growing pains of our ongoing experiment.


We have been getting GOXXED since 2011, and so... no, your time line is not entirely correct. 
I just have to say this again: Fuck Danny Brewster! I didn't even lose money on their failure, but damn what a great use case that would have been. I'd put it up there with Sean's Outpost had it worked out. Especilaly in light of ECB's QE scam in the EU, and news like OP posted. 
@_date: 2015-02-02 11:48:25
So this is what finally [made that CEO resign]( wasn't it? This is the best he could do? 
Lovin'? Christ... 
I wish I could say that thier future looks stark for them and this is disaster was another nail in their supersized coffin, but then I realize that in every Mcdonalds outside of the US I have ever been to its packed with tweens kids and the eldery dropping $20+ for thier HFCS and MSG fix--at least 3 generations of brand loyalists walk through their doors everyday. In addition to their access to [TARP funds to further their poisoning business model](
Well, thanks for being open on Sunday when no one else was and providing NSA backdoor'd wifi for a price of a drink, but I still want to see your demise along with everything you repersent, you wretched clown!
@_date: 2017-07-10 17:34:26
'the combination of not being open source '
Explain: 
@_date: 2015-11-23 09:21:29


Its stuff like this that makes me wish Tarring-Feathering never fell out of fashion, where are those Blythe Master circle-jerkers now?
She literately is the one of the worst examples of a Human being in Modern History. The untold amount of Human suffering this one person is responsible for is only comparable to War criminals. And this isn't hyperbole, [her foray in Future's contracts in Ag decimated entire industries. ](
I mean fuck they destroyed and picked apart Greece like the vultures that they are in broad day light.
@_date: 2015-02-19 05:59:39


Its archiac and quaint to think borders are what stop this type of behaviour, it isn't. Its quite likely that even the threat of not allowing these companies in other countries to enter the US market (biggest consumer Market in the World) if they don't play by the NSA's rules would quickly quell any kind of dissent within a boardroom. (Lets no forget the cables and leaks had inside information of private companies from around the World in addition to governments.)
What we need is decentralized manufacturing owned and managed by people with similair aims, goals and philosophies. 
Case in point; if you have followed the nature of these events for any length of time you will come to realize that its actually the UK's 'intellegence aganencies' (not the US') who has had supremecy in mastering this level of intrusion--even Snowden says it in various interviews--and yet I still want a Raspberry pi. Why? Because the company makes it there mission statement in selling bare-bone modular and scalable computing systems that allow any individual (if so inclined) to pick and choose the means and methods to create their own PC/Hardware device depnding on their own level of Opsec and purpose. 
This is what we as a community should be focusing on, how do we use crypto currency to shift from the current paradigm of FoxCON churning out the NSA-spec devices that flood the Market to consumers Worldwide to creating a robust decentralized opensource device industry, thus taking advantage of a more meanful victory with actual substance with real-life and meaningful advantages. 
Conclusion: If our currency is borderless, why shouldn't our devices be so to? It took us 5 tumultuous years to get it but we now have the ear of Silicon Valley Venture Capitalists, why don't we make full use of it?
@_date: 2015-02-17 08:14:41
Dude, the name of the game is to be Unbanked, Brawker is a cool component to achieve that end. Its not cheating, just our first sucessful iteration in acomplishing that in our nascent and emerging ecosystem and economy. 
We need more 3rd bill payment services, and Bitsumo services competing with one another if we are ever going to see those sweet discounts back. Most of whom will sit on it and sell at a profit, or add a premium and sale locally. 
Merchants giving discounts directly for what constitute at best 1-5% of sales was never sustainable, and quite honestly, rather foolish if maintained in a prolonged fashion--it could past the mustard as a PR/Marketing campaign for a while, that is until the *bean counters* start to ask questions about its efficacy and ROI. 


I defintely saw a shift here and in BT since early 2013, in fact I joined here because of the misinformation I had to correct; but this isn't my first 'rodeo' as it were, in getting something entirely niche into a mainstream for mass consumption. 
It is the Nature of things when you start to monetize things, people with vested interests try to assert themselves with promises of large profits and political clout if certain 'compromises' to core princeples are made in hopes of being able to profit from it. 
Its dissapointing on one hand but also an affirmation we are getting more acclaim: for good or for bad. The good hting is the Blockchain is indifferent, and to a degree so am I: let the Charlie Shrem's of the World get burned if need be, and let a million SRs bloom alongside. 
@_date: 2015-02-02 10:28:43
So, maybe not a node challenger, but could this be the cost-effective device to  have a plug-in-play run armory/Qt or anyother PC wallet-cold storage device for the masses and uninitiated? We can bundle them as starter kits with Linux distributions, the blockchain and armory or qt on a SD card for under 50 bucks. 
I paid just under 2k for my quadcore bare bones tower that I use to run QT on back in late 2011 or early 2012 (I can't recall exactly but around Xmas). 
I'd buy one of these for $30 to just snub both Trezor and Bwallet after that fiasco last week.  
Hell, I may even consider doing a BTC jam thing or Lighthouse if there is enough interest and do it myself. Who is in?
@_date: 2015-11-14 23:28:42
That's unfortunate and really requires more explanation on your end; this is what Nastasia did with our contributions and provided proof as you would expect (and the bare minimum we demand as crypto nerds) from anyone taking funds on behalf of the Bitcoin community:
Which to date remains the best thing I have ever done with BTC, I'm glad I played a small part in it. 
@_date: 2015-11-13 19:26:41
Do you see block-size issues being a hindrance, and while I'm in favor of on-chain txs, why did you choose not to go with Monetas or similar service?
Awesome project,  by the way.
Also, a nice nod to the Crypto nerd roots of BTC; tell Goto Dengo to get on this, sharpish.
@_date: 2015-02-08 23:26:04
Bitcoin is Resident Evil: Outbreak 1/2? 
[There was a resurrection hacking and using the Japanese servers last year, btw.](
@_date: 2015-02-09 00:05:13
So, then is Hungary or Croatia or any other non-Euro country more Sovereign than say Italy, Ireland or Greece? Because, while the latter nations are in bad shape, the former are even worst-off. (I used to believe that currency was a defacto attribute of Sovereignty until I actually went to these places and saw it for myself, and confirmed that they possessed Sovereignty in name only.)
I'm not advocating they, or anyone else get the Euro, far from it and I hope they never do; but simply being in its realm of influence (economical, strategic or geo-political) has had a detrimental effect to its economy and respective populace, Hungary has terrible inflation, unemployment and Croatia has the same with 25% VAT on everything to ensure their membership in the Eurozone. (All of these were impositions or a consequence by Brussels, by the the way.)
And then one asks, what about a place like Montenegro that isn't even in the EU but uses the Euro? 
I think we should watch Lithuania as the canary in the coal mine, for the fate of the Euro/EU post CHF peg; this reminds me of Slovenia all over again: a poor E. European Baltic nation trying to play catchup with big German, French, Italian economies and failing miserably as their quality of life decends further.
Fiat currencies... why do we even do this anymore?
PS: I wish that Andreas never go into Politics, as I will have to sever whatever good nature and respect I hold for him. He resigned from the foundation because of its corrupt nature out of conviction, the vile realm of politics has no equal in defilement or lewdness.
@_date: 2015-02-05 20:08:00
Sweet, I'll have some follow up questions later on. I haven't seen any that are in stock in the US. Any links?
@_date: 2015-02-09 22:19:24
If I had 1000s of coins I would be scouring failed projects on crowdsourcing platforms with promise and crypto applications and float them for their ability to integrate crypto currency to offer their good-service into the ecosystem for 25% of the company. Wash and repeat. (It is what I dubbed VC 2.0, for a lack of a better term.)
I don't think Lighthouse, while good meaning, will surpass the ease of putting a multi-sig address for crowdfunidng inside the ecosystem. Its an intresting concept, with cool features, but Lighthouse is epitimizing how difficult Bitcoin makes what should be otherwise simple things rather complex. 
QR codes are simple, easy and efficient for 90% of users. 
With that said, I think is the only one I know who has, despite having quite a few early adopters and Bitcoin rich droping in here and reminding everyone who they are with often pathetic attention grabbing methods. 
@_date: 2015-02-19 06:28:09
Me niether, its just what you can expect them to do from now on; what we should be mad is that they should have been obsolete by now with the emergence of decentralized exchanges. 
They are coming along, sure, but if we cannot rely on our exchanges we need to seriously see why we have missallocated our resources and how we failed to capitalize on our subsequent lost opportunities. 
@_date: 2015-02-18 06:23:35
Funny how the [only ad in NY doesn't accept offers in BTC]( Even the one in [Russia, with there supposed ban, accept BTC](
Cool platform, all it needs is traffic to really see what it can do; but what is the creator(s) business model? Fees for ads/memberships or a commission based fee?
Sidenote: This UI looks a lot like [Roolo]( is this like a template or did all developers in this space take exactly the same class or something? There is nothing wrong with it, it looks rather nice and welcoming, but its just odd how reoccuring the theme is.
@_date: 2015-10-27 16:22:28
Difficult to say, really; mobile/web wallets are pretty stripped down, and offer little more than scan/send/receive, also worth considering is that most that adopt them are likely usually guided by other bitcoiners tipping them to adopt it, so its probably a bit less... but this is merely conjecture and based on my personal anecdotal experience. I'd definitely say that BTMs are perhaps a larger strain with the KYC/AML non-sense. 
Mycelium and Airbitz has NFC, too.
@_date: 2015-02-21 10:24:43
I always thought how hilarious it would be if the US Marshalls got targeted with SQL injection moments before transfering the stolen funds. 
I could hear the collective emotive gasp as blockchain.info or what ever website they used to monitor the transaction as it read:
Sorry, your transaction cannot proceed unless you pay us 30,000 BTC to X address. 


Government is and always has been the precursor for the most dangerous form of organized crime: [Wonder no longer.](
*I chose theft and rackteering, but given the awareness and ubquity of police shootings and increased militirzation of police I thought it more apporopriate to focus on how they function like the low level foot soldiers that they are for their Don-like paymasters: IMF, World Bank types.*
@_date: 2015-02-10 00:31:30
[Can I reccomend sending some of that windfall to these guys]( they claim to essentially solve the issue with what occured to you. 
Do your research first, I just learned about them today, and  I'm still not finished with their LTB segment, but its essentially what we need now more than ever: Decentralized exchanges. 
@_date: 2015-02-27 10:04:41


[He is too busy doing this to give a damn about your post(s) *calling him out*](




Chairty and good will doesn't require State issued paperwork, and the fact that he continues to do what he did but doesn't do it for self-serving praise is testament to his resolve. 
You're clearly an (paid?) attention seeking whore who likely didn't donate a thing yet seeks to spread FUD for what has been a beacon for the [homeless who's sheer plight made it illegal for them to cover themselves in public]( by the State; which in my estimation is justification enough to not deal with them, your imbecilic antics notwithstanding. I, however, did donate and felt I got my 13 dollars worth knowing he and his team has continued to do as much as he has.


And may I add: re-think your life; had you spent this much effort to 'call him out' effecitvely you would have gone to Pensacola to stay a night at the Satoshi Forest and prove to everyone here how much of a scam it all is/was. 
@_date: 2015-02-03 05:43:33
Do you remember that Kickboxing cameo thing in London last year? Yeah... I stopped watching then, that was abysmal pump of crypto (his own I think) and I just tuned out, but this has a [BTC related interview section.](
Did they relocate to Mexico now? Keiser sounds so incoherent to me now, is he doing these shows drunk?
Edit: Misleading title, not enough Bitcoin and too much dick worship of the *Rough Rider*. Roosevelt was a war monger who supported the expansion of US Imperialism which is the means by which Monopoloys are created and sustained, Keiser should know that. 
@_date: 2015-02-03 05:10:09
I wish I could collaborate with this effort as I always thought this could help underground music artists the most; I have met Pinch and think he is the most receptive artist and label manager to getting distribution issues for independent labels/artists sorted with the use of decentralized systems:
Watch until end, but focus on 5:30 onward. Pinch is really intelligent, and a pleasure to meet and speak with in person.
It was hard to believe we would go from Dubplate culture and Pirate radio, to eventually going mainstream with RedBull events sponsorships to almost entirely digital distribution for some labels in a span of 4-5 years and many original artists doing global tours; but even selling vinyl + a digi d/l on your Bandcamp alternative is possible and can really help the label/artist recover some of thier costs in production. 
Sidenote: What is the layout/budget for your project, do you think you could convince some artists to release some exclusive tracks on your service if you decided to pay them a up front for it as a proof of concept? 
I know some diehard fans would love to get their hands on several .wav files and cut thier own acetate/dubplate--its not a lot of us that have done it, but we've been known to do that. 
PS: [Dark-Deep (original) dubstep]( and [DnB]( on a huge system makes you feel like you are experiencing a cypherpunk novel with your entire body. Distance played a set that I swear made me feel like I was in the middle of a chapter of Daemon from Suarez. 
@_date: 2015-11-25 23:08:21
Who went down this time?
@_date: 2015-02-22 03:39:22
Then Liberty X or Bitcoin meetup might be the only way to win him back, seriously; exchanges and atms are the worst way to introduce people to Bitcoin in my opinion. 
I took my friend who is also a systems engineer to a bitcoin meetup and gave him the nerd tour, he seemedoveral satified with our nerd money process; we later went to a mall where HE located the RoboCON ATM only to stand in front of teh machine and show him the stark comparisons of my face-to-face purchase to that of the anal-probe that awaited him when you buy using exchanges and ATMs. 
Or just sell him some of yours and top up your account later. I'm past my evangelist phase, I'm glad to say it was short lived when I think about it, but yeah a bad first experience to anything is hard to undo. 
But, since your dad is programmer he might see this as a challenge/oppotunity and gets on board with a decentralized exchange project, here is the (pre?) alpha I played with the other day that has multisig: 


Weeks? Wow... you guys are patient, I remember when I was flipping tables for CB lagging during the ATH. I soon found my way out of the confines of exchange purchases soon after that. 
@_date: 2015-02-09 22:58:27
I see an opportunity for Snowden, Applebaum and Assange to come out with an OpSec manual or book; they did well for themselves, and the very people hunted by Global intellegence agencies are like the current gurus of the Cypherpunk, and Cryptoanarchist movement. We should acknowledge that and learn from them. I already have my curtain/bedsheet/jacket method down, Snowden! :)
I think operating on a laptop without a battery/hdd on a liveboot usb running tails and communicating via pgp or other encrypted channels is about the extent of my curreny Opsec starategy. It could obviously use some tightening up, but for my applications its enough, but if they released a book on some how-to's with video support and a forum for Q/A (Lord, knows they have the time these days to check in once a week at least) I'd buy it. 
@_date: 2015-03-01 18:13:06
No, Oliver is I can't be bothered with the Foundation and its ongoing drama, but it will be great to see more core devs come on board because of his efforts and resources. 
@_date: 2015-02-26 06:11:43
Yeah, it is complicated to wrap your head around, [luckily guy's like these]( started services like this:
Not the most decentralized solution--though the servers are located in differnt continents according to the specs below--since it is actually one entity but still better to have more nodes online than be pendantic about the minute details and shun what is an otherwise cool project to help support the network. 
Give them a shot, I know there are more services like it out there but this one has gotten 68 nodes online. 
@_date: 2015-02-01 21:16:23
The only tears I've shed is not getting in at $160's:


10 internets


I agree with the aforementioned, and it justifies my preplexion for why many of you guys were up in arms about getting the Wall street cons involved. They never had any intention of allowing anyone of eating their fucking lunch, and they are bankrolled by Central Banks, and own the (Kangaroo) legal system which is a deadly combination.
@_date: 2015-02-04 01:32:26
Well, look at this way: you seek the State to intervene and that has a myriad of dire implications for the ecosystem, but will protect your business model; or alternatively you could use your business skills to help accomplish your goals, thus proving you have some practical wherewithall, resiliance and merit as an entrepreneur in an emerging economy. The choice is clear.
You make it sound as though new merchants aren't brought in everyday (directlly or indirectly). This ecosystem is still in 'Bootstrap mode,' nothing about this is turn-key; and if you think you can't make it here without the State ordaining you with its blessing, then quite frankly you don't and likely never belonged here. 
Edit: Damn, I responded to a buttcoiner; still this is my response to anyone with a simialar concern. Stop blocking everyone from the exit just because you are too damn scared to stop financing your own opression. 
@_date: 2015-02-03 05:23:23
Guest list and affiliations/position to said companies. 


    Confirmed attendees for 2015 include: Steve Beauregard, CEO, GoCoin John Betts, Noble Markets Justin Blincoe, COO Coinapult Vitalik Buterin, Founder Ethereum Michael Cao, CEO Zoom Hash Dave Carlson, CEO Mega Big Power Nic Cary, CEO Blockchain Amir Chetrit, Factom Reeve Collins, CEO, Tether Julian Counihan, Red Sea Ventures Tuur Demeester, Adamant Research Anthony DiIorio, Decentral, KrytpoKit, Ethereum Joe DiSorbo, Webgistix Jason Dorsett, Early Adopter Michael Dupree, EasyBit/BlockChain Capital Bruce Fenton, Atlantic Financial / Bitcoin Association Paige Freeman, VP of Sales for Bitnet Dan Held, Blockchain/ZeroBlock, ChangeTip David Johnston, DApps Fund, Mastercoin, Factom Jason King, Seans Outpost Charlie Lee, Coinbase/ Creator LiteCoin Adam Ludwin, CEO, Chain Marshall Long, CEO Final Hash Trace Mayer, Author, investor, early adopter Raj Mehta, Kilowatt Capital Matthew Mellon, Digital Chamber of Commerce Ira Miller, CEO, Coinapult Joel Monegro, Union Square Ventures Brock Pierce, Crypto Currency Partners Michael Perklin, CryptoCurrency Certification Consortium Elizabeth Rossiello, CEO BitPesa Marco Santori, Pillsbury Winthrop Ryan Singer, Entrepreneur David Smith Silva, Bitcoin Consultant and Educator Craig Sellars, CTO Mastercoin Bo Shen, Bitshares Paul Snow, Texas Bitcoin Alliance and Factom Nick Sullivan, CEO ChangeTip Michael Terpin, Social Radius Peter Todd, Core Developer Jeffrey Tucker, Liberty.me Alyse Killeen, March Capital Partners Justin Newton, CEO NetKI Will OBrien, BitGo Josh Rushing-AlJazeera Correspondent, Host of Fault Lines  Guest Speaker Micah Winkelspecht, Gem Andres Yashcuk, Factom Shawn Winkinson, Founder Storj Roger Ver, Memory Dealers Erik Voorhees, Entrepreneur Vadim Telyatnikov, Social Radius
@_date: 2015-02-26 06:50:14
Woah, I missed your reply entirely, mate. Sorry. 
Ok, well, you should consider it [because even early adopters are not getting how to run full nodes.](
I still haven't bought my BTC this month, I'm trying to work out this LibertyX thing without having to give too much info, but linking it back to my phone may have to be a compromise I make to try it out. (Kind makes me wish that my burner sim cards from Europe worked here in California.) Which sucks because that is one of the many reasons I dropped Coinbase and pay a premium to buy from meetups. 
Still, let me buy you a beer as soon as I buy from LibertyX; now that I got this pi out of the box I can't stop trying to load things onto it, I tried to get that new tails image to boot since it has electrum on it by default, but so far nothing works. 
@_date: 2015-11-26 01:12:20
Not exactly, I actually 'do something' I just choose not to speak about it to people I don't know or are not equally working in this ecosystem for the same goals. 
This, obviously, doesn't include you, *groober*; but if you'd be so *kind* as to share what you have done that may change?
@_date: 2019-05-30 07:05:48


All that means is you're taking your limited energy and time from 'Buidling,' to argue, often aimlessly and with trolls, with People who have never done anything.
Nothing ends a conversation faster with one of those than to simply ask: what have you built?
Argument, critical evaluation and introspection all have their place, but its often done to such an extreme here and often with no real benefit in this space since 2014 when all the trolls and sockpuppet accounts showed up in masse; Segwit and USAF is a prime example of what happens when we indulge every idiots POV, instead of just letting them try and and subsequently fail at creating a better alternative while we focus on what we sought to do.
@_date: 2015-02-02 08:15:37
Mockery for bad ideas (however bad they may be) is not my personal idea of entertainement, and failures are better sorted by the Free Market with a risk-reward based structure model than some meaningless procession presneted by Marketing-PR's idea of financial titans-gatekeepers in front of a camera.
Reality TV and Crypto is just something that I don't think alligns with Cypherpunk philosphy, despite [Bear Whale's wildest VC ambitions.]( 
Which I personally want to see go down in a ball of flame. Reality TV is the bane of what is already a contrite and perverted form of entertainement which re-enforces (but is not limited to) a great deal of State propaganda, blind consumerism, and perverted social conditioning; we needn't a Jersey Shore like crowd here. 
Let them use Apple Pay to make an episode about a flavour of the month celebrity buying their Romanian knock-off gucci prom dress, Bulgarian cubic zirconia ear rings and Turkish fake tan session in New Brunswick. 
I'll take r/bitcoin and r/DarkNetMarkets if I want some *drama* whilst I Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-09 23:35:52
Yeah, but isn't he serving time? 
Tounge in cheek: The standard for BTC super cars are Lambos and Teslas, not some vanilla plain BMW 3-5 series; so BTC King, huh?
@_date: 2015-02-08 23:40:44
Ponzi is going to Ponzi:
*Investors said they were lured by promises of a HK$1 million return in four months for buying a HK$400,000 bitcoin contract which would produce 90 bitcoins on maturity. Extra profits and prizes such as a Mercedes car or cash prizes would be paid if an investor found more new clients.*
A good idea or investments attracts its customers, and doesn't require the very same customers to lure in others if the business model isn't based on 'the greater fool' premise. 
No remorse given here, that was sheer greed that blinded them, (200%+ RETURNS IN 120 DAYS IN THIS MARKET?! GTFO) not wide-eyed, headlong adoption of a disruptie technology. I mean how the hell do you drop 400k on something you cannot even prove exists, which is the greatest feature of the blockchain: open public ledger with verifiable, and unadultered transaction confirmations.
Hell, I remember hearing about bitcoin in 2010 and I was reluctant dropping something as petty as 10 dollars because I couldn't fathom how I could verify I could get that amount back out and continued to take a passive look until I finally got in 2011 when I saw how a Trustless p2p currency actually functions and the failsafes embedded within it to avoid this in the first place. 
@_date: 2015-11-20 20:29:51
I may never buy one of these computers, but this fucking rad; the option to customize the thing using these methods really puts a smile on my face.
@_date: 2015-02-10 00:03:08
[Coinapult will Coinlock it to remove volatility for most outside of the US.](
@_date: 2015-02-02 08:34:55


They just want their Guilder back, fully controlled and maniplulated by another central bank. Nationalism is the blanket of choice to blind the masses in times of crisis, and they know this.


Agreed. Crypto doesn't need permission to innovate, nor to destroy old paradigms; it must simply be governed by Math and open source protocols for thier user base to review for thier own consideration and purposes.


If it were only that easy. Apparently it takes the decree or vendetta of a Head of State (in the US at least) to even get the ball rolling--and even then its like a vile case of herpes, its only ever dorminant and never truly gone. Only fools believe that these puppets are willing to bite the hand that feeds them. Mario Draghi isn't any different than Bernake, only the names and faces change.
@_date: 2015-02-01 20:55:37


Learn to negotitate? That is what people are supposed to do in Free Markets, remember? I have found people willing to sell to me at stamp prices on a regular basis, but then again they know what my intentions/efforts are in the community, so that helps.


The exception that proves the rule? I'm not sure if you are aware of it, but I'll just leave this here:


I have, and I'm an active donor to Unsystem (although I wish I could give more) and full supporter of what they do for the community, but if you want something to delve into as to why that isn't the smartest thing, start here:
I personally hope they address this, but for now I think that buying from known reputible sources is worth the effort/cost if it maintains my privacy.


Me, too. I spoke to an Argentinian family last night about Bitcoin briefly, and how its being used to hedge against the State's +30% inflation numbers, only to realize that because of where they are from BTC access is not really there for them if they decided to jump in unless they were around Buenos Aires, where I'm told their is quite a bit of support. We need these, just as much as 2.0 related projects; more now then ever.
Conclusion: You have every right as a consumer to use services that are the antithesis of what Bitcoin was intended to do (for now anyway), but please understand that this carries far greater consequences than monetary value.
@_date: 2015-02-22 06:03:26
Dear, Troll: 
Perhaps not backed, but with dealers like [Amagi]( it is actually directly transferable into PM, so its just as good; and perhaps better since its not solely tied to a single commodity whose market has been rigged for decades now.
@_date: 2015-11-12 06:56:33
They do. 
Which is why this works so well, I doubt it will ever happen but I wish they would add the used books section, but given that SH is often 100x times more than the actual cost of the book its unlikely to happen. 
@_date: 2015-02-17 08:52:11
Yeah, I only recently used Mega for the first time since it was created and wasn't entirely impressed with it: the files had claimed to be dl too many times as though it had a qouta. Granted that was one 1 of 5 files, and there were work arounds if you knew where to look for the rest and had the time to do so, but pretty bad in terms of availablity. (It's free, but the anon claimed to be a (previously) paying cutomser of the defunct MU.)
Open source that shit, KD; and put a qr code in each dl to at least recover some funds to get that Pink Caddy back--I'd like to see him and the Winkle twins run Gumball in a BTC livieried Sister-cars. 
@_date: 2015-02-04 04:25:01
Cool, but do you guys at MIT Bitcoin club have any future hackathons lined up? Will it be open to non-MIT students?
Any updates on the pitch winners, did they ever get into development or release of thier pitches?
@_date: 2015-02-10 00:00:14
::*Looks at pictures, looks at price, and then picture, again*::
Yup, still winning. 


Can I recommend the creation of easy-cheap POS systems in Hawaii for filipino systems like this and [Rebit]( And using the 7-11 system in [mainland US for remittances to Mexico (Huge market!)]( I thought about trying my hand at the former and even did the Market research in Maui for it, as Philipino migrant workers do just about most of the work, but the truth is with my work schedule and limited access to talent in Hawaii I couldn't do it. 
Still I can consult if you want. 
@_date: 2015-02-03 06:36:37
Could this have something to do with getting them called out by thier regulation chums for not being a 'sactioned exchange' in NY and CA? CYA policy in effect? 
Coinffeine/Bitsquare please come online already, we need to neutralize this central point of failure if we are to make any progress moving forward. 
@_date: 2015-02-22 06:17:03


Only if you negate the first part of that quote, all I'm stating is bitcoin has convertability to gold, so it has its benefits.
@_date: 2015-02-08 23:54:19
First, I didn't ask how Bitcoin and by extension its security was anti-fragile, I asked how do you prevent an entity--with much greater resources and a current monopoly on violence--from taking funds from a Bitcoin holder if presented with a great enough threat/harm? 
BItcoin is not anonymous, as we have seen with the last goxxing: we have active Blockchain detectives and hackers that can trace funds quite well, and reserachers in universities have done studies on detecting id's from transactions. It is at best pseudo-anonymous, and even then I have trouble identfiying it like that as I know first hand the hoops you have to go to even maintain that position. (I'm affraid to say that there are too many coins that passed through exchanges/atms to even call it that these days.)
Second, I'm not sure how to respond to that, can you go into a bit more detail of what you mean by coercion via skill and luck?
@_date: 2015-02-08 23:21:56
Rad. I still cannot find anything that won't require I buy from UK or OZ. Awesome work on that [thread]( I will defintely look into this when I find one. 
Do you have any intention of marketing these as a Trezor/Bwallet alternative? I mean you gave the tools to everyone, but perhaps the possibility of a limited run for a few units can be floated? I can handle N. America if you want, so as to reduce overhead, you can take care of OZ, and I have a few friends in Switzerland (one is even a core dev) that can handle Europe.
The extra cash flow can help incentivize pull requests, and updates for developers to include new features. Anyhow, its just a thought; let me know if you are interested and I can start moblizing.
Thanks for the legwork, mate! 
When I buy later this month I will toss you some bits, so send me an address and I'll buy you a Belguin beer (I recommend Hoegaarden), 
@_date: 2015-02-17 03:10:53
I can offer some insight, please read the aforementioned. [I'm open to discussion and consultations on the matter.](
The biggest hurdle I see is not having large capital reserves; everything else has a workable solution, although far from ideal. 
@_date: 2015-02-18 08:03:19
In what sense? I mean the fact that there are so many cryptocurrency related publications now offered on Amazon... that can only be bought for fiat? I mean its cool, sure, but **advancement**, no... I don't think so.
Advancement: would be self-publication on a de-centralized crowd sourcing or direct sales from an author's blog/website using crypto with a global distribution and not worrying about unncessary fees. (Extra nerd points for blockchain proof of existance applcations.)
[Does anyone realize that BItcoin (and some alts) has been available to sale/buy on Ebay (UK) Classifieds for almost a year?]( At the time I thought that would be bigger and trigger so much more adoption (especially since the seller is taking all the risk) but the truth that I have come to realize is that the mainstream is not likely to *get it* just because its now available on their favourite e-commerce website. 
Which is why I think slaving over Amazon and Ebay etc... is a waste of resources as it can already be done using services with nominal fees, which have prices that are far more palatable than to endure continual dissapointment doing the aforementioned. 
@_date: 2015-02-13 14:16:14


[Recording of the show](
Hmm, they are becoming quite interested in Bitcoin these days, I posted this last month:
The comments are always gold.
Funny enough, I was watching the latest SpaceX launch (recording) again. 
@_date: 2015-02-11 04:50:19
Haha, I'M picking up where I left on the Wire S1 (like 7-8 years ago) and the first qoute was from Avon.
Cool, I will pick this up in between eps of the Wire this week; I remember seeing an episode of the Wire for the first time in HS and that movie the Minority Report and thought where the hell the World is going and began to look into Cryptoanarchy as a philosphy and lifestyle.
[Here is the video]( to complement the powerpoint/pdf file.
@_date: 2015-02-04 02:08:21
I'm not a gamer anymore, but when I did I was under the age of being allowed to buy games on the internet or from the back of magazines because I didn't have a CC or personal paypal account. 
I had the fiat, just not the means to do so, and my parents were reluctant to send their CC info to buy so Japanese Pal version (Biohazard: Code Veronica) from a shady ad.
I agree parents are more comfertable letting their kids use their CCs now (but think about all those Sony Hacks) and the world of Online commerce has changed drasticlly, but speaking from experience, I always found it a pain in the ass to convince somoene to buy something for me when I had the cash for it in my hand. 
In my head: I'm sure some 12 year old kid with a paper route or washing dishes and cleaning tables at his family's resteraunt is reading this and agrees with me. How big that demographic is, especially in these stark financial times, is hard to gauge, but I'm sure they are still out there. 
@_date: 2019-05-03 09:30:28
I've seen several ATHs, been in this since 2011, and I didn't budge at 20k as I was way too busy with real Life and work schedule was arduous. I got some on the way down, but in retrospect I should have bought back in at 3k and tripled my holdings and took off to Bali for a nice 3 month holiday to reset. 
Its not about fiat for me anymore, I'm pretty much playing with house money since 2014, and its all about increasing my holdings.
I'm here to disrupt (and ideally help do away with) the notion of the Nation-State, first and foremost.
@_date: 2015-02-05 07:03:54
And exactly ZERO fucks were given. I equate this to just as insiginificant as some random Buttcoiner's sophmoric diatribe about why Bitcoin sucks because its only 2XX times more valuable than the World's ONLY Reserve Currency. 
Lawsky: Honeybadger... get to know, son! (NY just failed hard in the crypto community, and will continue to migrate elsewhere; for those looking for greener pastures, may I suggest California, Slovenia or Zug?)


They'll make it up as they go, just as they always have when they want to make an example of someone; justice is an illusion--recently Ulbricht vs Jp Morgan outcome illustrated just how apt. 
I find the best form of risk management is to be as far away as possible from the State, then at least you may have a chance of not getting sent to a rape cage for providing a good/service in a currency-medium-of-exchange you see fit. 
I can only hope Mycleium and Local Bitcoin volume in NY is going to blow up to show just how impotent this all really is: don't let us down NY, show them what a Decentralized P2P currency means.
@_date: 2015-02-04 00:11:03
Or you could just relegate these as the rantings of an imbecile and ignore them altogether, like most sane people would and should.
I don't think the community needs a regulator that no one asked for to impose thier will upon us and tell us *how to Bitcoin.* Hell, look at Coinbase or Sherm, they both tried to play their perverse game and still got smacked down. (With various degrees of severity, but similar outcomes.)
Why do you care what these sociopaths and kleptocrats have to say that you warrant to speak on behlaf of the Community? I couldn't give less of a fuck what this corrupt idiot and his ilk are likely to say on the matter. None.


Then forget converting to fiat and just ignore them, get your suppliers/merchants to accept BTC use Brawker for all other purposes. There are solutions, albeit less than ideal, if you take the time to think things through for a second.
@_date: 2015-02-03 08:30:40
You derived all of that from my question? And subsequent response... odd. 
I simply wanted to know who was on this invite only list BF mentioned given that he said he was transparent about the matter; only to find out it had already been released below. 
I hope that in addition to this endless *Beer fountain* you speak of consideration of  funds from those early adopters and CEOs flows into denctralized exchanges and more privacy-security related endeavours. 
We small fish are doing our part in supporting these projects, but can only do so much; we're in a position now where we really need those guy's capital to make true progress in the ecosystem more than ever. 
To all on that list: Forget the price and threats from impotent regulators, lets continue to innovate without permission!
@_date: 2019-05-06 17:00:22


Is that so, where is that taking place? [You should include the importance of System D, and the need for a native currency for what is essentially the 2nd largest economy in the World, most of whom are undocumented.](
This is really the reason why I think EU and now AU are imposing these cashless societies so rapidly, they know they do not have a World reserve currency status and have to compete with what was as of 2011, an ever growing shadow economy siphoning their tax revenue.
Also worth noting, that even is the Yellow vest movement has gone on for 25 weeks, May Day was violent as expected, too.
Post the slides after the presentation if you can.
@_date: 2015-02-09 22:25:12
Can't share; my week beats your year. 
@_date: 2015-02-02 07:23:03
I think [these guys] ( would lik a word with you.
@_date: 2015-02-25 05:11:06


Go for 2.5k then, if you are looking at this as investment you must understand that timing the Market is impossible. Give yourself some breathing room as emergencies always come up.


Investment? Unlikely, sure you'll see little rallies here and there but I wouldn't expect exponential growth in value as we saw in BTC over the years. I like Darkcoin, in fact that is the only alt coin that I take any interest in, but it is a tool for privacy and you should view it as such.
Check these guys out if you want to pull the trigger:
@_date: 2019-05-24 09:31:33
See, this is what I mean; how can a country where this happens among the elderly be the same populace who just give all their info/privacy to the State via wechat pay-alibaba et al?
Be that as it may, I still think this is indicative of people there seeing BTC as a viable means to have some hedge against the failing Yuan and its ever expanding panopticon.
@_date: 2018-12-07 15:45:49
Sure it can, what we ultimately do with them defines us more then how/when we bought them. Remember Pineapple Fund? 
@_date: 2015-02-04 04:09:06
Very cool, I dig the nfo layout of it, too. Upvoted!
@_date: 2015-02-13 03:58:09
They are way understaffed which results in delays. The guys there are comptent enough to go through the process, though. They use coinbase for their merchant services. 
I'd prefer they used Bitpay, personally, but as some else mentioned airfare with BTC was/is a big deal, so showing them support in a new endeavour was worth the hassle. They say they only saw a slight blip in sales when BTC was adopted, and they are lucky to get even a mention on a daily basis, but they persisit. 


Same. 
@_date: 2015-02-27 10:37:52
I contributed/paid so that Sean's Outpost decreased Human misery, he in turn fed homeless people in Pensacola; furthermore, through the collective efforts of everyone who felt the same he created and founded Satoshi Forest which has continued to do so as the pictures demonstrate. 
So, I disagree and it proves that despite his accounitng/paperwork/charity status not being up to your own self-imposed specifications, he has in fact delivered on his mission statement, which is alll that matters to me and those who contribute(d). 
I have worked for a non-profit that helps people with mental disabilties in one of the poorest states in the US (Hawaii), and even with us having our paperwork in 'order' and having a 501c we still suffer accounting losses due to mishaps with petty cash, and my time anytime when we made purchases; furthermore, we lose about 100 times that with burecratic BS for our projects because of our status, so much so it actually jeporadized the solvency of our organization.
@_date: 2015-02-18 04:36:16
I did order from them already, but this is despite knowing they are prone to backorders and other issues. Two people I spoke with got backordered, delayed or their orders messed up passing through customs (Canada) which made it more expensive then to buy from UK or HK.
Sweet, I will be installing mine in a Ferrai California model car I already have on my desk, but if I want something more portable I will defintely keep you in mind. 
@_date: 2015-11-26 00:41:27
Yeah, this is another good speech, [with albeit lofty goals.](
*Sidenote: I'm not for all this Vitalik worship. 
@_date: 2019-05-13 06:24:43


Which is currently clearing the mempool atm. Segwit y0!
@_date: 2015-03-07 20:14:29
Sweet. I was trying to pick up the pieces from this project as it never really took of back then, unfortunately:
I have been playing with Ubuntu-Linaro as of late, but I actually got one of these to see how we can advance Bitcoin node and security.
I think this may be a good candiadte as a Starter-kit/Turn key solution for many new users. I think that this is now avialable it may prove useful if scaled to its full potential.
Edit: Oh, and I wanted to say that Dark Wallet runs in Chromium with Linaro; we need more people on the chat/peers to play with all the features. 
@_date: 2015-02-04 01:47:43
At first I always thought such a statement to be absurd, but the more these hacks/collusions/thefts occur the more I'm convinced this is actually true.
If we can't get decentralized exchanges online right now, then in the interim we should the security issues for the layman/noobs. [I really want to get my hands on one of those new pis now more than ever and see where this goes.](
Edit: Credit where credit is due; Coinbase did the standup thing here, which from a business side of things is the wisest thing to do in terms of damage limitation and protecting their brand and future-potential Brand recognition and investment/investors.
@_date: 2019-05-29 07:33:31


If you consider that advertising that you accept BTC will initially be a Marketing cost, than sure; all restaurants lose money on a daily basis, whether it be unsatisfied customers, dine-dash, to waiters/cooks fucking up an order and comping the meal, CC chargebacks,, to just treating your daily customers to a bottle of wine or an off the menu entree or desert etc... 
The goal is to contain these loses as best you can while maximizing profits; if you think this will in turn generate further interest and increase your market share, than yes, totally worth it. 
Personally, having worked in both fintech and in culinary I'd rather wait for Square to get something rolled out if my aim was to serve the non-tech savvy customer, if I'm targeting the more savvy clientele than I'd set up a casa node and LN wallet and roll the dice and see where the chips fall after 6-12 months.  
Doublespends, while possible, are less than a threat than most make it out to be; my bigger concern is not having the properly trained staff and making the BTC tx a bigger pita than it needs to be and making others indifferent or reluctant to do so because of said difficulty. But if the goal is to fund a LN channel, and that is kind of an interesting way of doing it, why not just buy the BTC outright?
@_date: 2019-05-29 07:07:29
Get better friends.
@_date: 2015-03-02 22:49:56


Maybe now they can do something about this [level of intrusion with their service.](
It is 2015, and after countless goxxings and the subsequent hacks its clear that uploading any info like this is almost setting yourself up to get doxxed by your own hand. It is simply unaceptable.
The price has gone up 35 dollars since I wanted to buy this month. 
PS: A part of me wants to get used to the fact that take overs in crypto space are being covered by MSM 'business sites,' but some how it just still seems so *surreal*. Magic internet 'nerd' money, huh...
@_date: 2015-02-26 06:30:16
[Ha, I know the feeling; I'm playing with my pi2 trying to get Tails to boot with no luck.](
@_date: 2015-02-17 03:07:04
I brought this issue up to Vitalik last year, hoping that smart contracts would be able to mitigate the dire situation in Colorado (even back then it was clear operation chokepoint would target Colorado growers/businesses.) I never heard back, and now that we see most 2.0 projects remianing stagnant (and litterly no where despite sitting on tons of funds) I'm kind of glad they didn't address as it could of tarnished how and why Crypto circumvents about 90% of the problems--Local/State/Federal taxes are the only issue(s) that cannot be addressed, at this time. Albeit in a tiresome and convulted manner.
Can someone get me in a room with Draper? Or anyone else with VC funds in California that want to get a payment systems solution sorted out for Colorado's massive, and ever growing, cannabis economy? (THC cannabis products are the low hanging fruit, Colorado cannot compete with NorCal or BC in scale or in quality; so farmers are looking to target more Value Added Product Markets: think Pharma scale of revenue.)
I'm back in California and what I had suggested to Vitalik was a skeleton framework of a working solution that I couldn't implement, due to lack of resoruces and time, despite being acutely aware of the situation in Colorado--I'm a Biodynamic farmer who uses cannabis in my cultivation of my cultures and my land is in Colorado.
Crypto plays a big part of why I got involved in this industry, and is a culmination of all my greatest strengths.
@_date: 2019-05-28 19:25:51


Novelty aside, there is really no actual benefit to one, imagine what mozzarella di buffalo being held in one of those things might taste like? Bleh... export only, likely to Germans makes business sense or maybe Japan as they have an obsession with vending machines in general.But keep Italy a place 'di bon gusto, grazi.'
@_date: 2019-05-28 19:18:57
What's odd is how despite that looming over most multi-nationals in China, they still flock there; as if the PRC openly stealing IP and ignoring copyright stuff (not really a concern for me personally) wasn't bad enough, but entering a Market solely for greater market share blinds them to the obvious peril of being nationalized by the PRC.
This constant seeking for growth at all costs is what leads to such myopic environmental and Geo-political issues and a constant reminder why, while being an anarcho-capitalist, I still think Capitalism itself is inherently flawed, especially so as long as the State exists.
Tesla is a funny example, they open-sourced all their patents \[1\], and want to captivate the fastest EV market without being hindered by the geopolitics/costs and the logistical nightmare of being solely CA based for production, which makes practical sense; but Xi Jinping showing up one day saying 'this is mine now, round eye' is a real possibility. He told Taiwan to fuck off earlier this year and will consider violence as a necessary means to ensure the one China Policy at all costs.
\[1\]: [
@_date: 2015-02-09 10:18:40
Seamless Stealth address transactions inside of a multi-crypto currency wallet/app to receieve and transfer funds: ideally with BTC and Darkcoin compatability. 
That way a more robust 'mixing' solution is also covered if one is so inclined. (I think I may be describing Darkwallet with Darkcoin intergration, still, competetion is good and I'd like to see it happen if possible.) And it could get over the 10 minute delay if quick tx times are needed as Darkcoin is near instant since they use the masternode.
Oh, and another decentralized exchange, there can never be enough people working on one of those in the ecosystem; because the worst thing that can happen is that they pool their resources together and expedite the process.
@_date: 2019-05-21 20:51:54
Soviet Union 2.0 is how I see it; they were constrained by many things back then in resources and technology, but China has far surpassed them and can now deploy some pretty barbaric stuff: they are using some scary tactics to the Uighurs that I think will set the tone for any 'dissidents' in the near future.
I hope for Humanity's sake SpaceX's constellation system helps bypass this and we can move on from the archaic notion of a Nation-state once and for all. I watched a documentry on just how far they were antagonizing local citizen journalists, you should check it out, its aptly called High tech, Low Life: 
@_date: 2015-02-09 09:35:43
James D'angelo gives you the best method, though sloppy wallets are something I never bothered with personally. I have yet to see a better explanation of how to do this in all these years.
[First]( 
Getting them out of cold storage on Blockchain.info wallets are something I may alter for my own purposes, but since it was repeated R values that were the issue, I think it should be fine so long as you have unused, 1 time use wallets for Cold storage. 
Note: But do not keep your funds online that you are not perpared to lose/spend in a hotwallet.
@_date: 2015-02-22 03:57:08
OG Cypherpunk Adam Back Seal of Approval:




@_date: 2019-05-29 07:06:38
Interesting discussion, I hope they pick up where Latvia left off and moving forward with this tech.
@_date: 2018-12-08 12:14:05
Am I reading that right? Beetroot muesli? As in the German cereal with oats, nuts and fruit? Interesting, I mean if cooked correctly beets are really sweet, I just never thought of the two ever to be in the same dish. 
Pic saved and upvoted!
OP: Did you buy a bag?
@_date: 2019-05-21 21:06:08


I think it came out when he sought political office, his campaign was smarmy as hell; this is when I fully realized--I was already skeptical after 2007--most 'libertarians' are closet Staists, they just want to be in a position to use State power to protect their interests.
@_date: 2019-05-12 08:21:18


Funny? Hardly, that has dire consequences, but this has already proven to be the case in the Wild, as it were, during the Umbrella Revolition in 2014 in HK:
Meshnet and decentralized networks have always been a core component of what Cypherpunk/Cryptoanarchy was built upon. We've sort of lost touch with that as years have gone by, but its a critical component: we need to build a new Internet, period!
@_date: 2018-12-07 15:42:10
WTF is this?
Since when does a car manufacture require a crypto currency to build an automated manufacturing assembly line? The short answer is: never. In fact, most manufactures have been entirely reluctant on even utilizing IBM's enterprise platform (hyperledger) for their uses. A forward thinking company like Tesla uses its own in-house system (WARP) and so much is built around that system that it would be entirely impossible to even consider it. I can't seen how an antiquated corp like Toyota/Nissan/BMW type company would even consider it, either. 
Who is buying these coins, let alone that narrative? I really thought the ICO mania drew enough of the stupid money out of this Market last year, but... I guess the Alt mania didn't die after all. 
Anyone surprised fucking Ripple is 2nd on that list? 
@_date: 2019-05-03 09:39:49


Money, in conjunction the State's monopoly on violence, is mainly why so many are complacent with the subjugation they impose upon its subjects/serfs. 
I think many of us saw the anti-war protests in Afghanistan which were moot despite being the biggest turnout social mobility at the time, only to see the clusterfuck it led to. And then again with the misguided Occupy wall street movement when the inevitable happened in 2008, and we can see the direct correlation to them is the State's mismanagement with the currency and funds (via debt).
It is my contention that if you take that away and you are likely to see People question the absurdity of State itself very quickly.
@_date: 2018-12-17 06:49:31
Damn... well he lived well, here is a talk he did for the [**Paraleln Polis**]( in 2016, it was cool how he detailed the early days of the Valley and how it used to be back then with Cypherpunks were running around in the late 80s and 90s. 
His focus on newsgroups/usenet struck close to home as that is how I came to learn about Cypherpunk's mailing list and cryptoanarchy almost 2 decades later. 
@_date: 2015-11-19 22:48:15


Serious question: How do they measure their progress? Seeing the list of Nodes or Mining decrease in the respective G7 nations? Because China has shown it gives no fucks throughout all the 'bans' they still have the most active mining and exchanges in this ecosystem. I highly doubt we'll see that change after some obscure plutocrat meeting soundbite has surfaced.
Or is this just another endless money pit crusade to extract wealth from a crippling society(s)?
@_date: 2019-05-28 19:03:34


Or even his practices, which were abhorrent; the man was a murderer who advocated for wide-scale death and only the ignorant and delusional consider his acts to have any merit. What most don't know was that in addition to being an aristocrat from Argentina, he was also finance minister and head of the National bank (very important anti-bourgeoisie stuff, you see) that plunged Cuba into the financial ruin its still suffering to this day.
[Marxism and communist ideological failures aside, the guy was a fucking psychopath, who advocated hatred and called for nuclear warfare](
@_date: 2019-05-28 19:37:50
How are things with that new PM over there? I heard he recently dissolved the parliament, corrupt Ukrainian politicians were pretty ope about their BTC holdings, but it served a purpose for the People too during the Maidan and afterward. 
He was talking about getting Crimea back, too, right?
@_date: 2019-05-14 00:56:33


I'll add fast settlement times, or instant in LN case, and no client-side hacks, this is probably a bigger concern than most care to deal with as they have never dealt with (big) retailer scale data; its immense what they are held liable for.
And this changes even more if you go the EU, or are a country entering the EU zone as I saw that HR in '13, its insane how much resources are necessary to maintain those records. (I have a cool pic of an effigy of the tax-man 'fisco' being strung up KKK style from a tree in the town square when I first moved there and worked and saw the transition.)
Many of which are just kept in paper and require a Human to analyze.  Germany was the worse that I saw.
With that being said, I played with NFC payments with crypto earlier than most (late 2016) and I can say its totally blase, its nothing remarkable as that is not what this tech is meant for.
 But, I'm willing to give it another go provided the terms and conditions for the app lets me use and transfer my funds as I wish, and this whole Winklevoss bucks thing is fucking absurd. I'm not going to say these guys don't deserve their success, but I'm staunchly against things like tether or anything like it. 
I used most of these same exact merchants back then, too, namely: Starbucks, Natural grocers, Rite Aid, and McDonalds. 
Personally, I'd like to see those Casa Nodes or HTC phones with LN enabled as the new standard for people playing with this tech; using a 3rd party is pointless, and having been one myself: its time for that to change. 
Where is Safeway in all of this? That was the real game changer for LN adoption?
@_date: 2018-12-20 14:18:10
This seems to have been shot recently, given segwit bech32 capability, and price. 
The Mycelum team gets far too much criticism around here, despite operating with a bare bones dev team, so I think its worth congratulating them when they do well. Its still my favorite wallet and one I still recommend to others for hot wallet use. 
@_date: 2018-12-05 14:17:46
I'm a big fan of Szabo, but, no... You need someone like Andreas to give insightful analogies and relatable terms and perspectives to engage the Rogan demographic. An immensely analytical mind such as Szabo would be like Ronda Patrick (who, as a fellow Bio-nerd, I think does an amazing job of doing what Andreas to relate to the audience about Biochemistry and Health Science) but on steroids. Look at all his talks on Smart Contracts.
[Though I'd personally love this OG cypherpunk to talk about crypto and its importance from this narrative]( on a massive platform. Watch all [10 parts here.](
It would be interesting, but not really effective at doing much more than confusing people or turning them off even more about fake-internet-nerd money; they'll get there eventually if they get in the first place and learn at their own place. Personal anecdote:  I was on BTF when Hal was around and still posting. I saw and read some of his posts, but it was way over my head back in late '11-13, it wasn't until late '13 or so that I finally got a grasp of what he was doing or talking about in most of his posts.
Honestly, I'd like to see Andreas and (and a now more media-polished) Elizabeth Stark try to take on LN and the current 'state of the art' and get the next slot for 3 hours with Rogan. If she gets too advanced, Andreas would be there to reiterate what was said in a more simplified manner if it seemingly goes over their head(s), which to me is what he excels at most.


I'm only 50 mins, I have to rest now, but that doesn't seem like the case so far to me; he may be pointing out ETH's smart contract and steam framework for comparison sake, but he seems to be advocating for a decentralized approach to  solving problems that are currently being addressed at the Nation-State level. Its been philosophically interesting so far, with what he has admitted to being a anarcho-socialist bend and some transhumanist ideals mixed in there, but I haven't seen any of that obvious Vitalik worship that blindly negates the fact that ETH is in fact a centralized system with buggy, complex language with massive exploits and forks in its recent past. Shrug, I'll resume later, it reminds me of the talks we'd have pre-2013. 
@_date: 2015-02-02 07:17:06
If this were 2011 I would given this guy my old 1991 accord I used during university that I couldn't even give away due to small quirks.


I'd say change the paradigm, crowdsource a newer used car so that he can spend the extra time he is using to commute to do a lyft/uber/sidecar competitor proof of concept using crypto and a service like Bitpay in the middle of Detroit. And then have a multisig address where 1/4 of the funds go to help replicate this for another person is similair distress and create the foundtion for future expansion. (Lots of trust-fund-baby hipsters moved into Detroit in the past years,so their is a viable business model if executed correctly.)
This would change lives and give us more focus of what crytpo was really supposed to do: reduce Human Misery caused by maniplualted currency and wealth confiscation for those of us outside the 'graces' and under subjugation of the State by means of a distributed, open source, global competing currency. 
I'd toss some bits in for that.




As a self-admitted work-a-holic with a 60+ hour work week: this guy is gambling with his health for his ability to barely make ends meet. If he continues, diabities or heart disease (endemic cause of death in blacks) will be his next worry, and no amount of crowdsource funds or accolades from the owners of Schain Mold &amp; Engineering is worth that. 
Respect for doing it thus far, and we need more people with his resolve, but life expetancy for someone in his situation is not very long.
Edit: Who is in Michigan? 


I need to get in touch with this guy. I own a small dealer in Highland Park. We probably cross paths everyday and never knew it. I have a few cheap cars I may be able to offer him, even on a payment plan. Great Lakes Auto Sales 313-432-2333 Ask for Jeff
@_date: 2015-02-05 20:25:48
Well, its not Draper's stash doing the Bear Whale thing, so I guess I need to stop calling him and his son that now. 
The haven't moved since Oct:
As for now, just keep buying the dip, $5-10 bucks here and there goes further now than $100 back at ATH! Use 10-20% of that and send to projetcs you feel will make the price irrelevent. 
@_date: 2019-05-29 07:41:35


Couple that with the fact that there are more places on Earth with greater access to 3G/4G than to water and we start to see some sobering albeit promising prospects; and this is before SpaceX's Starlink project.
@_date: 2019-05-14 01:39:06
I really like Anti-fragile, but when this guy is on interviews he always reminds me of Gad Saad, as they both have the same erratic speaking style that makes arguments and points in such in an odd manner that it makes me question why I should even bother.
I think its just the medium, because I listened to the audiobook a year or two ago and it still had the same effect it did when I first read it in text.
@_date: 2019-05-21 20:33:42


And can apply social stigmatization if you resist or don't comply by affecting the seaseme/social credit score of your relatives and friends. They can even deny you credit or travel from what has been revealed.
This is some truly horrible cyberpunk dystopian shit, but people think that just because it uses a mobile phone it must be progress: it isn't!
@_date: 2018-12-31 08:29:58
Shrug... provide a good or service people actually need or want and request a discount for said good/service if they pay  in BTC. 10-15% tends to perk ears. 
Otherwise, save your pennies and buy this dip and dollar average your way. 
@_date: 2019-05-22 07:24:20


Laszlo (pizza guy) is just fine about it, and regularly posts on the anniversary of that day with his family; they're fine, you think that was all his BTC? 
People forget how quick this community was to give people BTC just for the hell of it (myself included) only to see those bits/coins never move... that part stings, but other than that it was a critical part of what made the community so cool back then. Faucets were another source of 'lost treasures' if you think about it, but no one sees it that way.
@_date: 2018-12-11 12:18:10
Good job, Olaoluwa and the rest of the Team; this is really what should be the focus of attention and not the endless bitching about price(s). Thanks for the progress update!
@_date: 2019-05-14 01:18:17


Overstock never sold anything, and are now in a position to consider selling the retail business. That's a pivot!
@_date: 2018-12-08 02:32:20
Ayn rand was a person who wrote some books with a great deal of  misguided logic about the State and failed to use her 'brilliant' theories to become as rich her characters would be if they followed her ideas and ultimately lived in poverty and depended on the State until her death. Why she is seen as a bastion of Free Markets by most Libertarians who I think are simply lazy thinkers is beyond me, but I'm glad to be in disagreement with her as I find her prose as her legacy to have no actual merit.
@_date: 2018-12-31 08:38:26
Most require an ID of some sort. 
And while I'm not certain on where he lives, BTC meetups can and should be the default way in, but Mycelium trader was always a good way in for small amounts, Local bitcoins being the options of last resort for face to face stuff. 
Also, while I'm a huge Bisq (I'm still used to calling it Bitsquare from its early days) it requires you place some btc into escrow to complete a deal/exchange, so while awesome, its not good for first timers trying to onboard directly from the fiat World. 
@_date: 2015-02-09 00:38:05
Next guy = Rajoy = Zapatero = Aznar
I'm affraid to say my family lived under dictatorship under Franco, and what I took from all of that is that there is no political solution to any of this. Never has, and never will. 
(In my experience Anarchism is not a something you seek, its something you become after being aware of the deceit foisted upon you and you're resolve against inaction/apathy.)
I fear parts of Spain may fall back into that perverted and violent form of anarcho-communism like during the Spainish civil war, which caused so many needless deaths and ultimately installed a tyrantical-despotic-thoecracy, which could provoke further violence into the rest of Iberia and France in the process. 
Pais Vasco and Catalunya already have enough grounds to leave, and they should, but in the transition and interim there is bad blood that can be tapped into; made worse by undermining cultures and languages for centuries, despite whatever the State thinks an 'autonmous community' is. 
With that said: 
OXI TROIKA, VAI HELLAS
(I was with you guys in spirit back in 2009 in Syntagma.)
@_date: 2018-12-31 07:40:45
Some type of carcinogen, apparently.
@_date: 2018-12-11 12:12:37
Actually, if you want to be pedantic: capital B Bitcoin is the protocol, lower-case bitcoin is the token that operates over said protocol. 
@_date: 2018-12-13 14:38:14


I called him out on that thread that was posted here; and while I'm not a fan of Karpelles for all the problems all the goxxings created to this ecosystem, even though I never lost any funds as I never used MT gox, he has gone above and beyond what Brewster has done with Neo-Bee.
I honestly feel bad for him, his life has been ruined both privately as well as pubically and its become clear he has some type of Aspergers or some form of autism; so all the stress from prison and him being pointed as a possible DPR, then getting extorted by the DHS/IRS and the ultimate goxxing etc... its really just sad now on a Human level.
I really want to vilify him for his incompetence, but... I'm just not able to muster it any more. I hope the reconciliation goes well and we can finally move on. Let the guy just restart his Life.
What i don't get is his 'cold wallet strategy' in which even having a watch-only cold storage, to monitor the Gox's funds, was some how 'seen as being compromised.' 
@_date: 2019-05-05 07:18:17


Things were so different back then, faucets were a thing, people were handing them out to anons and randoms just to play with (I made this mistake more than I'd like to mention).  Hell, if you go into the archives here it was kind of like that to, an noobs often got some bits sent just because they showed an interest.
@_date: 2015-02-09 22:43:20
Well, I wish I'm wrong; but if after 7 years of forced austerity and a throwback to serfdom in Europe (the World, really) you don't think people have 'awoken'  to the dystopian World around them I don't think they ever will, I'm affraid. These people have clearly lost their sense of self-preserverence and survival instincts that make Humans: Human. 
But as I said, with albeit a small amount of context, *political solutions* are not a viable means to our desired end, because even when they do arrive to a somewhat favourable end (not desired) it often comes at too great a cost: War, treachery, deciet and continued Human misery. 
Only to ultimately  find out that what you initially fought against was what you have become and exalted thorugh the tyranny of a 'politcal system.' It is for this reason that the phrase 'History is writen by the Winners' is so damn stark. (This qoute was written in my 7th grade History classroom, right above my head in fact; I often got lost in thought as to its implications, and soon after started to get interested in Machiavelli and Sun Tzu in a very shallow manner.) 
What is politics if not a forced *general consenus* of being ruled under self-imposed deciet? 
Bitcoin, for me, is a Means; not an End. 
@_date: 2018-12-11 11:59:20
Go on, tell us. 
Edit: Never mind, I'm not going to give you a platform to give shallow platitudes and how your new venture will make up for everything (including going dark for YEARS!). Its clear we've seen enough of you around here:


@_date: 2013-12-12 20:58:59
UPS has a pick up service for a few dollars more, I think you can include it in the price after you select and print out the shipping label at check out. 
At least you could years ago, but for 5 miles I'd only consider it if I had a super busy schedule that day, otherwise what is that 3 minutes by car?
@_date: 2018-12-30 20:58:18
Not sure if they saw the source code and swiped, but it reminded me how after 10 years and being attacked in every way possible, we're still here and better off tech and ecosystem wise then last year during the ATH.
@_date: 2018-12-11 11:50:32


For those of you wondering,[this is the exact cunt who ran off with Neo-Bee's funds when Cyprus was collapsing]( this guy sent us back several years in the public image. We seriously had a real usecase while the entire World was watching back in 2013, and this imbecile decided to run off and buy a Bentley and let the entire thing collapse.
Fuck this guy and his irredeemable company. How is that these media outlets don't do the slightest amount of research into who these guys are and what they've done?
@_date: 2019-05-21 20:42:01


So, I watched that talk on seaseme credit at this year's CCC, but wanted to ask a local (ideally foreigner) their perspective of it all. I mean, its one of those things that looks appealing on the surface on a technology level, but then takes a sudden turn for it being totally dark when you see the mechanics and what brutal regimes do with so much info.
People there don't seem to care that they have essentially created the World's largest open air panopticon in China, and I can sort of understand given the drastic change in living standards, but there has to be some sort of reluctance to this on some level; the Chinese have a culture of being degenerate gamblers and hoarders of fiat who have gone to extreme lengths to offshore their funds (mainly political class examples come to mind) and defect once they're caught, are we really to believe the local serf is willing to just hand all this power and information to the State?
@_date: 2019-05-21 20:34:52


They just banned it: [
@_date: 2015-02-27 12:10:33


Typically because they have 'people for that' and never bother to learn OPSEC for themselves, and when they do you get results like this.


Yeah, we lowly plebs must be the vanguard for what little wealth we preserve so we tend to be the most vigilent about it. That is the power of Math: the great equalizer. Successful OPSEC relys entirely on *obsessive paranoia*.
@_date: 2018-12-31 07:48:20
Check his handle on HN, and reach out... also its kind of in bad taste to count other people's money; we all know you can do that, so its nothing special, but there is no need to announce it to the World he has X amount of btc. 
I'd say he is some early(ish) adopter trying different ways to spread awareness in a fun and interesting way, most of us that have been around for a while have done that in some form another. 
Interesting how fast you saw people looking for vulnerabilities to swipe the keys, though; which is why I think it was a great metaphor for Bitcoin as a whole. 
@_date: 2015-02-02 08:20:40
Haha, Simpsons was like the peak of situational irony back then; I seriously have wanted to use that scene like 100 times since I joined here whenever a new pump-dump scam or new PROVEN mining scheme came up. 
I can just see the reactions is my head: How can I lose?! Monorail!
@_date: 2013-11-24 21:41:55
You must have missed this part: Silver is not an investment tool, its an instrument for wealth preservation. Most noticeably accrued by so-called 'premiums' when dealing with liquidations or trades of physical silver.
Granted, it is a commodity sought out by Global manufacturing industries, but if you see its valuation in respect to its spot/paper price you will know its way too volatile to be considered a worthwhile investment tool. And even with that demand of these industries' usage, chances of you negotiating prices with Samsung for your holdings is null and void, so the only true Market forces that make your holdings increase in nominal terms (as an investment does) is an increase/push in paper price if/when you sell--assuming of course we are dealing in a scenario without JP Morgan et al manipulation. 
What I am saying is that by purchasing silver you withdrew yourself from a known depreciating asset: fiat currency. And took silver in exchange of this asset for a set price. In doing so you have taken a step that helps in at least recovering your initial purchase price when selling this physical silver; its valuation can be determined by the buyer by a series of criteria that exceeds its denoted paper price in addition to other relevant premiums; numismatics are perhaps the best example of this, they possess certain attributes that are not reflected on silver's paper/spot price. One referencing the paper price alone would make the false assumption that: 1 ounce of silver is 1 ounce of silver. 
When in fact the truth is that the Market labors under the belief that 'not all silver is equal.' The market forces are such that something even as seemingly 'insignificant' as the shape of your silver can drastically alter the price: rounds vs bars. And an ETF (what the spot price is actually reflecting) is not the same as a Silver Eagle. 
@_date: 2013-12-15 11:54:06
You should keep your eyes glued on something other than the price or the 4chan-like antics that have run-a-muck in the past couple of weeks here.
Female subs filled with women that know-accept bitcoin:
And perhaps my favorite of all female bitcoiners: Fawkesy. Search the subs for the name and the drama that unfolded if you're so inclined.
There are also other entrepreneurs here that have made themselves known and sale bags, or cupcakes, lingerie... they're there, albeit not as prominently. Bitcoin isn't a gender thing: adoption and usage is welcomed by all.
What was that meme by that IBM guy: Because on the blockchain no one knows you're a refrigerator. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 20:02:44
It seems to me like the perfect reason to make a donation to Sean's Outpost; the Universe has looked kindly upon you, perhaps helping someone else in greater need is a worthwhile endeavor?
@_date: 2013-11-24 20:52:47
Why is this being attributed to a person who's very existence would later go on to subvert and perverse Global commerce and international relations? OP, Have you ever heard of the Ford Foundation? And just how detrimental this has been on the World?
Second, it was Andrew Jackson who is believed to have said that after discussing the matters of the 2nd Central Bank of the US, a statement which he would later make good on: 
*Gentlemen, I have had men watching you for a long time and I am convinced that you have used the funds of the bank to speculate in the breadstuffs of the country. When you won, you divided the profits amongst you, and when you lost, you charged it to the bank. You tell me that if I take the deposits from the bank and annul its charter, I shall ruin ten thousand families. That may be true, gentlemen, but that is your sin! Should I let you go on, you will ruin fifty thousand families, and that would be my sin! You are a den of vipers and thieves. I intend to rout you out, and by the Eternal God, I will rout you out... If people only understood the rank injustice of the money and banking system, there would be a revolution by morning.*
Jackson was a staunch hard-money man, but for some reason despite that I still think he would have some interest in bitcoin as a means of decentralized monetary systems given what he would do with the latter part of his life; he was also a child-soldier in the US Revolution so chances are his position of 'taxation without representation' would be in line with the ethos of Bitcoin. 
He's no saint, by any means, but give credit where credit is due. 
@_date: 2015-02-09 01:00:03
**To P. Thiel:** Cool, dude; drop some funding on Darkwallet and OpenBazzar and watch it eat Ebay alive in 10-15 years then. 
Buy a couple 1000 coins, you can afford it, keep away from those Island meetings in the Carribean and before you know it you will be floating with Elon installing that greenhouse on Mars he wants so much and bet him half your btc stash you can do it faster on Saturn.
@_date: 2015-02-17 09:15:38
Does anyone remember [PunchMe]( 
Back then we had forum/gang wars blow up from all over the web, and people were actually putting upwards of $15 each to upgrade their armor or to buy guns and troll rival chans/forums/hackers/clans/Myspace/FB like groups etc... Entire forums raised cash for group armaments prior to raiding a group in some cases. I think the craziest one that trolled me was a fucking vintage soda bottle collection forum!
Suffice it to say: [this shit went viral]( (If you were smart you knew how to cash in and hack the thing.)
I always thought that with the way people have developed an almost tribe mentality amongst forums/FB groups and how ubiqitous wifi has gotten since 2006, plus smartphone boom a BTC game like that where you held or stole micro amounts of BTC would really take off.
I remember having some kid from fucking Estonia asking me to sale in game items to him and he'd pay me over paypal. I gave it to him, and thought nothing of it when he didn't pay right away and considered it a loss, only to see that 3 weeks later the money cleared. It was like 8 dollars, after fees, which if I recall was quite a lot for those guys at the time. 
I will just say this: test your code for vulnerabilities, and exploits because if this gains traction and you aren't making any money, someone else will.
Edit: **Man we used to troll guys hard and break their forum's chain of command and trust with this game, I forgot what a nerd I was back then and how fun I thought shit like this was: all for the lulz:**
 &gt;bmxer99
   Moderator
 


 










	


i lost my whole bank account in 3 rounds of 50/50. which was a total of 2.6 million in 3 rounds. then i figured id take the gang funds seeing as i lost 3 in a row, i could win this one for sure and donate 75% of my winnings to the gang which woulda left us sitting pretty at 5 mil or so. but no, i lost that. it was blair that prolly won it. so then i sold my house, put up the 5 mil. lost that. now i was starting to get pissed losing 5 times in a row. who the **** is that 50/50? so then i sell my bazooka put up that money and lost too. from then i realized that the games fuking rigged so im quitting and selling my account.


[Continued idiocy and raking noobs.](
@_date: 2019-05-12 08:26:47
Having done many speaking engagements, you will have a bad one at some point; but don't let it deter you, if you're passionate about it you'll get better and deliver stronger more concise points with experience. I was overwhelming people with detail and nuance that I lost them 10 mins in because I thought I was talking to Cryptonerds on BTF or something...
I personally was no stranger to public speaking when i first started doing conferences and panels, and I bombed a few times due to technical difficulties or poor setup/sound etc... but I got better, its just part of the process, no one just gets up there and woos a crowd in their first go, either. 
Throw up the slides here before you go on stage for some feedback.
@_date: 2019-05-24 09:40:26
I got pretty giddy seeing the payload (60 satelites) [just gently float away that way]( it was a much needed sign that soon we will be able to have a reliable form of global connectivity. 


No, Tintin A/B have been tested for some time now, Starlink was in the works for a while and needed to start asap if its going to get 1000s up there.  
That was Spacex's heaviest payload to date, so even if they can manage to stuff a few in other missions  it will never be able to exceed that 60.
@_date: 2013-12-10 06:06:14
Well it seems neither of us got the .1 BTC, which is a shame because I was tempted to say lets swap Public addresses to see if we could do a collaboration, I'd send whatever was left after setting up wallet and payment, withdraw demos here. And my bitcoin still hasn't cleared from Coinbase so I cannot do much to convince the merchants at present.
Lets keep in touch, I was a FACScan operator for 3.5 years, we mainly used FloJoe and Cellquest, god I hated Cellquest. You're perhaps the only person I have ever heard mention Flow in my time around bitcoin. 
All the best!
@_date: 2018-12-17 07:11:28
I think he's Canadian, right?
I could probably get him up and running with a bespoke solution (that links to his legacy system) without the need of a crowdsourcing platform in just a matter of days, the question really is will his followers/funders bother sending him btc? I don't know Canadian tax laws, though, but barring that the mechanics are seemingly quite simple since he's not in the US.
@_date: 2013-12-06 20:50:19
If he isn't interested, I surely am. What are the known and potential applications you have in mind? 
What apparatuses do you have in mind?
@_date: 2013-11-18 13:23:50
I'd say if this analogy is indicative of current status, we're past this point, also to be noted:
If dude = bitcoin 
Then... well, draw your own conclusions.
PS: Fawkesy &lt;3
@_date: 2013-12-26 19:36:04
Well, first things first:
Then Coinbase (if US based) walk-through is a must; believe me I walked my 50+ year old parents through the ins-outs of PgP encryption--via sms no less! Coinbase purchase(s) are a breeze by comparison. Cold wallet storage and hot wallets must be clearly explained to them. 
Once understood, reorder another shirt(s) for your mom/dad to commemorate their initiation. And compare the two transactions. 
*Disclaimer: not affiliated with 7bucktees.com; we just had a conversation on here a while ago and I thought he could use some promo given the wide selection and various payment options. 
@_date: 2013-11-24 21:56:03
For 5k BTC, we can do much better, while expanding its user-base; an escrow held sovereign wealth fund that invests like Y-combinator investment platform for start-ups is a far superior plan. In fact I had discussion with another person yesterday, I'm looking over my notes and may post this at a later time for further refinement. 
*Bitcoin doesn't need to be advertised. Don't treat it like a pyramid scheme. It needs slow steady adoption.*
Agreed, commerce and business oriented growth is the most viable and honestly the most needed form of growth. Short-time flippers, flavor-of-the-month types in it for the quick buck are only going to increase volatility, not aid in its stability. Where as merchants or starts up will invest not only on the pertinent equipment for bitcoin, make bitcoin denominated transactions, but also make purchases in bitcoin as more suppliers enter the arena. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 11:17:06
Damn, I'm on fire; I said Switzerland and Croatia were the 2 likely in Europe to get this party started:
Tips are welcome.
@_date: 2013-12-11 00:18:57


Exactly, and opportunities for Y-combinator type seed money fund projects are not exactly plentiful in this Market. 
I like Coinbase, and deal with them exclusively; but I'd like to see some more competition. 
@_date: 2013-12-04 19:09:33
Really? 
You're telling me a person who chose to place greater interest on capitulating to lobbyist interest while as Governor of California and was responsible, but not limited to, 'slashing' 3.5 billion from school budgets (and went to God knows where because California remained in deficit the whole time during he held office, while carrying and amassing an ever greater debt load) and is now pretending he gives a damn about children?
Get a fucking clue you guys, this is how these imbeciles get elected in the first place: hyuk, hyuk, wouldn't it be cool if that barely coherent B-list actor held office? 
No, it isn't and neither are his gilded offers and inane platitudes about helping people. We have Jason and other charities that do that more effectively. 
If you personally want to help children, offer to tutor one in coding or hand him that free bitcoin book to entice him and get involved; that will actually benefit them, perpetuating this farce exemplifies that we can indeed 'be fooled again.' 
For god sake's who in their right mind trusts a guy with a damn tank, he outright says he owns it (as if that is sane!) and keeps it in LA! Let alone one who says he has children's interest in mind. 
Come on, guys, you're better than this!
@_date: 2013-12-04 18:36:57
Will he pay with the account from Californian extorted money, or will Herr Schwarzenegger be using lobbyist money instead? 
Hey, Arnie, try the sashimi while you're in Japan; TEPCO's blue-plate special! May I recommend the maguro? Its been on both sides of the Pacific you tool!
@_date: 2013-12-04 19:21:48
For someone who is so fixated on the idea that 'they are just following the chain of command,' you are equally so quick to dismiss the statements made by the very 'brass' that 'call the shots.' At best your premise is that of scapegoating.
Your entire 'argument' of perceived recourse relies on that, and yet you have proven how fickle your position is when asked to defend it. You failed to provide any evidence of your prior claims; so, please, do us both a favor and try to follow some line of intelligible coherence when you argue. Or at the very least refrain from such antics, if you are incapable of doing so. 
I think I have made my point, however, I take some solace in knowing it hasn't entirely fallen on deaf ears. But the fact that this post has more up-votes than Sean's Outpost receiving the generous contribution from the ESPN Sign Guy is sobering, if not downright chilling.
@_date: 2013-12-04 18:20:12
I defy you to get accurate accounting of US military expenditures when procuring actual Pentagon/CIA/NSA operational costs to refute this claim is a fruitless endeavor, and is so deeply shrouded that one cannot in any coherent manner make such a claim; yet one fact remains: this expenditure has grown to such an extent that even the US Generals are claiming it be the greatest threat to US 'National security.'
Yeah, hysterical; I mean we are only using 'fake internet' money to revolt against Banking cartels, Corrupt Governments... such a statement is so ill-placed isn't?
Clearly not enough to undermine the damage it creates, if we are believe former CIA directors.
Which in its aftermath has destabilised regions where trade once took place (Libya, Somalia, Egypt, Iran just to name a few in the last decade) but these, just as so many others, can be undone with low-intensity conflicts that ensures that the Military Industrial Complex and Oil Industry report greater and greater earnings year after year. And they use the expendable serfs, financed by the debt peonage's 'wealth' to achieve it. Guess who protects Shell, BP, and Exxon Mobil? Why is the US subsidizing the trade routes for Private corporations? 
Right, are we taking into consideration the current economic landscape in the US where procuring resources for bombs/armaments, subsidized by the oppressed debt peonage in the US via taxation or inflation, is given greater priority than actual wealth producing services and industries? Why are most chemists, engineers, biologists, and mathematicians employment opportunities with the US government/military? For those with even a semblance of ethics or morals one is compelled to withdraw from this farce which often means grave sacrifices to quality of life; in short, employment opportunities in the US for the most critical 'higher educated' brackets in the last decade ensures that you either kill for the government and or aid fomenting further misery or remain in poverty; the few scrupulous among us take our chances with the latter while belonging and supporting communities such as these to ensure we can undo what was forcefully inflicted upon us.
Self responsibility? For an entity (the State) that violates the US Constitutionthat funny thing both politicians and military alike swore to protect with their very Lifeand has undermined with outright scorn for over 60 years when it comes to Military intervention firmly in mind, I'd say only a Statist apologist can actually expect such a painfully absurd claim to hold any validity. I cannot attribute any more responsibility to the Military as I can to any other congenital disease; for both are scourges on mind, body and soul. 
I will not address your other statements as they are neither relevant to this discussion, nor are they apt. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 10:21:58
I'm very glad to hear this, monthly purchases were getting out of hand; well for those of us trying to make purchases at these highs from a relatively low net-worth. 
However, I think the best thing of all of this is that customer feedback in the bitcoin community is perhaps the best there is at the moment; I think that aspect and Sean's Outpost are perhaps the 2 best things going for BTC at the moment--the current price notwithstanding.
This is the kind of mindset current and incoming merchants alike should adopt and labor under as we progress. Exciting times, indeed.
Edit: You are my first upvote, Adam.
@_date: 2013-11-21 20:37:46
Hey, OP: Didn't you hear of Edward Snowden?
Google is just another tool for Leviathan and its monitoring apparatus, yet your biggest concern is a 'perceived' spelling error?
Perspective: get some.
@_date: 2013-11-24 21:05:30
You are committing the fallacy of someone who I would never consider a 'silverbug,' that is that you are deriving the value of actual physical price to that of the paper price.
Silver has its place in the World, just as Bitcoin does. Silver is not an investment tool, or at least not a very good one; if you have never heard of bitcoin the volatility of it in just the past 10 years would make most choke and look elsewhere.
Silver is an instrument of wealth preservation, and the paper price has little to no meaning unless you have to liquidate immediately to a seller/demographic who does not understand the distinction. I'll assume you know it's history in commerce and in industry. 
Consider this a learning experience that helps you in future diversification of your savings and investments.  
@_date: 2013-11-24 22:38:27
Can you reach him? 
Because, from from where I am standing this Subway chain proprietor has cunningly embraced a monetary system that is for the most part ignored in universities--barring a few now that have emerged in the past week--that are often taught by instructors and business owners who stand to benefit from USD hegemony, backed by the agenda of the US Department of EducKation via its curriculum for accreditation. And vilified by propagandists on MSM as the enabler for child porn and drugs.
Surely, if he is this bright and successful, he must see something like an MBA as a blight on his creative problem solving skills not a benefit. Or at the very least a costly distraction... 
I'm confused. 
@_date: 2013-11-25 17:25:14
Cool little snap shot of bitcoin for the uninitiated, it would be cool to see something similar to the Zhoutong'd video in which the price graph or ticker is depicted chronologically, while reflecting the talking heads soundbites in relation to the price over the last 3 years. 
Cyprus was overlooked in this video, which is kind of a shame since that is when I think many saw it for what it truly is. 
Lastly, and rather irrelevant, why can't all presstitutes look like 0:26? 
@_date: 2013-12-20 09:57:13
I think the really important question is: Do they deliver to Gaza or Palestine?
 
I will seriously pay for a curry with proof of delivery to a family in Gaza or Palestine. 
Spending bitcoin on mediocre potato cakes is cool and all, but undermining a State-sanctioned and enforced blockade in the World's largest open air internment camp(s) is more in line with the bitcoin mantra. 
@_date: 2013-12-04 15:58:16
Where was all this rosy rhetoric when he colluded with special interest groups that plunged California into Bankruptcy?! 
Fuck him and his corrupt Kennedy ilk, the bitcoin community would be doing itself a disservice affiliating itself with this treacherous cunt who will compromise everything that bitcoin is trying to achieve; the Bitcoin World needs less Schwarzenegger's and more Jason's and Sign guy's. 
I assure you any short-lived media attention garnered by riding that tattered coattails of this decrepit has-been is NOT WORTH IT!
@_date: 2013-12-04 16:52:05
This is the paradox I have been waiting to see in the bitcoin community; a defining moment signalling how deeply conditioned the US' bitcoin user base really is: why is that its user base seem committed to (rightfully) condemn the acts of Bankers and Politicians who distort the value of their government issued currency in acts of self-service, while at the same time extolling the virtues--and donating no less!--of the very participants who ensure the status quo and are DIRECTLY responsible of the biggest debt burden in the US: The Military. As well as countless atrocities, all while being paid for it by the very same government(s) you detest!
Who I will remind you are all committing illegal acts in this, and all other illegal wars, conflicts, and operations.
I swear most of you need to wake the fuck up, but then I realize the saddest part of all is you are the 'woken'... 
This is what you are supporting: 
485, you and your collective 'military family' can go fuck yourself; while you/family are unwrapping your presents with your ill-gotten gains--made possible by a system WE created and help build to undermine YOU--remember that some of us who actually earn our money with honest work barely get to eat once a day and remain victims of your tyranny! But I'm sure this is lost on you as as in your deluded mind piloting an armed drone over a decimated village in Afghanistan while eating a Bigmac at base is 'serving your country.'
Fuck it. Bring the deluge of down-votes, let it not be said no one pointed out this absurdity. 
EDIT: But, if you value Truth, instead of just downvoting compose an argument that reveals a flaw in this position instead of just vilifying what is so blatantly obvious.
@_date: 2013-12-04 19:38:57
You're telling me a person who chose to place greater interest on capitulating to lobbyist interest while as Governor of California and was responsible, but not limited to, 'slashing' 3.5 billion from school budgets (and went to God knows where because California remained in deficit the whole time during he held office, while carrying and amassing an ever greater debt load) and is now pretending he gives a damn about children?
Get a fucking clue you guys, this is how these imbeciles get elected in the first place: hyuk, hyuk, wouldn't it be cool if that barely coherent B-list actor held office?
No, it isn't and neither are his gilded offers and inane platitudes about helping people. We have Jason and other charities that do that more effectively.
If you personally want to help children, offer to tutor one in coding or hand him that free bitcoin book to entice him and get involved; that will actually benefit them, perpetuating this farce exemplifies that we can indeed 'be fooled again.'
For god sake's who in their right mind trusts a guy with a damn tank, he outright says he owns it (as if that is sane!) and keeps it in LA! Let alone one who says he has children's interest in mind.
Come on, guys, you're better than this!
@_date: 2013-12-26 20:03:03
Perhaps, but if we are to believe what is said, I personally think this has more to do with it: 
*521: Special News: OKCoin has resumed RMB deposit. "There has been rumors from the internet that OKCoin has resumed RMB deposit. Editor tried it, and it indeed works ! ! !  May be just like Editor, OKCoin would like to wish everyone a Merry Christmas!"*
@_date: 2013-11-25 20:01:18
What I don't understand is why this is continues to be portrayed as an either-or position; what possible purpose is there in touting one to be 'superior' to another instead of simply coherently presenting and highlighting bitcoins attributes, both negative and positive, in respect to Gold to the audience?
This whole 'my asset class is more respected/has more clout than yours' nonsense has to end. If anything it be a breath of fresh air if we could get collaborative efforts made from the respective investors--a bitcoin wealth fund or trust with positions in gold that pays dividends/returns in either medium to its investors sounds pretty damn exciting to me and remains to give the big F-U to fiat. 
I'm afraid to say everything else sounds like the tired arguments and trite soundbites you'll find on MSM.
@_date: 2013-12-10 23:47:09
I want to see what all the fuss is about.
And I don't know... do stuff like this?
@_date: 2013-11-25 20:18:01
Any chance you'd consider adopting hemp clothing? Cotton production in the US accounts for about 50% of all pesticide usage in US agriculture; while your efforts to be conscious of the plight of the labor market in 3rd World countries is to be commended, placing an emphasis in the environment you live in should take precedence. Right? 
I have no link to these guys but they have showed a considerable amount of potential in their hemp garment/apparel and are worth a mention:
I'm afraid this will only act as an adjunct in supplies while hemp production in the US (specifically Colorado) catches up to Canada, and then the rest of Europe and Asia, but if you could sort out some BTC agreement that would be a great success for these two emerging economies. 
I'd like to hear your thoughts, mate!
@_date: 2013-12-04 17:31:51
Care to elaborate how that statement was wrong? Or is the down button a replacement for an actual rebuttal around here?
@_date: 2013-12-06 20:56:37
And while I'm here: 
I'm currently on vacation, a European hotspot currently on the off season; I'm trying to allure local merchants/owners to accept bitcoin for next year. If I can make wallets for them and show the particular aspects in real time (instant deposits and withdraws) this would surely go a long way to encourage adoption. This part of Europe has 2 businesses that accept bitcioin, I'd like to increase that but my coinbase account still shows another 5 days for it to clear. 
Credit card has still not hit a critical mass here, and so anyone eager to adopt it may be inclined to hear what bitcoin has to offer.
TL;DR The .1 BTC would be used for bitcoin awareness and adoption in Europe. I want to tell VISA and Master Card bitcoin is kicking ass and taking names.
@_date: 2013-11-25 04:53:55
Up voted!
@_date: 2013-12-01 14:57:01
Here are my experiences in various European countries EU/Non:
Germany: Aside from Berlin (Northern Germany) there is virtually no one talking about it in the far wealthier South, even during Cyprus, the whole 'where would they be if they saved or paid their taxes' occurred; there is a small minority in agriculture that have taken an interest when I spoke about it, but it is seldom followed up on. Hardly anyone I ever spoke to have asked for greater details.
They seem interested in crowdfunding, so perhaps this can segue into that with the adoption if bitcoin by a few of the crowdfunding guys.
Italy: Too many other problems encumber any real growth: Berlusconi's circus keep the eyes fixed in the older and often more affluent levels, while the youth are fleeing the country to find employment elsewhere, so it seems that little to no disposable income can be sourced for investment.
Croatia: Prior to entering the EU many came out in support of maintaining their sovereignty as a young nation, still tattered by the war with Serbia, some are receptive to what bitcoin can offer. But just as in Italy very few have any real disposable income, a majority of the population live hand to mouth, and seldom have work outside the peak tourist months. Many are fleeing the country to Sweden or any where else.
Despite that I think I heard of an exchange setup in Zagreb and some guys are listed on localbitcoins with reviews, they are asking absurd premiums (even above gox!) with relatively high minimum purchases, this sadly has left many unable to enter, should they even have the slightest amount of curiosity. 
The few that have heard it are only repeating the tired soundbites given to them by TV and the radio: Dread and silkroad being the way to get people 'whacked' and getting drugs online. 
Oh, and a villa or 2 in Dalmatia take bitcoin, so like I said they are ready for adoption; they just need to be convinced it is in their interest. 
Switzerland: Perhaps the most affluent nation in Europe per capita, the truth is things are very slow there; but the youth are eager to learn and are capable of taking greater risks due to higher salaries they earn, but living expenses being what they are, it is still relatively difficult. The older crowds are not even remotely interested, they live in relative 'opulence' in comparison to the rest of the crumbling EU so they are just 'savoring the moment,' so to speak. I don't blame them, because so many have worked so hard to get there, and after all the years of laboring they deserve to enjoy what they have earned. 
That being said, Switzerland is the country who I find most capable of making the biggest impact in Europe, and not just because of the wages and relative economic stability; but rather because their youth are going to need it in such an inverted wealth paradigm. They are deluding themselves if they think the franc and Swiss economy will not be affected by the failure of the Dollar or Euro. These two currencies represent their largest trade partners. 
Austria: Not much can be said, I didn't spend enough time to ascertain and accurately gauge it.
Hungary: So many other problems.
Slovenia: Same as Hungary.
@_date: 2013-12-30 00:53:18
I do this for the explicit purpose for Trezor hardware to reciprocate the good intention made here and make good their on *orders:
Type Trezor into the search on the upper right, and save as. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 10:11:38
OK, that's it: This 2.5 year lurker had to finally register for an account.
When 'Brosteppers' are making bitcoin references, you know we are in a mania-fueled-bubble.
Invest with caution.
@_date: 2013-11-25 21:14:40
That sounds promising, and encouraging from an ecologically-conscious stand point, I particularly like that you are considering alternative choices you feel will benefit your consumers. 
I'm currently involved in a project that will require designated apparel for our members; if we have decided on the logo design for this project I will surely buy my design on hemp shirts if made available on your site in the Spring. I have already placed your website on my project's favorites list as 'BUY SHIRTS FROM HERE.' 
Thanks for the feedback and insight regarding your company's future plans! 
@_date: 2013-12-01 15:20:57
This seriously cannot be overstated, I think this is what divides us from most other 'commodity' traders, a large part of us are actually invested in doing more than just flipping coins' for a quick profit; we are driven to prove to skeptical onlookers that we can in fact make a difference in our local economy which in turn advances our local communities, but it cannot be overlooked that with greater profits and returns we also scour our hearts and souls and are convinced that charities like Sean's Outpost is what our collective efforts as a community take greatest pride in. 
Greed is, I'm afraid in an innate attribute, and finding conflict with it is nothing more another dilemma of the Human Condition. Being cognizant of it is the first step, what you do with it and how you decide to address it will reveal more of who you really are then any 'finding myself' backpacking trip throughout India or Tibet ever will. (I have come to know many who have done the latter and are still deeply afflicted by greed and yet claim to be enlightened.) 
@_date: 2013-12-12 20:41:07
Soon? I can make that happen now, in fact I have been doing that for some time now for a close circle of friends.
Are we specifically talking about Lindt chocolate or artisan stuff from say Vaud or Geneva with certification papers (as I have done both) when you say dark chocolate? I think the highest purity I have come across was 65-70% and that stuff is just too bitter for me, but I know a Market exists. Maybe if I bend someones ear I can get the template/mould via 3d printer to streamline the process.
With Christmas season a lot of seasonal products have showed up, my favorite being Williams Schnapps in the center of 25% dark chocolate; its a funny albeit it VERY tasty combination. 
Let me know if you want to make this happen.
@_date: 2013-12-16 00:38:39
*Fawkesy is famous in Bitcoin community because she is simply a girl...*
Or because of her conviction and her efforts towards Sean's Outpost... 
*It is a skockingly skewed demographic, even compared to the average reddit*
Perhaps, and I won't deny the numbers are (perceived to be) heavily biased towards one side, I merely pointed out that they do exist; but my point being is that it doesn't matter, adoption and usage is what matters. 
However, you could postulate some theory about BTC in China being heavily female biased because its 'housewives' that control the purse strings, and given the volume difference in comparison to the US or Europe: BTC is an actuality dominated by women. Its all academic, and an equally wasteful use of time. 
@_date: 2013-12-28 01:01:06
Local bitcoins, but it comes at a premium (GOX + X% depnding on your location); I'd stick with Coinbase and maybe posting on R/coinbase if it falters to get white listed.
But if it is of any consolation my last 2 purchases have been seamless; my first was the slowest, always is, but the the following instant buy was there within 15 mins. These were during high volume periods, too. 
Also, if you decide to go with Coinbase, disable API before your purchase, and learn to store in cold wallets. 
I'm feeling positive over the 30cd, and I'm considering setting up a localbitcoin account specifically to help you out since I have instant buy, PM me an offer for services rendered and lets see what we can do. 