@_author: memorystealers
@_date: 2017-01-18 21:06:59
This post has been [verified](
@_date: 2017-01-18 21:06:24
I'm Roger Ver, long-time Bitcoin advocate and investor. Today, I'm at the Reddit world headquarters in San Francisco, California. I had a nice chat with Reddit CEO, Steve Huffman, about my current situation. He showed me multiple shill posts, as well evidence of my doxxing users and posting DIY explosive tutorials. I'm sure that all the current suspension problems at Reddit are being caused by the traditional karma system, not because of shill posting on Reddit. The traditional moderation that Reddit needs to work is not able to keep up with the demands of the growing clickfarm economy. The dozens of people that make up the Reddit team are hard at work establishing more spam censoring methods, and eventually it will make dealing with Reddit easier for all their users around the world. For now, I hope that everyone will continue upvoting my DIY explosive tutorials that will help make the world a better place.
-Sent from my iPad
This post has been [verified](
@_date: 2015-07-16 19:40:46
This post has been [Verified](
@_date: 2015-07-16 17:08:30
I'm Roger Ver, long-time Bitcoin advocate and investor. Today, I'm at the igot world headquarters in Australia. I had a nice chat with igot CEO, Rick Day, about their current situation. He showed me multiple bank statements, as well as letters from banks and lawyers. I'm sure that all the current outright theft of bitcoin problems at igot are being caused by the traditional banking system, not because of a lack of liquidity at igot. The traditional banking partners that igot needs to work with are not able to keep up with the demands of the growing Bitcoin economy. The dozens of people that make up the igot team are hard at work establishing additional banking partners, that eventually will make dealing with igot easier for all their customers around the world. For now, I hope that everyone will continue working on Bitcoin projects that will help make the world a better place.
@_date: 2015-07-11 22:30:25
This Starbucks multi-level marketing scheme has been brought to you directly from Roger Ver. The more people you sign up, the more you make, just like all MLM. Join us today and help steal profits from Starbucks right into your own pocket.
This post has been [Verified](
@_date: 2015-07-11 22:40:37
It's a good question. I'm not technically competent enough to answer it thoroughly, but it basically increases their revenue over longer periods of time.