@_author: mendolito
@_date: 2018-01-15 14:20:13


Because you are not alone in the world and the economy does not work solely for your satisfaction. There are bad people doing bad things in the world. Sorry to break the news to you kid.
@_date: 2018-01-16 12:04:51
Why would it be unconstitutional? This is ridiculous.
@_date: 2018-01-16 08:24:49


Why can't they regulate such a network?
@_date: 2014-04-22 10:07:30
This is the worst idea ever. Scamming will become rampant.
@_date: 2014-04-22 09:32:45
Just take the loss and move on --- and try working in a more reputable sector this time.
@_date: 2014-04-22 10:08:47
What's the Under/Over line on when Bitwage runs off with my wages?
@_date: 2014-04-22 09:56:59
I'm sure Brewster had an exit plan; I can't imagine it will be very easy to catch him. Note that the power and judicial system in Cyprus is highly corrupt, as
* The Attorney General is solely responsible for **all** criminal cases --- he can start, suspend, restart, dismiss any criminal case at any stage without having to give a reason for his actions. No one can dimiss the Attorney General from his position and he only has to step down when he is pensioned. In fact, the former Attorney General [flatly confirmed]( that he had dismissed a drunk-driving charge against his son because he "wanted to help him". While the current Attorney General agreed to dismiss a serious criminal charge against the current Central Banker, which the latter demanded in order to step down from his position. This clears the way for the government to install a person of their choosing in the Central Banker position.
* The Cypriot economy is largely based on the services sector, with most lawyers working on the set-up and maintenance of off-shore companies that are used by Europeans to evade taxes in their home countries. Because most politicians are lawyers, it means that most politicians have a personal interest in seeing the continuation of such shady business practices. Even the President of Cyprus has been running a lawyer office specializing in representing foreign firms.
* The President's ruling party has recently [admitted]( that it received a 50 thousand euro "gift" from a shipping company reportedly associated with a banker against which a criminal charge for embezzlement of more than 500 million euro was recorded. The newspaper that uncovered the "gift" assures that the 50k is only the first of ten equal-sum installments that the party received from the same company. The explanation given by the party was that it didn't know where the money came from.
So I would not be surprised if Brewster had some connection within the government that will let him go home free.
@_date: 2014-04-22 10:05:29


How do you know this? You are referring to the same police whose chief [was dismissed]( a few weeks ago, being indirectly accused by the minister that he was in bed with organized crime bosses. The grounds for this accusation was that the minister had repeatedly asked for arrests to be done with connection to the car and house bombings that have become daily occurrences in Cyprus, but such arrests were very rarely done.
Note that the straw that broke the camel's back in the case of the dismissed chief of police was his admission that he had failed to send adequate police reinforcements to a serious incident involving extreme-right-wing protesters and foreign ambassadors because he was taking a nap while the incident was taking place.
@_date: 2014-04-22 09:31:20
There can be no reasonable doubt that Brewster is a plain con man. But the whole Neo &amp; Bee operation seemed sketchy right from the beginning. I've been in Cyprus throughout this debacle and I can tell you with certainty that since Neo &amp; Bee surfaced there have been very-very few people that had a doubt that there is something fishy about the whole thing.
First of all, the marketing campaign with which they started was obscenely expensive and included:
* TV ads
* Huge billboards inside cities and on highways, 
* Front page over-cover; I don't know if there's a standard term for this, but it's basically a single page featuring only the logo of the newspaper with the rest being entirely produced by the advertiser. This page is placed on top of the newspaper and the buyer of the newspaper has to remove it in order to read the front page proper.
* Inserts on many daily newspapers.
* Ads placed near the entrance of the biggest shopping malls, placed *all-along* the escalator that everyone entering the mall has to go through.
Note that this campaign went on for weeks (maybe more than a month) and featured well-known Cypriot actors. Note also that the marketing campaign was completely mis-targeted; If we accept that there is indeed a product that would benefit from such a campaign it would definitely be a product targeted at everyone... Not a product built around a currency that half the population has never heard of and from the other half only one in twenty has any intention of using it in the foreseeable future. So the campaign was *a lot* of money down the drain; it made no good to the company's product, but I imagine it must have worked wonders attracting gullible investors.
If I was in the position of Papageorgiou and Aaby, or anyone else involved in this fiasco, I would take steps in pursuing criminal charges for Brewster, but I would try to do so under the radar; I can't imagine that any further public involvement on their part can have any benefit for their future professional career. Being gullible is not something you advertise if you want people to trust executive roles with you!