@_author: mentalxkp
@_date: 2014-10-12 18:58:52
No, it's not like that, and the volatility is still unsuitable for it to be a mainstream currency. There's a reason we use dollars and not bolivars to buy things. 
@_date: 2014-10-12 19:42:29
In the last two weeks it had a 25% drop. No stable currency has a 25% drop, either in a week or a year. There is nothing about the currency being consistently unstable that suggests it will become stable. And there isn't anything about the bitcoin systems in place to control volatility (those types of controls are exactly what bitcoin is against). 
Merchants aren't likely to adopt it on a mass scale because they have no idea what the value will be tomorrow. Maybe they'll turn a profit, maybe they'll lose money, selling the same item at the same pricepoint at 10 am and 3 pm. 
The reason bitcoin does so well on DNMs is because those are low overhead, high margin goods. If you have to budget long-term, like building a factory and hiring employees, it becomes a very bad financial instrument. 
Central banking systems have a lot of tools they can use to stabilize a currency, but they require regulation and, ultimately, government insurance. (That's why the dollar didn't deflate by 100s of percents in 2008). Without that, a currency will be very volatile, as exampled by the 60% devaluation currently in Venezuela.
I do like bitcoin. It's an interesting concept, and I think in the future their will be a mainstream digital currency. But it won't be bitcoin; it's designed to not be mainstream.
@_date: 2014-10-12 16:57:36
I don't think anyone has argued it is immoral, but if anything, bitcoin is little more than trading baseball cards at this stage. There are some serious hurdles to overcome before it'll be seen as a legitimate currency.
@_date: 2014-10-13 00:22:07
Huh? What's that got to do with anything? Has this conversation gone past you? Do you have an argument in which bitcoin's value becomes stable and vendors adopt it on a mass scale? I've offered up multiple points as to why that's unlikely. Feel free to make and educated argument as to why it will happen.
Also, at the time of that quote, computers did cost millions and were far too big for the home. The ones referenced in that quote never did go mainstream. Rather, a new generation of computers made of different parts and programmed differently went mainstream, much like 


@_date: 2014-10-14 01:01:08
I can, though it isn't relevant to my point. No one operates on a gold standard. It has many of the same issues as bitcoin- volatile value, finite supply, and difficult to spend. Just like bitcoin, i also keep precious metals in my portfolio to capitalize on patience vs volatility, and just like bitcoin, i don't spend it at the grocery store. 
@_date: 2014-10-12 17:54:32
Lack of merchant acceptance (limits what you can actually buy with it) and its volatile value. The volatility is probably the root cause of all other issues with it. With such unstable value it becomes a terrible lending instrument. Since most modern economies operate on credit, currencies without credit are unattractive. For example, if I loan you $100 @ 10% interest, I'll get $110 back with the reasonable expectation I'll still have the same purchase power when you pay it back. 
In the last few weeks, I've watched bitcoin go from over $400 down to $300, then back up to 360. If I loaned to you at 400, but was paid back at 300, I lost 25% value but only made back 10% on interest, a net loss of 15% for me. (These same problems happen when investing in foreign countries, especially the BRICs). 
So just buy what you can pay for and forget lending, right? Except look at all the sectors of the economy that operate because of lending- banking, housing, and auto. These aren't niche industries- they employ a tremendous number of people through the country, not just the rich dudes at the top. 
I love bitcoin for what it is, and I have a few investments in it to capitalize on patience vs volatility, but the idea that it can replace dollars and euros is misguided. It's 'internet' money (what my own dad calls it) and it'll likely remain there. 
@_date: 2014-10-12 18:41:30
Where's the fallacy? Expecting something to change that hasn't changed in years is much more of a fallacy than expecting it to continue the way it always has. 