@_author: merco_caliente
@_date: 2017-02-22 12:30:52
Perhaps my attempts to remain objective come across as naive.
As you have read in the history of this account, the trading thing is a wet dream that I might try once I have enough coins to make it worth it by trading 10% of them.
I'm obviously also just testing the waters, hence these questions of mine.
The above purely FYI as I appreciate your concern for my well being down the line.
The be honest, I had made up my mind already before posting these questions, just looking for confirmation which I have meanwhile.
What I don't get is where you stand personally; you should know things based on your username.
And i do understand what you said in regards to divide and conquer.
Is that why you advise not to stir as it leads to picking sides ?
I'm not sure it applies in this case as one of the sides might be the instigator.
Cards on the table my friend, I assume you know what's going on and how it relates to things beyond BTC and the chains so why does your advise sound like it's best to not interfere ?
@_date: 2017-02-22 12:59:28
Why do you consider SegWit better ? honest question
@_date: 2017-03-15 08:50:13
Are you guys serious ?
the same tactics are being used over and over again.. from manipulation to attack
regardless of which solution is the right one .. checking actions that have been taking by both sides during the last year or so should make it rather obvious
keep grasping for air ..
@_date: 2017-02-22 10:44:55
I'm not a troll nor trying to create trouble.
I'm a new active user but i've been aware of what BTC and the chain tech stands for a while.
Hence my post, by reading up on it, it appears as if actions are being taken to which go against what I thought BTC and the like stand for.
I'm just honestly not sure who represents what in this mess.
But to be perfectly honest, it's usually the same side that uses the " stop causing trouble, move along sir" argument .. 
Regardless of the current mess, I am still curious about the experienced users' predictions of each possible future scenario.
(personally i think the mean value will keep rising, nasty side effects such as high fees not withstanding) 
@_date: 2017-03-15 11:38:35


That's rich lol, [considering]( 
@_date: 2017-03-23 09:46:27
That article brings nothing to the table except the feeling of the author.
It doesn't really dive in the technical details, focuses on BU members statements and actions.
Nothing is fundamentally wrong in the article except that is quite biased and doesn't weight the cons it mentions of BU with the cons of Core.
In the end my feeling is BTC will be centralized somehow.. but I personally feel BUT is the lesser of 2 evils (based on comparing the actors and their actions) and that the risk of centralization is further down the line (the miners) 