@_author: merehap
@_date: 2018-01-18 00:25:47
Why would it be discouraging? None of the LN developers have made any announcement about LN being ready for prime time. Almost every announcement by LN developers or those close to them has been qualified by, "Only do this is you are prepared to lose all of your money that you commit to a channel". They've set expectations at every turn but there's still always going to be plenty of reckless individuals who run ahead. When it's ready, LN developers will make it abundantly clear.
@_date: 2018-01-18 23:38:27
Yep, they are wrong. Unless you are reckless or using only small amounts that you can afford to lose, then LN on mainnet is not ready for you.
@_date: 2018-01-25 20:10:03
Neither of those factors are relevant for deciding whether *Bitcoin Core* is production ready yet. Those are measures of whether the Bitcoin ecosystem in general are ready for production. The Bitcoin Core team will never be directly involved in this projects, random other companies and projects will be instead, so it doesn't make sense to judge Bitcoin Core's production-readiness by something that is out of their control.
@_date: 2017-12-22 04:46:26
I don't necessarily. Just want to make sure if people on this sub try to get users to migrate to something other than Coinbase, that that something actually implements technologies that will alleviate fees for the entire network.
That said, there are a few things that Gemini seem to have going for them that Coinbase doesn't:
* The Winklevii are trying to get a Bitcoin ETF approved. This means they'll try a lot harder to prevent insider trading of their employees, or else the they presumably won't be approved.
* The exchange itself seems to be run better in that they don't tend to freeze trading nor remove orders from the order book arbitrarily like Coinbase has done recently. While Coinbase seems to not have anyone with previous experience in traditional financial exchanges, Gemini might considering they haven't (AFAICT) had the same unavailability issues that Coinbase has.
* Not an advantage of Gemini specifically, but having only one dominant on-ramp for buying Bitcoin doesn't seem great. Having some more competition will probably be better for the ecosystem (and might bring us features like segwit sooner).
@_date: 2017-12-20 07:06:02
I'm not sure how insulting me is helpful for having a conversation.
Please list these several hard forks on the dominant chain.
There are two that I know of:
* The instance where 92 billion bitcoins were created due to a bug exploit.
* The instance where blocksize was inadvertently increased, causing any older clients to reject new blocks.
In both cases, these were bugs that everyone on the Bitcoin network understood that were bad and so everyone upgraded/downgraded their Bitcoin clients respectively. In the first case, the Bitcoin client didn't meet the spec. In the second case, the hardfork itself was a bug, so hardly an argument for the centralization of Bitcoin. Both cases represent a leaderless consensus. 
Two cases does not count as "several" and neither of these indicate significant centralization risks.
Contrast that with Ethereum's hardfork, where there was no bug in Ethereum, but the money crowdfunded for the developers was lost, so this loss was hard-forked away. Or BCH's hardfork where they changed the spec around difficulty adjustments so as to normalize block generation intervals.
@_date: 2017-12-20 07:22:00
You could certainly include that, even though there was no risk to the network at the time nor really centralizing risk since no one really used the Bitcoin network at that time.
I'm not really seeing your point though. That still doesn't amount to "several" and I'm yet to hear a rebuttal of my main point that Bitcoin is the most decentralized of the top cryptocurrencies (and likely all).
@_date: 2017-12-20 07:47:48
The fact that it is important currently doesn't mean it was considered important then. It is obviously of central importance in the present.
Unilateral decisions like that have not been made in 7 years to Bitcoin's main chain, but they are made by Bitcoin's competitors in the present. If you consider the 1MB hardfork in 2010 a mistake, then you should try to figure out which cryptocurrencies are repeating that mistake in the present and which aren't. Bitcoin is not repeating that mistake. Ethereum, BCH, and others are.
@_date: 2017-12-20 08:33:43
Thanks! You too!
@_date: 2017-12-20 06:31:14
You're ignoring an important aspect of the competition between cryptocurrencies: level of decentralization. Bitcoin doesn't hard fork at the will of a few individuals unlike most cryptocurrencies, doesn't have a "benevolent" dictator leading development, and has more distributed mining than the other top cryptocurrencies.
Minimizing centralizing influences will play a large role in determining which cryptocurrency "wins". Ability to scale in the short term is not a sufficient condition for winning as there are already centralized, conventional solutions that can scale better than any cryptocurrency ever will.
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:44:29
Bitstamp seems fine, but newbies want to link up their bank accounts, not send wires. Bitstamp doesn't support that AFAIK.
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:18:52
Literally every altcoin fulfills that need. Why do you suggest BCash in particular? Litecoin both fulfills that need and has a longer term scaling plan through Lightning Networks.
@_date: 2017-12-20 08:19:18


I'm not sure why you are stating this here. I never made any argument in this thread about whether the 1MB cap was a good thing or not. I've made the argument that hard forks directed by a small group of people are bad things.


No, I didn't.
I stated that


This was not a claim that Bitcoin hasn't hard-forked before, and it was also clearly a statement about the current state of affairs. Bitcoin is no longer developed by a single developer who unilaterally makes decisions. The current Bitcoin developers would not attempt to sneak in a change like the 1MB hard fork, on the contrary, they have been very vocal about avoiding hard forks when consensus has not been reached.


I've demonstrated how I haven't lied nor intentionally misinformed even once. I did forget about the 1MB hard fork, but quickly admitted my error when corrected.
You need to realize when you are too emotionally invested in your arguments. When you have to resort to insults because you don't like what someone is saying, instead of responding to their points, it's time to step back and think about what you are trying to accomplish. Hopefully in the end that goal is to increase your understanding of the topic that is being argued.
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:46:21
The most concrete answer I've seen on that by a Core dev is "2018": 
I'm not sure if Schnorr will be subject to political blockade like Segwit was. If it is, that could lead to a large initial delay like Segwit had. Also, since it is a soft fork, there is no guarantee on when it would be widely adopted. As with Segwit, any company/entity would be free to adopt it whenever they like. In short, it seems likely that Schnorr will be fully implemented in 2018. It is much less certain that it will be activated in 2018, and probably unlikely that it will reach a high level of adoption in 2018.
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:44:20
Did you mean to reply to a different comment? Literally nothing you said addresses anything I said. In fact I agree with everything you said, it is just irrelevant. Gold is valuable. Where did I say otherwise?
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:32:47
Gold's price far exceeds its use in jewelry and industrial applications. Why is gold more valuable than silver and copper which are both used in those ways? Gold isn't backed by a government and isn't used as a medium of exchange of goods and services. So why does Bitcoin need to be either of those things to have value?
You should research the things that make money valuable: durability, portability, divisibility, uniformity, limited supply, and acceptability. The reason that you don't understand why Bitcoin has value is because you don't know what gives money in general value. Bitcoin has all of the aspects above, with the only one that is even vaguely in question being "acceptability". None of those characteristics impose a requirement for something to exist in the physical world; digital goods can meet all of those characteristics. No need for government backing nor industrial uses.
Also, you can use Bitcoin as a medium of exchange (though we are currently in a period of high fees until new tech rolls out). I've used it to buy a lot of games and a computer. Almost all illegal drugs bought on the internet are bought with Bitcoin. How did you manage to conclude that Bitcoin can't be used as a medium of exchange?
@_date: 2017-12-20 09:53:10
It isn't actually hard drive space nor memory requirements that are significant centralization risks.
The main centralization risk is around the latency of relaying blocks between miners. When there is a large amount of data in a block, it can take a non-trivial amount of time to relay the block to other miners. This means that if another mining pool mines a block at the same time as you do, theirs could be accepted as the valid block, and your block "orphaned" if there is lower latency between them and the resut of the miners than what you have. An orphaned block means you don't get the mining reward. How do you deal with this? You merge with other mining pools since the latency within a pool is smaller than the latency between mining pools.
This actually resulted in one of the worst problems the Bitcoin network has faced. At one point there was a high orphaned blocks rate, such that the GHash.io pool kept increasing in hashrate share. It actually reached the requisite 51% of hashrate necessary to double-spend attack the network. Only with an emergency fix, setting up a high-speed relay network, was the situation resolved.
@_date: 2017-12-20 06:22:14
There's low market depth when a market launches. That means prices can swing wildly if precautions aren't taken. A minute before $8.5k, the price was 3.5k and a minute before that it was around 8.5k. Now that Coinbase has realized that this is a problem, they have halted trading in order for market depth to build up, and will resume trading tomorrow.
@_date: 2017-12-20 06:44:36
Anyone can fork any cryptocurrency whenever they want (as long as they have sufficient technical skills). I'm referring to a majority hard fork as directed by a project's "leaders".
@_date: 2017-12-20 06:34:47
LN isn't a part of the Bitcoin Core project, it is something that is built on top of Bitcoin.
Schnorr signatures are the main Bitcoin Core project coming up in the future that will help scaling.
The majority of Bitcoin's future scaling is not dependent on Bitcoin Core at this point, it is dependent upon greater adoption of Segwit (Coinbase says they will adopt it in 2018, for example), and LN.
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:00:43
It is true that lack of support for segwit change addresses and a few other features in Core client has delayed mass adoption of segwit. But Coinbase is the biggest company in the Bitcoin space and yet months after segwit was activated have failed to put developer resources towards implementing segwit, despite far smaller companies like Trezor successfully implementing it within a month of activation.
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:52:23
Ethereum and Litecoin. Litecoin probably has greater merchant adoption than BCash, though I don't think either of us has numbers on that.
@_date: 2017-12-20 07:23:44
I'm actually curious if they ever hired any software engineers that worked on an existing exchange in the traditional finance world. It would explain a lot if they haven't.
@_date: 2014-08-23 04:04:29


Oh no! People with different political beliefs than mine having a voice!
It's odd how the rest of your comment is entirely valid, but then you throw in a ridiculous tidbit like that. Do you actually believe that people that don't agree with you politically should be silenced? WTF?
@_date: 2014-11-09 18:20:04
The point is to help overcome the chicken-and-egg problem of new technology adoption.
If merchants don't accept bitcoin, then no one uses bitcoin; if no one uses bitcoin, then merchants don't accept bitcoin.
There are two mechanisms in place here to try to overcome this:
1. A temporary third party to take bitcoins and pay the merchant in dollars.
2. A group of early adopters willing to take on additional personal expense in order to generate the demand for the merchants.
I know that you like to criticize the early adopters as cultish, but they are simply trying to force the longer-term outcome of not requiring that intermediate credit card charge step. There's nothing wrong with taking on a few extra expenses now in an attempt to accomplish a long-term objective.
@_date: 2014-01-09 05:47:13
I think it is humorous that miners are considered intelligent people by so many. The fact that they are so short-sightedly retarded enough to work against their own long-run interests is ridiculous. I'll repeat: if you are a miner using the GHash.IO pool, you are an explicitly, incontrovertibly STUPID person.
I can't wait for P2Pool to be the dominant pool so I don't have to rely on miners having at least average intelligence in order for the bitcoin network to be secure.
@_date: 2014-03-30 02:33:04
They are about to get a whole lot more now that this has been posted to r/bitcoin. I doubt their BTC address had gotten much general exposure before now. In the hour since this post was made, they've already got half again what they had so no need for cynicism.
@_date: 2014-01-17 06:44:54
It does, however, provide evidence, which is something that the naysayers do not do.
@_date: 2014-10-20 05:03:12
How is posting an email exchange of demonstrably terrible customer service slander?
@_date: 2014-08-16 18:51:49
Early adopters took a huge risk on something that probably wouldn't succeed. You didn't. That is why they get a much bigger pay-off than you do.
You want to make as much as they did without nearly as much risk. That seems unfair to me.
@_date: 2014-04-11 16:45:35
No physical commodity backs gold's value either, and yet it has value far exceeding its uses in industry and jewelry. Bitcoin is just another commodity like gold (independent of whether it is a currency or not).
Being a fiat currency in practice (minimally) means that a government will always allow its citizens to pay their taxes and debts using it, a guarantee that is unlikely to be forced on people for bitcoin and is certainly not the basis of bitcoin's value.
@_date: 2014-09-10 15:37:10
What is the reason that Bitcoin was supposed to become mainstream? I have never once heard someone say it was PoS. I am so confused at why anyone thinks Apple is competing with Bitcoin at all.
@_date: 2014-09-09 16:11:43
From every single informed person's perspective. There are very few examples of software that is "perfect" that is over 1000 lines of code.
I realize that I must be responding to a troll and I apologize to the community for doing so.
@_date: 2014-10-20 04:38:26


I don't understand how those who give good advice like this are "straight up dicks". Are you saying that giving this advice somehow encourages people to ignore it? I really don't understand...
@_date: 2014-08-23 04:18:31


I guess we have different understandings of what this means in context. Also it is not surprising that they have "gained a voice" considering that is the primary demographic of the bitcoin founders and earliest users...
@_date: 2019-06-06 16:59:55
Anyone could blacklist all many-input-many-output transactions, yes. But any company that does is at a competitive disadvantage compared to those that don't. And if a large enough proportion of Bitcoin transactions are Coinjoins, a company that blacklists could be cutting off massive amounts of business from themselves.
And in a future where Bitcoin is heavily used for commercial purchases and Coinjoins are ubiquitous, it would become economically infeasible for a jurisdiction to mandate blacklisting all Coinjoins, and businesses would unite against it (else their revenue would flee to other jurisdictions).
@_date: 2017-11-12 01:54:32
Supporters of big blocks supported both BCH and Segwit2x. Since the Segwit2x fork was still likely to happen as of a few days ago, big blockers continued to hold onto their BTC in order to have Segwit2x coins after the fork, instead of selling them all for BCH when BCH first forked. Now that the Segwit2x fork has been called off, they are selling their BTC for BCH all at the same time.
This has caused a massive pump in the price of BCH, and a moderate drop in the price of BTC at the same time. It has also caused very high fees for BTC since BCHers are all moving their BTC at the same time.
@_date: 2017-11-29 03:10:56
Every Steam purchase I make.
@_date: 2019-04-23 18:48:28
This wouldn't be a case of *you* not having enough funds, it would be a case of one of the intermediate channels between you and your destination not having enough funds. You probably just need to make sure that you open your channels to nodes that have more money in their channels. This early in Lightning's history, this probably just means you open a channel to Bitrefill's node or someone other big-name node instead of whatever smaller node that you opened a channel to.
@_date: 2019-04-12 17:30:54
Everyone has the choice whether they apply the ban list to their node or not. And anyone could make their own separate ban list. So it's not censorship, it's freedom of association. At no point will any of the nodes on the list be banned by everyone, so those nodes will always be on the network if they want to be.
Your argument is the equivalent of saying that node operators shouldn't have the ability to prevent others from spying on them.
@_date: 2019-04-12 17:56:16
What about people who have sent Bitcoin to Wikileaks and Julian Assange? That probably isn't unlawful, and yet the US/UK governments are treating them as criminals. Those spy nodes might be putting anyone who has donated to them on a "list" somewhere. Similarly for dissidents in other countries.
Do you support spy nodes helping crack down on dissent, including lawful dissent?
@_date: 2019-04-08 21:10:21


Regardless of how carefully it is done, splits can and will still occur for political/ideological reasons. While I think a successful S2X would have been a BCH-killer, it wouldn't have stopped a chain split from occurring. Instead of BCH hard-forking from Bitcoin, "Bitcoin Legacy" would have hard-forked from S2X. If there are two sides of a consensus issue, both with individuals who are unwilling to compromise, then there is no way to avoid a chain split (short of mass organized violence, anyway).
On a side note, S2X shouldn't be conflated with big block fork proposals in general. Big block proposals can be implemented in user consensus-driven ways (like a user-activated fork), but S2X was not user consensus-driven such that it can be considered an attack on the network (businesses plus miners trying to impose their consensus on users). So arguably even (ethical) big block advocates should not support S2X, but should support a user consensus-driven approach instead. BCH was basically this ethical approach (with the exceptions that 1. There wasn't an attempt to keep the BTC/BCH network together [not that this was politically possible]. 2. Their initial difficulty-adjustment algorithm was apparently intended as an attack on Bitcoin, attempting to take all of Bitcoin's hashrate.)
@_date: 2019-04-08 19:49:52
Bitcoin's block weight limit is only as centrally-planned as Bitcoin's halving schedule or any other semi-arbitrary numerical constant in its code. That is to say it is not at all centrally-planned. All of these parameters are consensus-decided which has nothing do do with being centrally-planned.


Orphan rate, while a cost to mining, is the opposite of a check on expansion: it's an *incentive* for expansion for the largest mining pool. The larger the mining pool, the less affected it is by (latency-induced) orphan rates. This provides incentive for the pool to get even larger. This vicious cycle is exactly how GHash.io ended up with 51% of Bitcoin's hashrate back in 2014 (fortunately propagation latency was decreased, averting the crisis).
@_date: 2019-04-08 17:00:55
We don't know the exact optimal block size. The main constraint (imo) is that a medium-sized business should have no problem running a full node. Ideally you'd go further than that such that anyone rich enough to have a broadband Internet connection would also be able to. 4MB block weight (different from 1MB max block *size*) fulfills these conditions. We don't need to find the exact right amount.
Also the process of changing the block size is a fundamentally risky one that can easily lead to the network splitting in two or more pieces, making everyone worse off. Ensuring wide-spread consensus is of utmost importance. There's nothing trivial about changing the block size.
Channel factories are a big way that the fees for opening a channel will (presumably) decrease in the future. These will allow that $100 fee to be split between a number of different people who are opening channels at the same time.
Yes, it sucks that trade-offs exist and it makes progress slow. But we can't just hand-wave away the fundamentally needed properties of the system. Bitcoin full nodes have to be widespread or else Bitcoin will just degenerate into the traditional oligarchic financial system we have today (see Ethereum and EOS, which are quickly approaching this point already).
There's no silver bullet to get both decentralization + scale. There's only trade-offs and hard-won incremental progress.
@_date: 2019-04-08 16:45:29
Their point is that fees are the way to prevent a tragedy of the commons. Without fees it would be a tragedy of the commons (malicious actors would just fill entire blocks with spam, with no recourse possible from honest actors).
@_date: 2019-04-08 22:39:55
Sorry if I worded that poorly. No, anyone with a basic broadband connection can still run a node without much hassle (assuming their monthly bandwidth isn't capped very low by the ISP). We haven't lost that battle yet.
@_date: 2019-04-23 19:07:59
Hm, yeah I guess it does say "Local". I'm not sure exactly what's going on there. You might want to open a bug report against Eclair: 
@_date: 2019-04-23 18:36:00
No reason to be nervous. If you want something to watch, just watch this graph:  . That's all of the queued up transactions that are waiting to be sent (yours is one of them). Once that clears out a bit, your transaction will be sent.
Keep in mind that quickly sending money isn't the main priority of Bitcoin's base layer; security and censorship-resistance are. If you want speed, you can use a layer on top of Bitcoin, the Lightning network (though just remember that Lightning is still very much a beta technology at this point).
@_date: 2019-04-23 18:43:03
Hardware wallets are the best way to store Bitcoin if you don't want to rely on a trusted third party (for example a bank). Your question is similar to "how should I store cash to protect against loss?" The answer is similar, but hard wallets have the additional benefit of allowing you to make (paper) backups, so a single fire/flood or theft won't make you lose your money.
Keep in mind, this assumes that you are storing the equivalent of $200+ of Bitcoin since hardware wallets cost $60+, so they are still to expensive for small amounts of money. For anything less you could just use Electrum or similar software.
@_date: 2019-04-23 19:04:42
What process are your proposing that the supply of gold can rapidly increase in the future? There are only two candidates for this, both a bit outlandish at this point: cost-efficient synthesis of gold in a laboratory or mining asteroids with high gold content.
We have a lot of historical data that shows that the percent increase in the gold supply in a year doesn't really go over 3%, regardless of how much the price of gold increased during that year or the previous year. This is despite gold mining technology continuing to improve over the centuries. Under just conventional gold mining, it isn't plausible that gold's inflation rate will increase rapidly in the future.
@_date: 2019-04-08 21:22:08
The "compromise" was one that neither I nor many Bitcoiners would have agreed to. For a compromise to work, both sides have to agree to it. Nothing could have prevented the split short of killing/imprisoning/crippling all of your small block opponents (or at least the ones who know how to program). 
Even if the S2X attack had succeeded, many people would just switch to a fork that restored the pre-S2X properties of Bitcoin. Either you get BCH forking from Bitcoin or you get "Bitcoin Legacy" forking from (a successful) S2X. At least two separate coins either way.
"Magically convince all opponents to see things the way that I do, or to accept my compromise" isn't a solution. It's magical thinking.
Edit: Note that there are other theoretical big block compromises that I would have agreed to (even though most wouldn't be my preference). Segwit is an example block size increase that I did agree to. S2X, however, was an attempt by businesses and miners to override user preferences.
@_date: 2019-04-08 17:10:03
Block latency doesn't scale down with Moore's Law unfortunately, and is effected by block size increases.
In 2014, GHash.io gained 51% mining pool share due to block latency issues causing a high orphan block rate. Under high network-wide orphan rate, the largest pool will have the lowest orphan rate such that it becomes more profitable, such that more miners mine with them.
Thanks to some heroism from BlueMatt, the relay network was formed, allowing block latency to decrease to non-centralizing levels again, averting the crisis. But there's no guarantee that we wouldn't run up against that again with increasing block sizes.
@_date: 2019-04-08 20:08:10
Sometimes splits are inevitable. If 50% wanted small blocks and were unwilling to compromise and 10% wanted big blocks and were unwilling to compromise then a split was inevitable. "Everyone just do the thing that I want to do" isn't a solution.
@_date: 2019-04-25 17:07:21
Yeah, regardless of being anonymous, being on a litigious person's shit list is just adding a risk factor for becoming deanonymized. Anonymous people unintentionally leave behind clues about  their identity that can be correlated by a dedicated attacker (see DreadPirateRoberts). Avoiding being on a shit list is just one of the many layers of defense an anonymous person might want to protect their anonymity.
That said, if enough people get angry enough that gwern published that article, the tides could turn such that the risk of people suing them for being misled by the article outweighs the risk from being on Craig Wright's shit list. It's a delicate balancing act that gwern has to play now.
@_date: 2019-04-25 17:16:16
Enabling a fraud is a bad thing even if it's just through negligence. Calling out a fraud enabler isn't being a hater and is good for society. And no amount of good articles offsets being a fraud enabler. It's fine to still enjoy (most of) gwern's writings while still looking down on their other behaviors.
@_date: 2019-04-13 17:09:26
There are two general solutions that I see for people storing their Bitcoin securely in the long term:
1. Hardware wallets. I think that you are dismissing this case too easily. Paying $100 or less for a hardware wallet amounts to at lot less money lost to inflation from keeping a moderate amount of fiat in a bank account over a long period.
2. Multi-signature addresses that are shared with a bank. If you and a bank own the respective keys of a 2 of 2 multisig address then the risks of having the bank seize your funds are eliminated, and the risks of you losing access to/destroying your private keys are mitigated. In order to spend the funds both the bank and you must agree to the transaction, similar to how credit cards work today.
What if you lose your key in this scenario, aren't your funds still lost forever? In the simplest scenario, yes, but you can make a 2 of 2 address with fall-back conditions. In this case, you could have it so the bank can unilaterally spend the funds after one month (or however long) such that a new account can be created for you. So you only have to trust the bank if the scenario that you screw up.
What if the bank refuses sign your transactions to send your funds, perhaps because you were trying to send to Wikileaks? You could have a different fallback condition that allows *your* private key to spend the funds unilaterally after a two week wait such that you could transfer to a different bank or into a hardware wallet.
Banks plus good app design can make it so the user experience is relatively seamless so that the technical details of fancy address types are hidden from the user without the user having to trust the bank.
@_date: 2019-04-23 19:28:03
Bugs are for devs :-) . Github is partially intended to help non-devs connect with devs for example on issues like these.
Not sure what the best chat room for Eclair is. It's probably something on IRC.
@_date: 2012-05-19 06:15:22
Pot and beer are both spoilable (and impractical to transport), bitcoins and gold aren't, and paper money isn't in a short time frame. Bitcoins, gold, and paper money are [fungible]( and divisible, favors are not.
See [functions of money](
@_date: 2018-02-02 00:36:31


Each node sets their own fees, and can choose to do this based upon bandwidth costs (or any other metric they want). Nodes can also decide to reject transactions based on any criteria if they want. Note that I don't think any Lightning Network implementations allow this right now, but there's nothing particularly difficult about implementing these features when the need arises (all of the LN implementations are currently alpha software).
This leaves only certain types of denial of service attacks being a major resource-based threat for LN. DoS attacks aren't specific to LN though. Many centralized services are resilient to DoS attacks, and LN, as a decentralized service, will have less difficulty than these. LN will however have more difficulty than L1 Bitcoin with DoS attacks since LN is merely decentralized, not distributed like Bitcoin is.


Bandwidth is dirt cheap. Let's assume an absurdly high cost of [$12 per gigabyte]( The average size of a packet is [~500 bytes](  Let's assume that it takes 10 packets to send an LN payment from one node to its next peer. This means that for $12, an LN node can send 200,000 transactions [ $12 * (1GB/500B) / 10 packets ]. Let's assume that it takes 10 hops for a payment to get to its destination. Then [ $12 / 200,000 transactions * 10 hops ] gives us a price of $0.0006 to send one LN payment across the network. That is with values that are ridiculously biased against LN. The physical costs of LN will not be a problem. (Feel free to point out if I've made any math errors).
@_date: 2019-01-08 00:44:09
I agree with all of your points, but can you try to sound a little less crazy when you say them?
@_date: 2018-02-27 16:50:43
You really need to remove that link. It is all but guaranteed to be a scam. People should NEVER enter their private key into a website. Even if they aren't stealing funds right now, they will as soon as they have reached more people. You are advertising a scam, intentionally or not. Sorry, but I've reported your comment in the hopes of fewer people seeing it.
@_date: 2018-03-03 20:27:22
lnd actually does work with a bitcoind backend. I'd give that a try, it's been less crashy than c-lightning in my experience (which is why I decided to start contributing to them).
Here's the guide for using the bitcoind backend (which I think is the right way to go in general): 
@_date: 2017-09-18 07:42:31
There would probably have to be a separate cryptocurrency on mars (perhaps running almost identical code to bitcoin). The latency issues for having a unified blockchain between Earth and Mars might be insurmountable (much higher orphan rate for miners, for example).
I assume you could then do cross-chain atomic swaps on the lightning network in order to safely trade between the two currencies.
@_date: 2017-09-26 15:32:38
What would stop anyone from backing gold with violence? Or pork belly futures with violence? Or any other financial instrument that is not currently backed with violence with violence? None of these things are fiat currently by the "by decree" definition, and so neither is bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-28 21:16:19
Bitcoin has done fine with its current difficulty adjustment algorithm but the current two attacks on Bitcoin, Bcash's terrible EDA and 2x, both exploit the same weakness: it takes a long time for difficulty to decrease after a large portion of miners leave at the same time. (Note I don't actually know if the effects of Bcash's EDA on Bitcoin are an intention attack or not, just that it functions as one.)
In the event of a consensus-driven hard fork years from now, where multiple different items on the [hard fork wish list]( are bundled together, is there no possibility that an updated difficulty algorithm could also be bundled? Removing the attack surface that both of the most serious attacks on Bitcoin are exploiting doesn't seem unreasonable.
@_date: 2017-09-04 07:30:34
Your laptop won't mine bitcoins quickly nor efficiently enough for that to be worthwhile. Your energy bill will far exceed the penny per week of mining revenue you'll get by mining on your laptop.
You need custom hardware called ASICs and a cheap energy source in order to profitably mine bitcoin. It is unlikely that you will be able to get access to either. Just buy bitcoin instead.
@_date: 2017-10-26 19:51:14


What defines a "reasonable company"? "Reasonable" here is pretty obviously a [weasel word]( Companies like Valve and Overstock accept bitcoin. Which of [these companies]( are "unreasonable" companies? All of them?


You only wait for 2-3 hours if you don't pay a high enough fee, which you will if you use most wallets. The fact that you can choose to have a lower fee if you don't mind a longer confirmation time isn't a deficiency in Bitcoin.


Average transaction fee is not a good metric. Exchanges and other companies tend to batch multiple transactions into one, which is cheaper regardless of what current fee levels are. Large transactions have much higher fees than small ones, even though the cost per output is lower than small ones. Median transaction fee should be used instead since it is not subject to skewing from outliers.


Citation needed. Is this also the source of gold's current price? No? Well then I guess you can have a store of value without being a significant medium of exchange.


No, it's not. Bitcoin is different things at different stages of its development. Even if Bitcoin was only a store of value at this time (which is obviously inaccurate), there's no reason to believe it wouldn't become a medium exchange once lightning networks are rolled out.


This is the only semi-accurate claim you've made in your post. If lightning networks aren't rolled out on a reasonable time frame, then some other cryptocurrency will take Bitcoin's place. Given that Bitcoin's price is on the rise while alt-coins are faltering, it's safe to say that the market thinks Bitcoin will come out as the winner in the medium term.
@_date: 2018-02-27 17:16:59
As I already said, they will faithfully extra people's fork coins for a while, so that people like you will (apparently obliviously) advertise their scam for them! People will eventually trust them enough to not remove their BTC before sending them, regardless of their disclaimer, and someone will use an address that has hundreds of Bitcoin, and they will exit scam. Very similar to what all of the dark net markets end up doing. They all exit scam eventually, even though they are taking a cut of the profits on every drug trade.
It says on their site "WS is highly trusted." But then there is no contact information on their site! If they were highly trusted, why wouldn't they make their identities public? The comments advocating for them on bitcointalk.org are almost all from new accounts, so they could have easily just created them themselves.
You need to stop willfully advertising/defending a scam. It doesn't matter if it worked for you. There is only one primary rule in Bitcoin: don't give people your private key. You are telling people to break that rule. There are other, safer ways to extract those fork coins. It doesn't matter if this one seems more convenient.
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:48:55
There are many countries in the world. Some of them banning Bitcoin is not even close to being fatal. China partially banned Bitcoin recently and Bitcoin's price quickly shrugged it off.
@_date: 2017-10-03 20:13:11
No, it doesn't depend on how you look at it. Words like "contentious" have a meaning which you are conveniently ignoring. There are many businesses and users against the 2x hard fork and all core developers are too. Therefore there is contention and therefore the 2x change is contentious.
All other changes to bitcoin have been made with overwhelming consensus (i.e. the opposite of contention). The fact that consensus was not even sought for this change is highly unprofessional and dangerous. To see how to to properly make a change when there isn't consensus, see how bcash did it through a hard fork with replay protection (as long as you ignore their terrible difficulty adjustment algorithm).


No, combined with segwit it is a 4Mb to 8Mb block size change, bringing it past the established safe block size of 4Mb.
Everything you write appears to be intentionally false or misleading. Also, the smiley face is just obnoxious.
@_date: 2017-10-25 23:58:14
A practical scaling solution becomes impractical when it doesn't have community support and causes a massive schism in the ecosystem. We want Bitcoin to take over the world, but not if that is at the expense of a corporate takeover of Bitcoin. Large changes to Bitcoin need to be made through a consensus model (or through responsible forks). This community was at one point very pro-business, then businesses decided to start making decisions about the future of the Bitcoin protocol without including us. The defense that the community has against this is to stop supporting businesses that try to change Bitcoin without seeking consensus. If that means we lose otherwise good businesses in the short term, but end up with a more resilient Bitcoin in the long term, then so be it.
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:52:38
Here’s the deal. Gold will be nothing but hobby money or monopoly money until I can buy stuff on Amazon directly with Gold and when ADP pays Gold directly to my wallet. 
Your statement is just as absurd as mine. Bitcoin only needs to succeed as a store of value to have succeeded. It doesn't need Amazon nor ADP in order to do that. And there's no reason to believe that once it has become a significant enough store of value, Amazon and ADP wouldn't accept it (as long as we have lightning networks by then).
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:44:57


So much better that the entire currency had to be rolled back due to one faulty contract.
Ethereum's price is stagnating right now as Bitcoin keeps increasing. Complex smart contracts will be part of Bitcoin's layer 2 technologies where they belong, not in Bitcoin's core.
@_date: 2017-10-27 18:22:06
Efficient channel-path-searching isn't a prerequisite for rolling out LN. It is a nice to have feature, and will become essential in the long run, but LN will provide considerable benefit without having it in place. Point-to-Point LN transactions are valuable enough. There will be many large technical challenges over LN's lifetime, but they all be attempted after the Minimum Viable Product is rolled out.
@_date: 2017-10-03 23:09:38


Core isn't even close to being the only entity opposing it. And it doesn't matter who is making it contentious, near-consensus should be reached for major "upgrades" and it hasn't been with 2X.


Hm, not caring what damage is done to those who object to 2X and not respecting their wishes about what chain to follow. Sure sounds like something one might call an "attack" to me. Why should any non-malicious person support an attack on the bitcoin network and its users? Ah! Maybe it is only malicious entities (and a few confused people) that support 2X? Maybe you are one such malicious actor!


So am I. Bitcoin blocks are over 1Mb right now thanks to Segwit. 2X would increase their size to a maximum of 8Mb. Whatever concept you are trying to refer to when you say 1Mb or 2Mb is no longer existent. Only block weight exists now.
@_date: 2017-10-27 17:46:23
Settling every now and then is not settling frequently as you originally said. If they settle every 10 transactions, then the network scales 5x. If they settle every 1000 transactions, then the network scales 500x.
Not being commercially available yet is not the same as being vaporware. You're just saying that it is vaporware because you want it to be vaporware. There's no large technical obstacle to rolling out LN. It is conceptually simple. The only obstacle at this point is developer time, not whether it will actually be rolled out or not.
@_date: 2017-10-14 16:23:10
If Bitcoin becomes fully successful, then it's price will increase at approximately the same rate as the global population (around 2% per year).
If Bitcoin fails or becomes small and irrelevant, then it's price won't increase at all.
In the mean time it hasn't succeeded nor failed, and it's unclear how far it will go, so we get wild increases and decreases in price. That's not permanent.
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:53:34
Why do you think lightning networks won't make transaction fees negligible within the next few years?
@_date: 2017-10-27 17:17:16


That's incorrect. You never have to settle on chain if neither party wants to.


That's incorrect. An LN channel can be set to any arbitrary size. As long as you have a certain amount of bitcoin, you can create a channel of up to that size. At some point in the future you will likely be able to increase the size of a channel past the original size the channel was created with.
@_date: 2017-10-27 18:39:55


You shifted your argument from "no reasonable company will accept [Bitcoin]" to "there is limited demand for merchants to accept Bitcoin at this time". I assume that is because I demonstrated that "reasonable" companies are in fact accepting Bitcoin, but you didn't want to acknowledge that. I made no argument about the actual number of transactions to these merchants nor about whether new merchants will accept it in the near future. Please avoid trying to change the topic in the future.


You used average rather than median again. All of the transactions with a 0 or 1 satoshi fee greatly distort that graph. If you pay the fee suggested by a wallet, you will with high probability confirm in one block.


I'll admit that is higher than I thought it was considering the highest fee I've paid in the last few months was $0.40, and I've never had to wait for a second block to get my first confirmation.


Forks of Bitcoin don't in general devalue Bitcoin any more than a new altcoin devalues Bitcoin or a new government currency devalues the USD. The exceptions to this are if the fork causes miners to switch to the new fork.




Gold didn't need that in order to succeed. New uses emerged over the course of its history. But Bitcoin has had clear primary goals from the start. That is a separate from whether all of the technology to accomplish those goals fully exists yet. Just as the coin that you are attempting to pump, Ethereum, doesn't have proof of stake yet, Bitcoin doesn't have lightning networks. I don't hold the present lack of PoS against Ethereum, so why do you hold the current lack of LN against Bitcoin? You seem to have a double standard. Innovation doesn't happen over night, and it's unreasonable to expect it to. Having bumps on the road is not the same as "bitcoin [being] a unusable mess".


That must be why the B1X and B2X futures markets show B1X as the clear leader despite miners overwhelmingly signaling for B2X. And why miners are starting to abandon B2X, despite their 2x super majority.
@_date: 2018-04-06 16:57:15
Any multi-signature address in Bitcoin is a smart contract (requiring two of three signers to approve before funds are moved), opening a Lightning channel is a smart contract. Smart contracts are ubiquitous and useful in the Bitcoin ecosystem.
@_date: 2018-04-07 04:22:22
Unlike in base bitcoin transactions, you must be online in order to receive Lightning transactions. For online merchants, this isn't a problem since they need to be online all time time anyway. For end users, who many go offline for days at a time, this is a problem. Receiving payments offline is not intended to be Lightning's strong point, and so Eclair's mobile wallet doesn't attempt to accommodate that use case at this time.
In the not so near future, solutions will be devised to work around this protocol limitation, but there's unlikely to be any trustless solution to this within the next year. Maybe Eclair will implement the ability to receive payments when you are *online* within the next year or so. We'll see.
@_date: 2018-04-27 21:56:36
None of which are implemented currently, so it isn't accurate to say that "2nd layer solutions like LN can be used on BCH..". You could say that "in some potential futures for BCH, LN could be used on top of it given a malleability fix" and then you would make an accurate, but different statement.
@_date: 2018-04-22 07:18:36
Using the Lightning Network *is* "just using Bitcoin".
@_date: 2013-04-24 16:58:58
I would expect better than that, but I still wouldn't suggest people move their money out of blockchain.info the website.
@_date: 2013-04-05 06:17:01
Unless one of them "won" in which case it would be weakening and destabilizing the bitcoin economy...
@_date: 2013-04-24 16:12:14
Blockchain.info stores your encrypted wallet, and your encrypted private key, and all the decryption is done on the client's side. This means you can't just lump it in with all the other online wallets that do store a private key. If you get the browser extension that verifies that the decryption JavaScript has not been tampered with, then the only way for someone to access your funds is by keylogging or bruteforcing your password.
The weak link here was not Blockchain.info, it was their Android App which stores passwords in plaintext. Blockchain.info is still quite safe to use as a wallet.
@_date: 2019-05-30 01:50:27
Can't you just redirect users to r/bitcoinmemes instead and ban them here? Would that really be a big loss? Is the only reason not to do this the fact that there would be some level of backlash?
@_date: 2013-12-07 20:19:24
Do you not even read the posts here before saying that? There are small business owners posting here all the time about wanting to accept bitcoin. They did basic research before arriving here, but still get further questions answered here. There is a post on the r/bitcoin front page right as you've stated this, despite most of the front page being currently crowded out by image macros:
Another one I missed before:
@_date: 2013-12-04 04:18:58
And he's saying that people will naturally shorten things in conversation to the names he stated, similar to how Canadian two dollar coins are called "toonies" in conversational English.
millibitcoins becomes millies, microbitcoins become mickies.
@_date: 2013-05-07 15:58:43
This has nothing to do with defensiveness. There seem to be on average 3 posts that are identical to yours per week. Commenters are bored by it, not made defensive by it.
@_date: 2013-04-05 17:26:47
How much does the fluctuation in bitcoin price matter to Steam if they use Bitpay. Hint: there's an obvious answer.
@_date: 2013-03-19 13:35:12
There were giant bid walls at $48 and $50. Until these were destroyed, bitcoin price remained the same, even though there were more new buys than sells over the last week. These walls were finally torn down yesterday which means that buys now equate to higher bitcoin value, rather than just equating to nibbles against the price wall.
@_date: 2013-04-17 14:47:18
Talk to the mods, your post inevitably was a false positive in the spam filter. They'll be able to unban it.
@_date: 2013-04-17 17:30:20
No problem. Check out the list of moderators on the sidebar at the right. You'll see a "message the moderators" link right above their usernames.
@_date: 2013-08-09 15:56:24


How much do you have to go short in order for a simultaneous DDOS of these three exchanges to be profitable?
@_date: 2013-03-19 13:57:12
CPU mining will never be profitable as CPUs are completely outcompeted by GPUs and ASICs. For CPUs, electricity and machine costs will be greater than mining yield.
If you want to get into mining at this point, you have to go with ASICs like those from  . Mining is quite the commitment these days.
@_date: 2013-04-23 00:29:17
Well the massive risk is born by BitPay, not by the retailer. If the retailer posts a price of $100, it doesn't matter what else happens to the exchange rate or on the client's or Bitpay's side, the retailer gets paid $100.
@_date: 2013-04-24 16:16:42
OP lost his money not because of blockchain.info (the website), but because of their Android App which stores passwords in plaintext (the only way you can have a "passwordless" payments app). If OP hadn't used that app (and given other programs root permissions to his device), then OP would still have his money.
@_date: 2013-03-24 21:17:26
Don't keep your bitcoins in Mt. Gox. Going with your own wallet on your computer or Blockchain.info is much safer. If Mt. Gox is hacked, you lose your money. If Blockchain.info is hacked, nothing happens. The attackers get your encrypted wallet and password-encrypted private key, neither of which they can do anything with (assuming you used a strong password).
@_date: 2013-03-20 05:33:59
I don't think local is an option for many people who are serious about bitcoins. Who wants to carry around thousands of dollars on the street and exchange it with someone who may or may not be scamming you out of your money? At least there is someone you has a well established reputation and you can sue if you are scammed by Coinbase. That recourse doesn't really exist with local transactions.
@_date: 2013-03-20 05:57:02
Not very many, but that doesn't justify the risk of being robbed or scammed. I won't claim I know the solution for maximizing security, anonymity, and potential for large and timely transactions.
@_date: 2013-09-20 16:17:48
Silk Road is still doing great? Pray tell, how do you explain that according to your "logic"?
@_date: 2013-04-23 00:16:09
Adoption of any new technology is not instantaneous. Bitcoin has only been in the public sphere for under two months. Credit cards certainly took longer than a month to reach full adoption, and they had large corporations backing them from the start.
Lower transaction fees have always been a need from a retailer's perspective. If Bitpay and similar services offer lower fees than credit cards with no exchange rate risk, then Bitcoin has an objective advantage for retailers.
@_date: 2013-05-10 07:20:57
I downvoted.
1. It is not 100% true. Part of the appeal of any new thing is its place in history. Just because mmcakes doesn't like that it was anarchists started bitcoin and are still a prominent portion of its users, doesn't mean anyone should censor that for his/her benefit.
2. He/she is being a dick about it. He/she calls the beliefs of bitcoin's founders and current largest demographic "extreme ideologies" while ignoring that many people find some of his listed ideologies like Marxism and Socialism "extreme ideologies". I don't call anyone's political ideologies "extreme" because unlike OP, I'm not a dick.
3. This thread is unnecessarily partisan because OP started it off that way for aforementioned reasons.
4. OP's quote "Thanks! People only want to hear what they want to hear." is particularly ridiculous considering OP is advocating censoring the current state of bitcoin's demographics for his/her own personal convenience, suggesting that OP is guiltiest of what he/she accuses others of.
@_date: 2013-08-09 17:15:26
How much do you have to pay for the DDOS in order to meet the terms of the default condition I listed above?
@_date: 2013-03-20 16:34:15
But we don't have alternatives to many government-provided services. It is, for example, very difficult to make a private highway. This is not because it is a technically or financially difficult task for a private entity, but rather because the legal/regulatory environment seldom permits it in most countries. If you take Japan, on the other hand, most of their transit (railroads) are private. There are no taxes necessary to fund them. Only people that use the service are charged, and they are charged proportional to their usage, like any other private good.
The point is that paying for a government service is not morally equivalent to paying for a private one, since you have a choice of whether to opt into the private one or not.
@_date: 2013-04-25 16:01:03
I put some of my money in bitcoin. Bitcoin's price went up. I want to realize these gains, but the capital gains tax is prohibitive on investments that haven't been held for a year. This means that the best way to realize these gains is to spend my bitcoins, not convert them back to fiat. Every part of this process is very practical.
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:55:42
The price of bitcoin is roughly proportional to the number of users it has. If the number of users increases, then the price increases. If bitcoin ever becomes used for 1% of online transactions, the price will have risen dramatically from $250. This is what happens when the supply of a currency is finite.
This means that statements like "bitcoin is definitely in a bubble right now" are ridiculous. The only way you could say that is if you have knowledge that bitcoin will certainly fail (permanently) at some point.