@_author: merfstick
@_date: 2017-11-18 09:52:50
Value is an abstract concept; QM is literally the physical universe. Of course atoms can have value, but value doesn't abide by electromagnetic properties in any but the most pedantic and esoteric ways. The meaning we ascribe to money, or even acts like clicking on a page isn't a wavefunction any more than shoving something up my ass is a wavefunction. 
Do you see how quickly you diverted? You have time to write this shit out, but none to explain to me exactly what you meant by:


By buying at some price, he contributed volume and gave it some price support/resistance.
HUP has little to nothing to do with the impossibility of ascribing zero value to something. I could see how *maybe* relativity is what you were going for, but it's clear that you're trying to sound much more informed than you are. Complementarity deals with mutual exclusivity, which says nothing about how we value things in monetary terms. 
You're a fucking hack. 
@_date: 2017-11-18 17:16:52


If the value of something is 0 and it existed nowhere then the object in question simply doesn't exist. If such a situation can even exist is a philosophical question, as as soon as you think about something, it will technically exist and have value, but even such a question doesn't support your point. There are plenty of things that don't exist yet. The most glaring problem with your stance, though, is that you're conflating physical momentum (what QM is explicitly concerned with) with abstract momentum (what we're willing to pay for something).
A Crunch bar in my hand is valued at a dollar. In this case, the *accuracy* of the value is not directly impacted by the space it is taking up. One position (my hand) does not change the accuracy of the other (a dollar). You might argue that supply and demand would change the value, as in transporting that Crunch bar from my hand to yours across a distance of space would require energy, and thus, the value of the Crunch bar to *you* might increase (hence, relative location impacts the value), but that doesn't mean that the *accuracy* of either claim of value is altered. It just means it's value unstable and susceptible to fluctuation. 
Say there's a Crunch bar equal distance apart from each of us. You know that I value the Crunch bar at a dollar. Maybe we both know that 300 million people agree that the Crunch bar is worth a dollar. But you don't like Crunch bars- you like Snickers, so you to you, the Crunch bar is worth less than a dollar. Maybe only $.50. There's nothing 'local' or 'non-local' about this measurement. No FTL travel of information is happening, and your ascription of value is totally independent of mine. There's nothing markedly quantum about this situation (except for the intrinsic quantumness that happens everywhere in the universe happening inside the Crunch bar, which may or may not even be relevant on our scales, ie the incongruity of QM and GR), hence, the pretension of your claim.  
To act as though our abstract systems of value abide by the same rules as the quantum effects of the universe is like saying ideas have gravity. It might be a good metaphor, but there's no innate connection to be made. 
@_date: 2017-11-18 01:46:43
How the fuck does Complimentarity have anything to do with 1) "thinking itself" (that is actually founded in neuro research) or 2) value (as it pertains to economic systems)? HUP and Complimentarity literally describe the physical underpinnings of subatomic existence, or at least how we can know of it. I can see using it as a metaphor for abstract economic value (which is pretentious at best), but you seem to be stating something far more than that. 
I'm not a quantum expert, but I have a knack for sniffing out when people are bullshitting on the subject. This smells. I mean, you started with HUP, then jumped to EPR and Complimentarity within the span of 2 sentences while avoiding actually having to explain yourself. You're acting as though your insertion of QM into the semiotics of econmic value speaks for itself. It doesn't come close. 
Value is nothing like a subatomic particle. A measurement of it in one dimension doesn't change the accuracy of a measurement in another. 