@_author: meshcollider
@_date: 2017-12-27 11:36:57
I'm not sure where you get this idea of centralizing middlemen from. Open a channel with whoever you want. Good image: 
@_date: 2017-12-27 11:10:17
Tonnes of the lead figures like laanwj (the lead maintainer), cfields, jonasschnelli (GUI maintainer), etc. do not work for either Blockstream or Chaincode labs. There are a lot of other independent volunteer developers too. Like promag, fanquake, petertodd, practicalswift, me, achow101, the list goes on.... And as others have already mentioned, most of the contributors to core worked on core, often for many years, before being hired by those companies. Just because someone is employed somewhere doesn't mean they must suddenly follow some hidden company agenda. There is still no majority control, and as much transparency as possible, despite what some people would have you think
@_date: 2017-12-29 22:14:58
Check out Murch's post here with a bit of early analysis of the testnet LN topology 
@_date: 2017-09-26 00:49:19


As Greg, Matt, midnightmagic, esotericnonsense and others have said, this is completely inaccurate. The 2x altcoin is an attempt to undermine what Bitcoin is, and I haven't talked to a single active core developer who will ever be willing to work on an altcoin like that. So because of the one-man-dev-team S2Xcoin has, and the high, high probability that it's going to stay that way even after the fork, it's just not going to be successful. And if for some insane reason it really did manage to gain more community support between now and then, the developers simply would move on to other things, certainly not to the altcoin which caused such a failure of what they stood for, and then what would Jeff Garzik have left to rebase new versions on?
All this speculation is pointless anyway, come November it'll be clear S2Xcoin has nothing to stand on, and it'll become another old news fork attempt like all the others. Bitcoin and the community are stronger than these attempts to hurt it.
