@_author: metallicchrysalis2
@_date: 2015-08-12 22:04:42
Of course it can be.  The status quo of the Sega Genesis is obsolete.  If nothing is done, 1 MB will remain the status quo for bitcoin, and it will be obsolete because it can only handle 7 transactions a second.
@_date: 2015-08-13 18:25:18
Banks provide a huge variety of services that bitcoin doesn't offer.  Traditional "banking" is actually a money losing ventures for the big banks now.  The make money off things like servicing mortgages, asset management, etc...
@_date: 2015-08-12 21:44:13
A change to 8 MB is "technically unsound"?  Really?  The strongest argument I've read against the hard fork is simply that hard forks are scary.  The vast majority of bitcoin users and experts recognize the need for an increase to support more than 7 transactions per second with continued low transaction costs.  Most of the people against it are miners who want higher fees.
@_date: 2015-08-12 21:37:31
Incorrect.  The moderator is apparently banning ALL discussion of hard forks and even discussion of XT (which is how you might hope to eventually achieve a broad consensus.)  
@_date: 2015-08-13 16:19:36
So....what's the argument?  1 MB supports 7 transactions per second; BTC will soon surpass that.  Seems like a no-brainer to allow BTC to handle more transactions.
The counterarguments I've heard are 1. Hard forking is scary, and 2. Use fees to decide which transactions get into the block.  The latter is obviously in the interest of miners and against everyone else's interest, and might even price BTC out of the microtransaction market.
@_date: 2015-08-19 15:06:43
Not a good explanation.  If it was just a flash crash that caused the price to be lower, the price would rebound fully within a couple hours.  Flash crash effects don't linger very long.  There are real sellers causing the price to fall.
@_date: 2015-08-19 17:19:04
Bitcoin incorporates within it the hard fork as a tool for its evolution.  Calling a hard fork of bitcoin an "alt coin" makes no sense.  Your childish censorship is being widely covered in the media, and simply makes you look like your ideas don't hold up to scrutiny.
@_date: 2015-08-12 21:42:04
Crazy but true...bitcoin can currently only support 7 transactions per second.  The first computers were outdated within a few years, and every new computer that gets produced is comically obsolete within a decade.
@_date: 2015-08-19 14:59:58
No at all.  The car broke.  Don't you remember 12+ hours to confirm transactions recently?  The better analogy is one dude at the sidelines with actual code to hopefully prevent bitcoin from becoming hopelessly obsolete and useless in the next year versus a bunch of core devs arguing over details as the car burns to ashes.
@_date: 2015-08-19 17:12:48
"suggesting" and "lobbying" shut down debate?  Aren't those actually parts of a debate?  
@_date: 2015-08-14 15:13:24
The "spend money I don't have" is really separate and you could also do that with BTC once a company starts offering BTC loans.  I don't know the Google purchase protection business model or how they can afford to offer that.  I've never tried to do a chargeback through them.
@_date: 2015-08-17 20:20:27
I get that.  A lot of the agitation against the core devs comes from the sense that doing nothing is scarier than doing something.  Bitcoin can survive short-lived "disasters."  We just survived what was basically a DDOS attack in which my own transactions took more than 12 hours to get confirmed.  We survived a single minin pool controlling more than half the hashing power.  We survived a 75% plunge in price.  What bitcoin can't survive is a loss of faith in its ability to evolve.  What VC is going to invest in, say, a microtransaction platform if they're concerned that bitcoin won't be able to handle the necessary transactions a year from now?    As an amateur, casual bitcoin investor and user, the debate to me looked like:  Mike Hearn: "we need bigger blocks to handle more transactions", core devs: "hard forks are too scary."  I'm not saying that's accurate, but that's how the debate was perceived by most of the world who are casual readers of bitcoin news from sources like Coindesk and Reddit.  Finally we're getting some concrete alternatives like BIP100.  I'm not a technical expert, and I don't know what's best.  I *know* that inaction will kill bitcoin however.  Bitcoin could easily become the Myspace of cryptocurrency if it's not careful.
@_date: 2015-08-17 19:52:29
What "process" are you talking about?  
What good are "leading researchers" if they don't submit code?
@_date: 2015-08-13 20:50:29
Credit cards also provide a lot of extra services like fraud protection...how much would you pay to have the option of reversing a BTC payment to a merchant who failed to deliver your goods?
@_date: 2015-08-06 17:04:24
Using bitcoin comes with a huge number of negatives.  First, as we've seen over the block size debate, it's incredibly difficult to make even "minor" changes to improve the technology.  A technology that stagnates dies, and it looks like the bitcoin blockchain might stagnate.
Second, bitcoin comes with a bunch of legal ramifications; anti-money laundering issues, the politics of potentially holding a bitcoin last held by a terrorist or arms dealer etc.  
Third, bitcoin is controlled by a handful of mining pools, has been subjected to numerous hacks, and has a million of Satoshi's coins sitting in limbo.  Lots of extraneous distractions for many of the purposes that companies want to use the blockchain for.
@_date: 2015-08-17 19:24:48
Hearn doesn't get any keys.  The only benefit or control he gets is reputational, the same as any major contributor to bitcoin's development.  And insofar as we're going to give *someone* a voice of power in this community, I'd prefer it to be someone who actually submits concrete code for the community's approval to keep bitcoin evolving.
@_date: 2015-08-13 01:07:57
Where are these "experts"?  Why don't I come across their well reasoned arguments anywhere?  
@_date: 2015-08-12 21:40:23
No, the opposite.  Fork when the status quo becomes obsolete.
@_date: 2015-08-17 21:25:43
The better analogy would be for maintenance work on a building that already exists.  If you take too long to do your planning, the building will crumble.  Non-action = destruction in both maintaining an existing building and an existing technology.
@_date: 2015-08-13 17:17:50
Then you'd have to compare all that to all of the waste generated and resources consumed by everyone who uses bitcoin...
@_date: 2015-07-28 21:20:08
Prostitute yourself to strangers on localbitcoins
@_date: 2015-07-28 15:43:43
I trust Citibank more than I trust a pool operator in China.  I wish bitcoin was truly decentralized but in parts of 2014 2 pool operators controlled 60%+ hashing power.
@_date: 2015-07-28 15:42:47
You make some basic mistakes here.  First, fiat's value doesn't derive from our "belief" it derives from prison cells and guns.  You **must** pay your taxes in fiat or you go to jail.  It doesn't matter if you have a mountain have bitcoin and gold and real estate, if you have no dollars come tax day, you go to prison.  
Second, you can't really talk about bitcoin having an advantage in the fraud department, when a much larger percentage of bitcoin transactions are fraudulent today than credit card transactions.  Between Mt. Gox and smaller exchange thefts and cryptolocker ransomware, plus simple mistakes that many users make that result in bitcoins being lost forever (like USB drives becoming corrupted over time), credit card transactions are currently much more secure in practice than BTC.  
Also, bitcoin can't be sent instantly.  For example, during the spam attack, it took more than 24 hours for my transfer of 5 BTC to be completed, despite the fact that I had a $0.05 fee attached.  Even when things are working fine, it usually takes at least 10+ minutes for a single confirmation, and zero-confirmation transactions are not secure and have frequently been reversed in the past.
@_date: 2015-08-12 19:45:13
Technologies that can't adapt and continue to change and grow...die.  Freezing bitcoin as a 2011 technology will doom it to certain obsolescence.  The world needs something like bitcoin, but if bitcoin can't adapt to fill changing needs, something will.  
This is a certainty: either bitcoin will continue to evolve (via hard forks) or it will fail.  
@_date: 2015-09-21 16:44:06
I agree; they can't fully eliminate the existence of cryptocurrencies, similar to how they can't fully stamp out heroin importation into the US.  But they can successfully keep it at the fringe of society, and functionally irrelevant.  They can prevent cryptocurrencies from becoming widely adopted.  The one area they might not be able to prevent them from causing harm to their control is in capital controls; the very wealthy might be able to use cryptocurrency to transfer large amounts of money outside of the country.  For the US this is irrelevant - we have basically no capital controls, but it matters a lot for China and Russia.
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:17:11
What about in a democracy?  If not, can you point out a society without a government?
@_date: 2015-09-22 18:27:59
It's 100% likely if they choose to do so...it was recently revealed that the NSA was intercepting CISCO server installation CDs in the mail, installing malware, and then forwarding them on.  NSA has backdoors into just about everything.  And even if they didn't, how hard do you think it is to find *someone* working at a server farm to install malware for a million bucks?
@_date: 2015-09-21 23:39:24
1. You're making the same mistake about freedom to arrive.  It's like saying that because my neighbor won't let me live in his house, I lack freedom.   For some reason you seem to think that movement is an entitlement.
2. No, I'm right about what most people believe.  Go ahead and test it.  Ask a random adult, "do you support the idea of living in a democratic society in which people have rights and responsibilities based on mutually agreed upon social standards."  I'd bet a lot of money that more than 95% say yes.
3.  In your last 4 posts, you've provided zero evidence and made zero logical arguments.  Your only response to my explanation of freedoms was an ad hominem about how you think I'm stupid.  So...I'm done with you.  I hope you get help before your delusions become full blown schizophrenia.  
@_date: 2015-09-30 19:53:25
That's what's so miraculous about capitalism.  A ton of greedy jerks pursuing their own self-interest somehow end up producing massive wealth and innovation and medical discoveries that benefit everyone.  People always forget - in capitalism, you don't get rich by doing what you want.  You get rich by providing services and products that other people want.  I don't care if my lifesaving drug or my iphone was invented by a company that just wanted to make money, I'm just happy they were invented and are for sale.
@_date: 2015-09-21 23:03:53
Yes, every inch of the inhabited planet is filled with delusional people.  You alone see the truth.  You're like that kid from sixth sense.  
@_date: 2015-09-21 21:33:03
You must have missed the headlines about entrepreneurs and big companies abandoning bitcoin because they the lack of scalability imperils many projects.  You can't wait until the problem is at hand before fixing it - the uncertainty about whether the problem will be fixed is enough to discourage the people who would implement the new business models that would fill the blocks.
@_date: 2015-09-21 23:28:02
Found the Goldman Sachs employee paid to disparage all bitcoin innovation.  
@_date: 2015-09-21 16:09:04
OP doesn't understand that bitcoin could be easily shut down by the US government any time they want.  It'd be very easy for them to simply co-opt the majority of hashing power (via bribes, hacking, or coercion), and destroy bitcoin.  
@_date: 2015-09-22 00:53:21
Sure, I thought this was a debate over social contract.  I'm not very familiar with anarcho-capitalists, but most libertarians still believe in a social contract, just a different one.  
I think the reason we've never seen the "third way" in practice, is the same reason communism inevitably fails - human nature.  In a democracy, most people will vote for bigger government to benefit themselves (correctly or not).
@_date: 2015-09-21 16:18:01
You wrote, "and they're doing anything they can to stop it?"  I'm noting that no one is doing everything they can to stop bitcoin or bitcoin would be stopped.  Banks have lobbied for regulation of bitcoin but not its destruction.  China, Russia, the NSA, or really any large government or hyper wealthy individual could destroy bitcoin, but they've chosen not to, at least so far.
@_date: 2015-09-23 19:02:56
Bitcoin itself isn't hackable (meaning you can't calculate a private key from a public key.)  But the everything surrounding bitcoin is hackable.  For example, if you store your private key on a piece of a paper in a safe, someone can crack open the safe, steal your private key, and then they have your bitcoins.  Similarly, someone can hack the computer that's running the mining software, and redirect the mined bitcoins to a new public key.  They're not hacking bitcoin in that scenario, but the mining software, or the host computer.
@_date: 2015-09-21 16:09:43
@_date: 2015-09-16 14:51:02
I thought of one last very simple way to explain the difference between consensus as a result and consensus of opinion.
How many people need to agree that a particular bitcoin proposal is the best to achieve consensus?  Answer: zero.  Consider this scenario:  A big name developer (like Garzik) proposes a hard fork that will increase the blocksize cap to 20 MB.  he thinks that is ideal.  Another developer thinks 10mb is ideal and proposes that.  A 3rd thinks 5mb is ideal and proposes that.  And another thinks 1mb is just fine.  Garzik is gaining a bit of support, and the 5mb and 10mb guys think that 20mb is superior to 1mb, and they decide that their own proposals will not garner enough support, so they throw their support go Garzik's 20mb proposal.  Now the developers in favor of 1 mb get worried and realize that garzik might win and they *really* don't want a 20mb cap.  So, they make a new proposal for 2mb and manage to win over the 5mb and 10mb guys who become convinced that while 2mb is too low, it's preferable to 20mb which is too high.  So, the new proposal that wins 70%+ support from the community is for 2mb, even though not a single person thinks 2mb is the best option.  As soon as the hard fork starts being implemented, 99.9% of the miners and wallet maintainers switch over, not because they are in favor of the 2mb block, but simply because they recognize that it is the future.  They don't want to mine on dead chains.  So you achieve 99.9% consensus for a policy that no person actually thinks is ideal.
This analogy is largely how legislation gets passed, and why you so often get 80%+ of congress voting for legislation that none of them particularly love.  Once it's clear that an omnibus bill is going to pass in a particular form, the congressman can only vote yes/no on that bill, and even if they think the bill is far from perfect, they realize it will pass, and a "yes" vote will help them politically with their constituents or their colleagues.  
@_date: 2015-09-15 17:11:02
He knew that changing anything would get more difficult of course...when he first created bitcoin code he could unilaterally fork it at will.  What's your point?  Changing anything gets progressively harder as more people are involved and Satoshi explicitly said he expected forks to continue letting bitcoin develop long into the future.
@_date: 2015-09-21 18:58:50
I feel like I'm in the 6th grade, and the "smart kid" is explaining why democracy is flawed.  The author of your link is just stating the obvious, things that everyone knows and acknowledges, as though they're revelations.  We all know there are serious problems with capitalism, democracy, and social contract theory.  But we stick with them, because they work better than anything else.  Life is analog, not digital.
@_date: 2015-09-15 19:25:22
You're mixing the current situation with our interpretation of what Satoshi predicted.  I don't know why you're doing that.
First, "consensus" of many competing actors is often a lot easier than it looks.  That's why the economy works.  Millions of independent economic actors, mostly motivated by greed, somehow come together to form a relatively smooth and functional economic system.  The miracle of the "invisible hand" described by Adam Smith.  From the insane entropy, we somehow get a relatively simple and predictable system.  It is indeed strange and counter-intuitive, but it happens in many systems.
  Same happens in politics.  In the US, we have 2 parties representing at the very least, dozens of contradictory political stances.  Yet somehow we have a "working" political system.  If "consensus" means getting 100% of people to agree, then of course it's impossible.  Satoshi obviously didn't mean 100% agreement by the word "consensus", he wasn't an idiot.  
@_date: 2015-09-21 16:10:57
This is cute.  I've heard the same, "the jig is up" every year for the last 20 years with the same argument.  
@_date: 2015-09-21 18:54:12
Nah, that's not how the NSA works.  It would take them a couple weeks to bribe/coerce/hack the largest mining pools.  They would simultaneously spread disinformation, such that no one would know what's going on.  You'd have some of the most respected bitcoin celebrities saying the "government" blockchain is actually the real one, and the real one is the government one.  You'd have total confusion.
@_date: 2015-09-21 22:18:15
You start off by admitting you don't understand what I've written (it's only "babble" to you), and then you try to dissect it.  Silly.
 I said the same thing in several different ways, hoping one of them would get through to you.  None of them succeeded, so let me try a simple, fact based argument.
There are 196 countries in the world.  Every inch of inhabited land on the planet is filled with societies.  Each has 1 of 2 bases: military rule or social contract.  This fact is strong empirical evidence that *something* about human nature leads to one of these two outcomes for groups of people to function together.  The limitations and criticisms of social contract are the same as criticizing any other starting condition as unfair.  You can just as readily say it's unfair that some people are born taller than others.  There is a fundamental "unfairness" to life that can't be eliminated.  Social contract minimizes it.  An abstract critique about social contract theory is purely hollow rhetoric until it enters the practical sphere of human behavior and acknowledges that *any* societal underpinning must deal with the fact that people are born with different privileges.
@_date: 2015-09-21 16:12:55
bitcoin could be easily shut down by the US government any time they want. It'd be very easy for them to simply co-opt the majority of hashing power (via bribes, hacking, or coercion), and destroy bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:38:16
I was the "smart kid" in this example in 6th grade.  And then I learned a bit more.  I learned that life is analog, not digital.  And then you can attack a system or idea all you want, but if you can't find a better alternative, you should realize that's the reason society sticks with the flawed idea is because it's still better than anything else.
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:27:33
And you also didn't have any say in which body you'd be born into or what parents you were born to.  Tough Sh**t.
@_date: 2015-09-21 22:52:35
Don't confuse lack of resources for lack of freedom.  The fact that no one will give me a free flight out of the country doesn't mean that I lack the freedom to leave.  The fact that I'm not tall enough to play pro basketball doesn't mean that I lack the freedom to compete.  The fact that I am not a skilled surgeon doesn't mean that I lack the freedom to practice medicine at a hospital, rather I lack the skill.  The fact that no one will buy my awesome novel doesn't mean that I lack the freedom to be a novelist.  
Also, it's not a tiny minority.  41 million Americans are first generation immigrants, and another 40 million are 2nd generation.  A decent percentage of those (my grandfather included) made the trip with zero resources, just a small sack containing a couple days' food and 2 sets of clothes.   And "tax farms"?  about 50% of Americans pay zero federal income taxes, and receive *far* more in benefits than they pay in taxes.  
@_date: 2015-09-21 23:50:21
I'm sorry, I only speak English.  To the extent I was able to understand your agrammatical ramblings, I think you wanted me to engage in a logical debate?  I've already spent a few paragraphs explaining why that is stupid.  It's like you're asking me to debate the existence of gravity, and refuse to acknowledge that both of us are being held to the ground by it.
You are writing your comment from a country with a social contract system in place.  I know this, because *all* stable countries have a social contract system in place.  All of the criticisms of social contract in your link are correct...and irrelevant.  Read this closely:  BECAUSE THERE IS NO ALTERNATIVE.
@_date: 2015-09-21 22:40:11
You keep changing your story.  First you appeal to general standards (e.g. adults believe xx and I'm immature for failing to think like most adults) and then you say the basically everyone in the world is a mediocre sheep, and only you and your brilliant reddit brethren understand the truth.  
Here's a hint.  When you find yourself thinking that most of the world (including all of the most brilliant thinkers throughout history) disagree with you, it may be that they simply understand something that you don't.  In this case, the piece you're missing is that you haven't though through the alternatives.  We all understand your objections, but we've gotten past that.  It's like the world is on stage 5 and you're stuck on stage 2 of political thought.  You're like the kid who asks his daddy, "why doesn't the government eliminate poverty by just giving everyone more money."  
@_date: 2015-09-21 21:16:09
Bitcoin is 6 years old.  If it takes more than 6 months to make a minor change, it has little hope.  Technologies adapt or get replaced.  Bitcoin is likely to become the Friendster of crypto unless the community gets its act together.  
@_date: 2015-09-23 02:12:22
Reddit has a lot of groupthink.  I enjoy challenging peoples' default views.  The irony is that most of my "trolling" is just offering popular national viewpoints that reddit doesn't share.  Like making the standard pro-life argument and pointing out that 40% of American women are pro-life.  That one got downvoted hard.
@_date: 2015-09-21 19:31:37
I'd ask a different question.  You have a planet with 196 separate autonomous nation-states.  Each and every one of those regions has chosen to form nation-states underpinned by social contract.  Even bush tribes in Africa or "lost" tribes in Brazil have social structures with social contracts.  Why is it that every independent group ends up choosing to engage in a social contract?
The practical answer to your question is that you can go to the few places on the planet that are uninhabited.  Since every inhabited place has chosen to engage in a social contract.  So go live on Antarctica or an uninhabited island.  
@_date: 2015-09-16 13:53:59
I'm honestly confused about your disagreement.  You seem to simultaneously recognize that consensus can be achieved even if no 2 people perfectly agree on a solution and yet you still seem to think that consensus is hard.  I don't understand the contradiction in your mind.   Once again, we've had numerous constitutional amendments, the prices of assets result from millions of contradictory views, and bitcoin has had hard forks in the past.  
What do you think is difficult about achieving, say, a 70% consensus on a bitcoin hard fork?  Again, remember that a 70% consensus doesn't require that 70% of people agree that a particular solution is optimal, just that 70% of people agree to accept it as the best possible solution that can actually be achieved.  Same with legislation - NO ONE thought the final ACA bill was exactly what they wanted.  It was a compromise that no one loved, but it was good enough to achieve a consensus.
Maybe an example will clear things up?  I've given you numerous examples of areas where everyone disagrees, but consensus is frequently achieved.  Give me a meaningful counterexample?  
@_date: 2015-09-21 16:13:57
bitcoin could be easily shut down by the US government any time they want. It'd be very easy for them to simply co-opt the majority of hashing power (via bribes, hacking, or coercion), and destroy bitcoin.  They'd probably throw in a disinformation campaign (would literally just take a few junior NSA guys) such that a few big bitcoin figureheads that you respect would be saying contradictory things and spreading confusion.
@_date: 2015-09-21 22:07:38
The "defense" is all around you.  It's like we're debating whether gravity exists and you're claiming that I've lost.  I don't care how many debating points you score, the fact that you're not floating away into space shows that I'm right.  There are 196 countries in the world, each with a government.  Every bit of inhabited land in the world is comprised of societies that have 1 of 2 underpinnings - either military rule, or social contract theory.  You can whine all you want about how it's not fair, but that's all there is.  It's like you whining that it's unfair that some people are born healthier and smarter than others.
@_date: 2015-09-21 17:44:58
Very weak analogy.  Talking about morality without considering the actual impact on the people you claim are being philosophically victimized is simply stupid.  Slavery was a system that clearly hurt slaves and may have helped everyone else.  The social contract underpinnings of society is *the only* approach to society that has ever produced long-term stability and wealth for *any* segment of society.  The "victims" of social contract theory wouldn't fair any better under any other system, unlike in your slavery comparison.
@_date: 2015-09-21 16:12:05
They don't regulate bitcoin itself but activity surrounding bitcoin.  Contrary to your claim, fraud does in fact hurt people.  The SEC regulates stock fraud, CFTC regulates commodity fraud etc...
I'm sure you're aware there have been a few bitcoin frauds that have hurt people right?
@_date: 2015-09-21 18:52:42
I don't understand your question.  Two people can engage in a contract that includes governing, or one that excludes governing.  The social contract underpinning society includes the former.
@_date: 2015-09-21 21:04:21
And you also didn't have any say in which body you'd be born into or what parents you were born to.  Tough Sh**t.
@_date: 2015-09-14 22:35:37
Why?  Are you suggesting that people don't ever do wrong things in groups?  
@_date: 2015-09-21 19:00:25
You're more than welcome to go wander alone to some deserted island and live your life there.  For most of us, society provides a lot of benefits.  You clearly haven't thought through the cost of abandoning those benefits.
@_date: 2015-09-21 21:55:30
You must have a very strange social group.  Most of the adults that I know do indeed believe in democratic government.  I guess this is a result of the internet.  The fringe tin-hat crazies gather together from around the world and don't realize they represent 0.000001% of humanity.
@_date: 2015-09-16 17:51:05
The bigger issue from my perspective is that a stagnant technology is doomed to fail.  It's not so much that bitcoin needs bigger blocks to be valuable, but rather that we can be confident that at some point, *something* will have to be changed.  Maybe we'll discover a new bug like the transaction malleability attack.  Who knows?  But all technologies go through growing pains, and all technologies have to be able to adapt, or they get replaced by things that can.  
My point is that if bitcoin demonstrates to the world that it is frozen and unable to adapt, the smart money will abandon it.  If the bitcoin community sends a loud signal that they will refuse to allow bitcoin to adapt, entrepreneurs will realize that it will die eventually, so they won't want to use it as a backbone for their new systems.  Whether those systems are for micropayments, or value storage, or smart property rights etc.
@_date: 2015-09-21 18:55:34
The slavery analogy is really hard to apply when the "citizen-slaves" can simply leave any time they want.  I leave the US 4 to 5 times a year.  I'm not sure you know what "slave" means.
@_date: 2015-09-21 23:16:48
Or to help the bitcoin community.  Truly distributed hashing power is awesome.  
@_date: 2015-09-21 21:43:17
Nope.  I left the US last week as did tens of thousands of other "slaves."  I was also born in the Middle-East, grew up in Europe, spent 2 years living in Asia, and now live in the US.  I've never had any trouble leaving any of the countries I've visited and lived in.  But hay, if you're a slave and you can't leave your country, I'm sorry to hear it.  Must suck to be in the tiny minority.
@_date: 2015-09-16 17:29:05
I half-agree.  In practice, the only limitation to achieving consensus for a bitcoin hard fork, is the current culture that favors stability over dynamicism.  The US constitution is a good analogy - in the 1800s we were culturally very willing to amend it, and did so frequently.  In the last 50 years we've shifted to this idea that the constitution should be insanely hard to change...so it is now.
3 years ago, most people involved with bitcoin thought it should be easy to fork to fix bugs and adapt to changing circumstances.  There was a view that there was little to lose from changes.  Today, there's a culture supporting the status quo.  People are afraid that a bad change would destroy a lot of value.  
My fear is the opposite.  Bitcoin is worth a tiny fraction of what it could be worth, so the risk of a mistake is relatively small.  In addition, I'm convinced that if bitcoin doesn't change, it will fail.  I'd actually put money on it.  If bitcoin doesn't hard fork in the next year, it will be worth &lt;$50 within 4 years and will never recover. 
You're right in saying that bitcoin also needs stability to succeed.  Same with a government constitution - you need some happy balance between stability and dynamicism.  Bitcoin is still sooooo immature though.  It's still in the stages where dynamicism is more important than stability imo.   
@_date: 2015-09-21 16:39:45
ahahahahahha....yea the foundation of modern civilization has been "debunked."  
People are born into a contract the same way they're born to parents and born into a geography.  We can all wring our hands and say it's horribly unfair that some people are born smarter or healthier than others, or that some people are born to rich and caring parents, etc.  It's all luck of the draw, and it's horribly unfair.  But it is what it is.  The social contract is humanity's best solution to the reality of an "unfair" starting point, and nothing has ever been demonstrated to work better.  It's like the famous quote about democracy - it's the worst form of government except all the others.
@_date: 2015-09-30 20:10:43
There's a large "moat" around bitcoin that's similar to the one around facebook and gasoline usage for cars.  It's called "network effect."  Why don't users jump to a better social network?  because all their friends and photos are on facebook.  Why don't care manufacturers make cars powered by natural gas?  Because the whole refueling infrastructure throughout the country already distributes gasoline.
A new tech would have to be much better to win.  Also, bitcoin theoretically has the potential to evolve over time to meet additional needs, unless the obstructionists have their way.
@_date: 2015-09-16 15:45:27
I don't think you're dumb at all.  I think we're mostly having confusion over semantics - usage of the word "consensus", which I've been trying to clarify.  It's not just a semantic issue though, because some of the leaders in the bitcoin community are very focused on the practical concept of consensus.  Some people are saying that if we can't arrive at a solution that the supermajority of people clearly support, we shouldn't leave the status quo, because we might get 2 competing blockchains and general confusion, which could be disastrous.  I think those people are underestimating the effects I've been pointing out - that people coalesce around the "winning" solutions.  Once everyone sees that there's a clear 55% support for a particular proposal, most of the other 45% quickly accept it.  I fit into this category.  I'd like to see us adopt something that aggressively scales up blocksize, but I'm not gonna abandon bitcoin if we only adopt something that moves us to 2mb today.
  I fully understand that miners have incentives to keep block size small.  And if miners think their support will be able to keep block size at 1mb, they might fight to do that.  But if miners see that the bulk of the community is moving to bigger blocks, they're not gonna shoot themselves in the foot and mine dead chains.  
@_date: 2015-09-21 16:10:19
Incorrect.  Bitcoin could be easily shut down by the US government any time they want. It'd be very easy for them to simply co-opt the majority of hashing power (via bribes, hacking, or coercion), and destroy bitcoin.  Clearly no one cares enough to destroy it.
@_date: 2015-09-30 19:57:20
The concept of capital, and class distinctions no longer apply imo.  Technology changed all that.  300 years ago, wealth basically meant land.  150 years ago, it meant owning factories and mines and railroads.  To become ultrawealthy you needed to build up a huge stock of capital.  Today, people can become billionaires with $1,000 worth of computer equipment in their garage.
Bill Gates, Zuckerberg, Sergei Brin, none of these guys were part of the "capital" class, insofar as one still exists.  
Also, most wealthy people today are "labor."  The CEO of Goldman Sachs makes about $20 million a year, performing labor.  He's gradually accumulating some wealth, but his income has no connection to it.  He's paid for providing a service.  The vast majority of the rich today are professionals - doctors, lawyers, accountants, engineers, etc.  All "labor."
@_date: 2015-09-15 19:58:42
You're completely confusing consensus of opinion for consensus in practice.  I'm guessing it's because you don't understand the role of markets.  Take gold for example.  There are a million different opinions on what the price of gold should be.  Frank thinks its worthless, Jon thinks it should be worth $5000/ounce etc.  Yet, there's a single dominant price in the market place, at which anyone can buy or sell gold at any time.  How?  Because the contrasting opinions of the millions of buyers and sellers are easily funneled into a supply-demand relationship that produces a singular outcome.  From millions of contrasting viewpoints, you get a single consensus price.  Wealth of Nations spends a good deal of time talking about this.  
Your example of the constitution is awful.  We've amended the constitution many times.  That's why there are no longer slaves and women can vote.  The reason we haven't amended the constitution in the last 50 years is simply because the judiciary has taken over that role.  Americans now culturally expect to create change via the supreme court. 
Your key confusion here is that at some level, you seem to think "consensus" means agreement of opinion among all or most parties.  It doesn't.  Not for bitcoin, not for the price of gold, and not for legislation.  Consensus means that the majority (or supermajority) of individuals with contrasting opinions somehow coalesce around a "solution."  This solution may not exactly reflect the opinion of anyone.  It may be a compromise that no one loves.  But it coalesces and results in new legislation or a market price, or a hard fork.
@_date: 2015-09-15 19:10:59
Yes, but harder and harder doesn't mean hard.  The starting point was zero.  In the beginning, Satoshi could implement forks himself at will.  Then it just required the 3 or 4 most involved people.  So we went from zero effort to fork, to tiny effort to fork, and now people are suddenly saying Satoshi wanted it to be near impossible to fork.  Let me use an analogy - If you said in 1950, "US life expectancy in the US will get longer and longer", you'd have been right, but it didn't actually move much.  "longer and longer" could have meant 75 years but it turned out to mean more like 4.
@_date: 2015-09-21 22:29:23
Ahahaha, you actually made me laugh out loud.  Nice work.
"imaginary thing."  It's all imaginary kid.  "democracy" is an abstraction, so is "capitalism", and "government."  Heck, even "forest" is imaginary.  Trees exist.  A forest is just a subjective abstraction that doesn't exist on its own.  Imagine a clumping of 100 trees.  You call it a forest, but I claim it's two separate forests with separate names.  Who's right?  
The funny thing is that you're the one completely ignoring reality.  196 countries, each either under military rule or social contract.  Every inch of inhabited land falls under one of those two, and every group of humans that has ever existed falls under one of those two.  But you alone have had this incredible revelation, while the rest of feeble-minded humanity goes on actually constructing society.  Man, I envy you.  I can't get to that kind of fantasy land where I can completely ignore reality without some heavy drugs.
@_date: 2015-09-21 16:12:40
Ah yea, and the mining fees anti-scalability attack from the Core crowd.
@_date: 2015-10-01 02:56:41
The increase in wealth concentration is unequivocally true, and a natural result of the leverage that results from technology.  Today, a knowledge worker (accountant, CEO, etc) can use computers to leverage their time and productivity.  60 years ago, it was exceptionally hard to run a business with more than 10,000 employees, since communicating across distance was tough.  You needed phone calls and had to physically mail documents.  Today we have group videoconferencing and instant email.  While low-skilled labor hasn't changed much.  A barber is basically still just a barber.
But none of that is relevant to class structure.  Most of the ultra rich today are not rich by class.  They weren't born into it.  Gates, Brin, Zuckerberg - they were all born "privileged" and given great educations, but they weren't given capital or jobs.  They created companies from scratch in their basements (and dorm rooms).   50 years ago, it was basically impossible for a person without capital to become a billionaire; the 1 or 2 who achieved it spent 40+ years accumulating capital.  Today, there are 40+ people who became billionaires in under 10 years with zero starting capital.  But putting aside the billionaires, if we define "rich" as people with more than $1 million in net worth or who earn more than $250k a year, most of those weren't born with capital and weren't granted any.  They just worked for an annual income as a doctor/lawyer/engineer/accountant, etc, and saved some of their income.
@_date: 2015-10-03 00:04:30
What exactly is your claim at the chemical level?  Is it that hybridized seedless watermelons have a sugar other than fructose, or that their fructose is different?
Regardless, no one is arguing that there aren't differences between food sources, and the whole organic movement suggests that a large percentage of people don't like changes to their food.  It's perfectly plausible to me that recently introduced hybrids might not be quite as healthy.  But to claim that they're really seriously bad for you is nonesense, because we have hundreds of millions of people consuming every day for decades, and they're living longer than anyone in history.
@_date: 2015-10-01 12:46:05
It's an important distinction.  Most Americans (and myself) are fine with some people getting rich.  That's capitalism and a sign of a well functioning system.  The problem of class is when the rich are a homogenous group that protect their money and power.  For example, if most of the rich are white, male, liberal, christians who all know each other from elite boarding schools, that's problematic because they would likely use their money/power together to control political outcomes and to erect "moats" around their money/power that would make it exceptionally difficult for anyone not like them to join their ranks.  This was accurate 300 years ago.  Today the rich certainly try to effect political outcomes, but they often disagree with each other.  Some are liberal, some conservative.  Some are 1st and 2nd generation immigrants, some are bluebloods.  And you've even got a handfull of ultrarich black and hispanic people.  Too few of those, but I think that's a result of structural problems, not the rich deliberately trying to exclude non-whites from their ranks.  
Why does wealth concentration matter?  Let me ask you this.  You have a magic wand.  If you wave it, the richest 10 people in the world will gain a billion dollars each, but the poorest 10,000,000 will gain $50,000 each, would you do it?  I'd certainly hope so.  The fact that those 10 people become wealthier doesn't eliminate the fact that you'd be making 10 million people wealthier too.  It's not a zero sum game, it's not a fixed pie.  It's possible for everyone to get wealthier and happier at the same time that wealth is becoming more concentrated.  
@_date: 2015-10-01 03:03:50
You know the saying about democracy - it's the worst form of government except for all the others.  Similarly, capitalism certainly has its flaws, but I don't know if they can be fixed without creating bigger problems.  Very often when we as society try to get together to fix things, we make them worse.  For example, we want to help poor urban communities so we set rent ceilings.  The result?  They turn into slums for reasons that are pretty intuitive psychologically and that I can get into if you'd like.  
  Or here's another one, Bill Clinton reduced social welfare payments to single mothers.  Until Clinton, we had been paying single moms a fixed amount for every kid they had; the idea was that we wanted to help out those families and didn't want the kids growing up in abject poverty.  But it was eventually proven by economists and statisticians (and confirmed by many of the mothers saying this explicitly) that those payments actually increased the number of kids that those single moms were having.  We were incentivizing the poorest single mothers in the country to have more kids, thus hurting them, their children, and their communities.
The question isn't, "should we help this person, or fix this problem."  If you want to, you can always just use a charity.  But if you want to use the government you have to ask, "I am confident that the benefit to help the person or fix the problem is less than the cost, and that the unintended consequences will be minor enough, the perverse incentives that we create tolerable enough, and the bureaucratic bloat to administer the policies small enough to make it worthwhile.  
It's worth noting that while US patients get screwed by our drug policy, the US produces more new drugs than the rest of the world combined.  We have a system that rewards success and punishes failure more than almost anywhere in the world.  It produces problems, but also leads to the most discoveries that ends up saving many, many lives.  So when someone dies because they can't afford a drug, you have to ask, "would that drug even have existed in the first place if we had socialized medicine here?"
With all that said, I do think there's room for regulation and "fetters" on capitalism.
Lastly - no one is stopping you or anyone from helping.  Write a check.  Volunteer your time.  It doesn't have to be the federal government that helps the underpriviledged, it can be charities, social groups, states, cities, etc.
@_date: 2015-10-02 04:27:23
Lol.  What tinfoil hat nonesense are you reading?  Not only are people who eat this overhybridized stuff living longer than ever in human history, life expectancy is increasing at rate of 5 hours every day.  You do realize you're using a device that didn't exist 30 years ago to debate on a website that didn't exist 10 years ago, right?  Doesn't it seem ironic to you to claim that this doesn't reflect wealth and progress?  Consider the alternative.  Throw away everything you use that didn't exist 30 years ago.
@_date: 2015-10-01 02:50:34
Of course they are.  You don't think "supply" is limited to physical goods do you?  A huge part of what we consume today are services and electronic goods.  Wikipedia, facebook, Bloomberg, Reuters, Microsoft Excel etc, all a huge part of what we consume and the bulk of the increase in wealth over the last 50 years.  
Today, a good chunk of physical goods are produced by machines, no labor needed.  And that's only going to increase.  The days of humans doing farming and manufacturing are almost over.