@_author: metalsand
@_date: 2018-11-26 19:22:11
Actually, based on the lower end of costs of running an ASIC, if it drops significantly below $4,000 to say, around $2,000 then it's because Bitcoin is no longer being used as currency and has lost all value.  If $1,000 comes, it certainly won't stay and will continue it's plummet, lol
@_date: 2018-03-14 01:52:21
currency != stocks
Not to mention if you could predict the market trends, you'd be making the fat stacks instead of the 1000 people who own the majority of the bitcoin market and manipulate it freely due to lack of regulation.  
@_date: 2018-11-26 19:20:22
I never "invested" because even knowing the mechanics behind making investments including those of stocks, it's not investing without diversification - it's gambling, plain and simple.  Even though it was relatively easy to predict how it would change, the volatility makes it completely irrational to use as a primary investment, let alone as a "sole" investment...
I like to follow Bitcoin though from time to time because it's a great example of how a fever pitch can inflate a market that doesn't have any protections against volatility or traders who game the system.  Though, my main question was this - given how impractical bitcoin is to other bitcurrency, what would happen first: would the price normalize first, or would it be dropped in favor of other forms with lower transaction fees and other side benefits?  
My guess was that $4,000 would be the "normal" non-inflated price of Bitcoin, because anyone who already has ASICS would rather still pump out coins at or slightly below cost rather than just pack up and leave.  As to what the "bottom" is of Bitcoin, I couldn't say for sure, because while I can determine with a fair bit of accuracy price most folks with ASICS would stick around for (based on rough ROI of an ASIC, cheaper electricity in other countries as well as the risk associated with price volatility) but I would say roughly $2,000 to $3,000.  If it gets any lower than that, it's because Bitcoin has lost value as a currency and is being abandoned.  
@_date: 2018-02-22 17:52:48
Bitcoin would be more useful if it was treated as a currency.  Y'all are just reliving history of penny stocks, complete with the many exchange services that turned out to be scam artists who cut and ran.
The worst thing for Bitcoin as a currency is people who just hold onto it, hoping for their big payday.  If you want to gamble, there are less risky ways to gain the same profit than to follow whatever the 1000 people that make the top 40% make of the trends.  
I mean shit, today's dip from news that doesn't actually affect Bitcoin and altcoin...it's clearly price manipulation and y'all are falling for it time and time again, with the least experienced people essentially giving their money away to the rich.  
@_date: 2018-02-22 18:08:54
...if Bitcoin was actually an investment, "cutting and running" would be the absolutely worst thing you could do.  Markets naturally fluctuate, and if we were to pretend that Bitcoin is remotely as stable as a balanced investment portfolio, selling the second it dips is laughably terrible. 
Investment portfolios are designed with duration in mind - higher risk equals higher payouts over a given time, but that risk of underperforming is greater in a short period of time.  So, a one year portfolio would be something like 75% low risk, 15% medium risk, 10% high risk*.  A 5 year portfolio might have a collection of 55%  low risk, 25% medium risk, and 20% high risk.  As long as the portfolio is balanced, the 5 year portfolio will always make more money per year, but this is only guaranteed if you wait long enough.
It's worth noting that regular currency markets are among the riskiest and lowest yield of all markets for long-term investments.  Usually they would be a small portion of the high risk category.  While plenty of people would argue otherwise, bitcoin and all the altcoins are all fiat currencies, most notable due to the volatility of the price, as well as the fact that their prices are nowhere near remotely as stable as precious metals.  And just like any fiat currency, bitcoin is subject to supply and demand.  Eventually, once all the financial analysts and bloomberg machines squeeze all they can from the average person, either the price will normalize and/or regulations will finally be put in place to protect the public.  
*Stocks are given a risk rating, and the risk composition of a portfolio can be determined by mathematical formulas.  These are highly rough example numbers, not actual numbers.  