@_author: metallaxis
@_date: 2016-08-03 17:59:09
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:25:09
Well, admittedly, Satoshi -who created bitcoin- does/did have under his control addresses that currently total up to 1 million BTC...  
Not that I believe that he is planning to cash out and crash the market, but to characterize idiots the people that are scared of that scenario shows either ignorance or arrogance.
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:26:21
It's not the miners who chose the small blocks, miners largely wanted bigger blocks. It was the developers and the community.
@_date: 2017-12-12 08:32:56
Seems to me that they had the basic idea right, but were lost in the details and subtleties of how bitcoin works (like that there cannot exist any hidden bitcoins because of the public nature of the ledger).  Still, not idiots.
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:09:03
I am sad you were disapointed by the non fruition of NYA. Still, there are many people who saw that coming from miles away, and forked away in time. Shouldn't you support them then?
@_date: 2017-12-19 21:19:35
Well, I bought some home equipment with it...  
Would hardly be able to do so with Bitcoin. It's not about buying coffee anymore, even bigger purchases of like &gt;$200 worth do not make sense anymore with bitcoin
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:31:03
Yes that was SW2X... Remember? Then came the NO2X campaign... REMEMBER???
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:16:59
I don't see them using the same argument much in this thread though, although it is still valid...
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:08:04
Are you guys for real?  
Implying life threats online when things don't go the way you naively thought they would?  
Did anyone tell you that buying Bitcoin was a safe bet?  
Did you think that you were so much smarter that the rest of the planet, to have identified a "sure to rise forever asset" before everybody else and you bought in cheap?  
Hell, let's also make life threats to everyone that predicted prices &gt;20K. I believed them and they cost me money.  
The only one that is not to blame is poor me, who just wanted to get rich, like I'm entitled to... 
   
And even on the face of overwhelming evidence that I wasn't as smart as I though, and that I placed a misguided bet, it's just better for my ego to tell myself that "Actually, I was 100% right, if only not for those evil people..."  
@_date: 2017-12-19 22:26:15
Did I win the $100 bucks?
If so, how do you plan to send them to me?
@_date: 2017-12-19 21:50:46
WTF are you talking about? there is no bitcoin trademark, so how are you gonna base the infringement accusation? Open source software is not like McDonalds.  
The only way to win this argument is with the Chewbacca defence...  
So you should hire Johnnie Cochran.
@_date: 2017-12-21 21:50:28
Centralized company? What are you talking about? Is it maybe on the stock market too?
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:16:33
Your edit did not seem to stop people in this thread talking about creating a bounty on some heads, which they would "gladly fund"!  
And in this subreddit, that comment is not considered worthy of banning.  
Great community!
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:15:42
Did you already forget NO2X? It was like, 7 weeks ago...
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:44:40
I really do not get it. You are saying the exact same things that others were saying well in advance (because they predicted this situation before it actually occured), and because noone would listen to them back then, they were forced to fork away. We hate those people, and hate their fork, yet here you are with 1000+ upvotes advocating what the most hated subreddit in this sub was saying all along.  
Are you guys totally nuts?
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:20:55
I contacted "the smile of the child", a non profit organization in greece supporting children in need. I really hope they do contact you and apply, they really do exceptional work.
@_date: 2017-12-14 23:19:27
No need for a gut feeling, you can use a calculator. 1MB blocks * 300 satoshi per byte transactions = 3.14BTC per full block = approx. 25% of block reward.
@_date: 2015-12-06 17:12:24
A bit oversimplifying view, I think. Let me remind you that the whole debate for the re-evaluation of Schengen was exactly because Greece refuses (and rightly so, according to my view and also your statements) to allow foreign control in its borders.  
The problem lies not on border control, but on the overwhelming influx of refugees, and the economics associated with handling them. They are here not because they sneaked away from border control, they are here because we are obligated to let them pass. These refugees should be allowed under international law to enter Greek borders and hence Europe, but other European countries refuse to share the load. It is comforting for them to let them stay in Greece and say "OK, they are safe from war now, let Greece handle them, why should they proceed further in in Europe?".  
Yet, Turkey, that encourages smugglers to send people to drown in the Aegean in half sunk boats and let the Greek coastguard save them from certain death is given enormous amounts of money as "help" from Europe.  
In the meanwhile, people away from the problem put the blame on poor border control, because of course when a problem arises, it's easy to say that it's another's incapability that causes it and wash your hands clean, when it is obvious that the problem is international.
@_date: 2015-12-06 10:11:39
First of all, the crisis isn't over. There are still capital controls being imposed in bank accounts. So even if people were alarmed and wanted to invest in bitcoin, they have limited ability to send funds to an exchange to buy bitcoin.  
So what has been happening is, people have been forced to use credit or debit cards, and small merchants have all acquired POSes, when in the past, commerce was done primarily with cash. That is the main change happening, people moving from cash to plastic.  
To answer if they are "happily depositing their wages in the banks again", there isn't much of a choise there, is it? I mean, not only in Greece but wordwide people are kind of forced to be paid via bank deposit. I mean, I' love my employer to be paying me cash, but it always has been the case that I had to have a bank account where he deposits my salary, and that is the case with most jobs out there.    
Concerning bitcoin, I haven't noticed any big change, besides a handfull of people hearing about it and maybe getting intrested to know something about it.
@_date: 2015-12-07 08:21:01
no, I'm not the only one, read the comments below the video and you'll get what's going on...  
But I think we are getting a little off topic here, so maybe we can discuss it further privately if you wish?
@_date: 2015-06-17 18:08:49
That's not entirely accurate, because many euro users buy bitcoins with USD (me included), because the exchange they use does not offer EUR/BTC trading option (like bitstamp).  
So, strangely, while using SEPA, I have to firstly convert EUR to USD in order to buy BTC.
@_date: 2015-06-18 23:31:47
Yes, it happened in Cyprus two years ago.
@_date: 2015-12-08 10:56:46
Assuming you are using windows...  
1) download vanitygen binary zip file from here:   
2) Extract zip  
3) open command line (run --&gt; cmd)  
4) Drag and drop vanitygen.exe or vanitygen64.exe on cmd window  
5) After the autocompleted path, press space and type 1Cat  
6) Press enter  
7) ????  
8) Profit!
@_date: 2015-12-06 12:05:49
Address is irrelevant. What matters is the country of origin of the bank that provides the card being used.
@_date: 2015-06-18 23:34:52
There's always the patriotic sense one might have, beyond his narrow-sighted self interest. If everyone thinks the way you propose, then it really becomes a self fulfilling prophecy, with his actions leading to what he fears will happen and for which he takes action in the first place, right?
@_date: 2015-06-18 22:40:17
I wish I could upvote this comment more than once.  
You couldn't have put it in words in a better way.
@_date: 2015-06-17 18:36:49
Great and insightful thinking, but I can assure you that people in Greece can totally relate to the cultural mindset you are referring to.
@_date: 2015-06-25 09:12:45
First I would like to point out that unspent outputs are not only divisible like you say, thus creating an increasing amount of smaller and smaller outputs. They can also be combined.  
For instance, if you use 30 unspent outputs resting on 20 addresses to send to a single address, the recipient will get 1 unspent output that will equal the sum of all the (now spent) unspent outputs.  
In that sense, bitcoin protocol can facilitate a "create balance" function, by always using all your unspent outputs for every transaction, and creating two new outputs: Your change and the amount to be sent.  
This is also the only way to safely implement what you suggest by saying "that calculation sounds pretty inneficient, when it could simply be stored and not calculated everytime", because you surely understand that the balance has to be recalculated and stored again at least every time you transact, and by recalculating I also mean proving ownership of coins.  
I believe you can understand though, that this process adds an enormous and unnecessary size to every transaction made, not to mention about privacy matters. Like if for every transaction I made in the physical world, I had to present all the money I have from all sources, and then get the change.
@_date: 2015-06-29 18:06:02
Thank you for your concern. To repeat a comment I made in reply to another post as well, I had made arrangements as to have money available in case of things going bad. I do hope however that the situation resolves soon.  
I wasn't advocating for people doing nothing, rather against people withdrawing EVERYTHING. That's what I had done as well. I have sufficient funds for my needs available, but I did not drain all my accounts, so yes, some of it seems to be currently frozen.  
As for our bet, I have sent funds in changetip, and as soon as they become available I will be sending them to you.  
Take care!
@_date: 2015-06-18 23:45:13
Since you didn't seem to like my first proposal on why someone might keep his funds in a Greek bank, here's a second one: He really does not believe that capital control is going to happen.  
Since you say it's a certainty, would you be willing to bet on it?
@_date: 2015-06-18 23:51:36
Thank you for your concern, but truly, do you believe that you could have possibly given this situation more thought than I have, so as to be in a position to advise?  We have been in that danger for the last 5 years, so I'd say I had plenty of time to think things thoroughly.
@_date: 2015-06-30 06:36:18
sorry, last payment was larger than limit and returned an error.
payment 1:  $25
@_date: 2015-06-19 00:18:53
Hehe, cool!  
I would really take that bet just for the fun of it. But I don't want to put any kind of pressure on you, so if and only if you agree, I'll pay you $50 (in BTC, I won't have access to banking, remember? LOL) whenever capital controls or deposit confiscations happen in Greece within the next 4 months. If they don't, you can send me $10 and call it even :)  
By the way, is it possible that this goes against reddit rules? If so, please someone inform me so I can remove the post ASAP.
@_date: 2015-06-19 11:40:19
No argue there.  
Do you think our two previous statements are mutually exclusive? Because I find them both valid.  
  
But to be frank, if you withdraw, the chance of losing money is not 0.  
There have been many instances where people have been robbed, after being followed from banks where they withdrawed large amounts. Also, houses here tend to be filled with cash nowadays, and breaking in houses seems to be pretty lucrative lately.  
Still, you are right, chance to lose money if you withdraw &lt;&lt; chance to lose money if you don't, no argue there. 
@_date: 2015-06-19 11:22:16
Not really. The only thing the top post sais is that ATMs are currently working, which is a FACT, not an oppinion, opposite to the FALSE statement this op is trying to make.  
Given FACTS and not propaganda, people can draw their own conclusions on the situation, which might differ or not between individuals.
@_date: 2015-06-17 18:33:45
Here's the translation for you, but I highly doubt that bitcoin is ready to get any traction in Greece.  
Anyway:  
ΕΛΛΑΔΑ  
Ώρα για το σχέδιο Β  
bitcoin  
Είναι ένα νέο, καινοτόμο και διεθνές συνάλλαγμα.  
-Δεν χρειάζεσαι τράπεζες, εσύ είσαι η τράπεζα.  
-Είναι ένα p2p διαδικτυακό συνάλλαγμα. Δεν υπάρχει ανάγκη για μεσάζοντες.  
-Κανένας θεσμός δεν το ελέγχει, και οι λογαριασμοί είναι αδύνατο να παγώσουν.  
-Λειτουργεί 24 ώρες το 24ωρο και μπορεί να σταλεί άμεσα οπουδήποτε στον κόσμο.
@_date: 2015-06-17 18:26:28
Do you actually have any clue about how modern finance works, or you just get your information through BILD and thought it would be great to spread some hate by talking through your arse in reddit?
@_date: 2015-12-06 13:01:23
Let me tell you the problem with most American companies and their websites. They assume that everyone in their site is an American. As a result they provide limited to no information for people that might be in different than the "default" circumstances. (I will describe a personal experience, cause I was interested in using Bitwage some time ago): I go to their website, have no idea whatsoever where they are based. They state "We give you a bank account number"  
I wonder: will it be a bank account # of a domestic bank for my country, or an international one? Will there be charges for international wire transfer and currency conversions?  
I notice a button saying "International wages".  
I wonder, international with respect to what country? I find no evidence, so I assume international with respect to USA. I'm not sure, but I press the button.  
I read: "Send or receive wages or freelance payments between select countries in local currency" Which are these select countries? No info there, only something about Philippines. At the same page, I see "Try bank to bank transfers".  At that point I realize that for non US citizen to use Bitwage, a US bank probably gets somewhere in the way, which means currency conversions, transfer fees etc. Most importantly in my case, the capital controls will prohibit my employer or me to send that amount to bitwage so that it can be converted.  
Maybe there is a way around it, but clearly from their website, they have not invested much in having non US customers.  
At that point, I just close the page and that was it.
@_date: 2015-06-17 17:56:31
That seems a bit strange.  
How did he cash out? Did he sell in an exchange? And if so, is he planning to wire his money to a Greek bank account? In the same bank he is presumably afraid that will impose capital controls?  
I'd be very intrested on his plan.  
Cause if he is cashing out and not transferring to a bank, in order to withdraw fiat localy, his plan makes no sense whatsoever.
@_date: 2015-12-06 11:03:06
60 euro per day withdrawal is being allowed, with the ability to stack that amount over a week (withdraw 420euro on Friday) per person per bank. For that amount, no questions asked, can withdraw from ATM.  
On top of that, 500 euro monthly limit for international wire transfer. This limit is also used for purchases over the internet with credit/debit cards.  
For larger amounts, there are specific procedures and paperwork, which mostly concerns importing/exporting companies.   
Payment with debit cards linked to a Greek Bank account are not limited as long as seller keeps an account in a Greek bank.   
Money transfers between Greek bank accounts are also not limited.
@_date: 2015-06-29 18:00:10
Thank you for your concern. I truly am fine. I do hope that the next days will bring some resolution to the current situation, but for the time being I do not worry much about my well being, as much as I do worry for my country. Fortunately, as I have implied in my previous comments, I have available sufficient funds to preserve myself for a reasonable amount of time.  
The behavior I believed to be irresponsible and criticized wasn't people withdrawing money to feel safe, like I and many others have done, but people withdrawing EVERYTHNIG. That being said, there are some funds of mine being frozen right not, but not funds I would be needing in the immediate future.
@_date: 2015-06-19 10:44:32
I don't have the confidence you are referring to. I cannot be certain on what might happen.  
And for sure I have taken some measures I believe are necessary to be prepared if such a situation arises.  
That being said, you have to also realize that most the information you get from the media (internet included) comes from "blood thirsty" journalists who will grossly exaggerate on crisis and imminent chaos just to draw attention to their headlines (see this original post for instance).  
I believe that this phenomenon is also a cause for the problem. I believe that when someone talks publicly, his opinion is not the only thing that matters. One should filter his statements, thinking the possible outcome if people follow his advice. In that sense, I believe that advocating for bank runs (and thus making bank runs more probable), although might sound reasonable, is kind of irresponsible.  
  
And one more thing: During the last days, I have heard many foreign people being so scared for the situation in Greece, in a way that sounds totally media-brainwashed rather than real.  
For instance, there are many regular tourists who will not visit Greece this year in fear of Greece returning to drachma. But think about it: If a tourist comes here with euros, and indeed we go to a new currency, isn't it obvious that his euros will be highly valued here and he'll be able to afford at least twice the vacation time? So why be scared about it, other than blindly listening to nonsense that are massively reproduced in the media?  
Bottom line, the only thing this fear-mongering succeeds in doing is harming Greece even more, and I believe I should resist in doing it.
@_date: 2015-12-06 11:54:33
1) Don't know if they do, don't have any statistic facts on that. From personal observation, I feel that older people tend to indeed withdraw every Friday the full amount, younger people not so much.  
2) Not that there is no fear of another shut down, but it has surely diminished. Public focus tends to be on the Middle East refugee crisis these days, border management and the Schengen treaty. Cause you know, there isn't anything easier for a Northern European country than to put the blame on others for an international crisis. How convenient for them that they do not have borders with non European zones...  
3) It has been stated by government officials that bans could be lifted on early 2016, given that state budget plans work out as expected (in my experience, they never do, but...)
@_date: 2015-06-17 14:56:49
Well, in my work people know bitcoin's existence only because I'm into it. I don't think anyone would of have heard of it otherwise, and still, they thought that me having bitcoins is about having created an account in some strange service, like I would have a facebook account.  
I think that's sad, cause I work on academia, so you would expect people here to be more tech savvy.  
But for the first time after 2 years, two of my colleagues actually started asking me about how it works.  
Other than that, I think Greek people are oblivious concerning crytptocurrencies.  
Furthermore, having an active Mycelium local trader ad for over a year, I had a total of 5 trades for amounts like 5-10 euros, which after &lt;0.9 minutes were closed by the buyer. Probably people just playing around with a "new app" but when realized it is about actual money, quickly got scared and walked away, before I had even the time to say hi.
@_date: 2015-12-06 10:37:46
Besides hearing about it, I have little evidence that these machines were actually installed. I mean, I believe that if they were around, I'm bound to have seen some. The only Bitcoin ATM I'm aware about, is one in a bookstore in a suburb of Athens. Hardly 1000 machines.
@_date: 2015-06-18 22:06:20
I already did a proper translation yesterday in my comments on the original (english) image post, but I guess the creator missed it or preferred google translate...
@_date: 2015-06-17 15:06:56
To tell you the truth, I'm actually surprised by the amount of Greek redditors responding to this post!  
(til now it seems there's six of us!)  
I always thought that apart from myself, every other Greek used the internet only for facebook :(  
(just kidding of course, but I think it kind of reflects how "behind" we really are as a culture concerning new technology usage and understanding)
@_date: 2015-06-18 22:15:27
check my [yesterday's post](   
Don't you think it's a better translation?
@_date: 2015-06-19 00:36:29
I am sorry if in my previous post I came off offensive, i truly did not mean to.  
It's just that the internet is filled with one second thought opinions concerning complex situations like this one, and the bad thing is that these ill-informed opinions tend to influence people and situations.  
I guess having read hundreds of them the last days, I have been pretty frustrated and wrongly took it off on your comment, which by no means was like the opinions I mentioned.  
Thank you for your politeness.
@_date: 2015-06-29 22:29:18
Bet lost! $50
@_date: 2018-08-11 14:30:44
Back in the day, it was suggested practice for improved -not absolute mind you- privacy to avoid having your whole balance in a single address, rather to have it spread in multiple addresses that the client managed. The bitcoin client did not even show you the multiple addresses, it only showed you the total sum of all the address that were in your wallet.dat file. A transaction thus can have multiple small inputs.  Also, the change for a transaction were sent in a new address different than the original ones.
This is still a good practice, but he risk of high fees has encouraged people to consolidate, and not have their balance spread in addresses and multiple unspent outputs that run the risk to be considered "dust", where the actual amount stored in each unspent output is close to the fee required to move the assets.
Take the December 2017 high fees in BTC for example: With a conservative $20 fee for a single unspent output transaction, anyone that was previously incrementally buying $40 worth of BTC  and sending them in his address, would have to pay double the amount he wished to send, regardless the amount. In case he was incrementally buying $20 worth of BTC, he just could not move the funds, all his savings would be stuck.  In my opinion, this is one of the major problems introduced by BTC's small block policy, and its rarely being discussed.
@_date: 2015-06-18 22:03:05
This is not the Acropolis :)  
Still, good point.
@_date: 2015-06-18 23:58:00
It's not ignoring the problem, it is realizing that people acting the way you propose IS one of the main sources of the problem. In that sense, not doing what you propose and advocating against it rather for it, IS doing something to solve the problem, not ignoring it.  
Really now, what would you do if you knew that what you had to do to protect your interest would destroy your country if everybody else did it as well? would you just do it anyway and hope others are better than you?
@_date: 2015-06-18 21:48:16
One ATM that happened to be currently off service (probably because it was being refilled) isn't any news.  
Extremely propagandistic post.  
What worries me is that if you are Greek, you have a high probability of having the mindest that Greek journalists are on an agenda, and payed to sway public opinion ("αλήτες - ρουφιάνοι" as people usually call them), and yet here you are deliberately spreading misinformation as well.  
By the way, coincidentally I withdrew money from an ATM just 20 minutes ago.
@_date: 2014-12-15 14:33:11
After all the compromise, I still use blockchain.info wallet as follows:
I import the keys I want to use, perform the transaction and then delete the keys again.
I do that because I have not found any other tool with so much customization in the advanced send section.
I want to be able to specify the "from address"s, add multiple "to address" with specified amounts for each one, specify the change address and the miner's fee.
Can you suggest any other tool that will allow me to do that?
Most other wallets that I have used try to be idiot-proof (more like moron, or monkey IQ-proof, but indeed they are right in doing so), but for that they have to make things as simple as possible. Simple is good as a default, but I want customization options as well.
@_date: 2015-06-17 18:02:49
So you are actually referring to a person that happened to need the money, cause his own bank account holdings weren't enough to cover his needs (else it would make more sense to just withdraw from the bank), and so he cashed out.  
I hardly think this is the broader issue that is being dealt in this post, this post's topic is "Are people in Greece turning to BTC because of disbelief in their banking system"? Cause believe it or not, there are still people here with large savings in banks who are troubled about what they should do with them.   
I don't think they are indeed turning to Bitcoin, and I agree with your statement about China, but still your comment seems a bit irrelevant, if I understand the situation correctly.
@_date: 2015-06-28 20:50:28
1) First bitcoin ATM in greece opened some days ago in Acharnes, Attiki  
2) You can buy from me (or anyone else actually, but I do tend to have the best prices :) ) on  
a) Local Bitcoins b) mycelium local trader.
@_date: 2015-12-07 08:07:29
The most hilarious part is that at the end of the video the logo says "The Guardian. The Whole Story".  
This video has been so obviously edited, I really don't think it needs me to point out what is actually going on and what is being reported, it speaks for itself for anyone with an intellect...
@_date: 2015-06-30 06:40:20
payment 2:  $25
@_date: 2018-08-11 09:04:49
Not exactly, you can see how much the particular address has, and its previous transactions.  
That's why in the early days, it was common and suggested practice for people to have their balance spread in multiple addresses that the software managed, instead of in few consolidated ones.  
Since then though the risk of high fees has encouraged people to consolidate, and not have their balance spread in addresses that run the risk to be considered "dust", where the actual amount stored is close to the fee required to move the assets.
@_date: 2014-12-19 13:46:38
Although I am pro-Bitcoin, I beg to differ.  
This is not a "pro-Bitcoin subreddit", it is a sub-reddit for people interested in bitcoin.  
Can someone be intrested, but also to have developed negative concerns that he needs to share, or does he has to pass through positive thinking police?  
I mean, if all you need to hear or read is things that validate your already formed opinions, you are not going to get unbiased information, thus you'll be misinformed.
@_date: 2014-12-08 21:37:55
I for one felt a little ashamed that they only raised $5,000 or something like 15XBT during all this period.
I bet this community has given more in tips for people commenting on social media.
And this had the exact opposite effect on me, it prompted me to donate some BTC.
Edit: just to say one more thing. All those people asking for various services to accept bitcoin, but when they do, they tend not to see any significant revenue, which raised the question "what are people doing with their bitcoins?" Are they using them, or just hodl and hope that it will magically become mainstream?
@_date: 2014-12-25 10:26:30
Great improvements! Some things I think are missing though, or can't find a way to do:  
1) Is there an option to import an HD account entering the primary seed?  
2) Is there an option to send from multiple single addresses?
3) Can someone change his local trader account key retaining his stats?
@_date: 2014-12-12 09:42:37
A question I have searched for and was unable to get a definitive answer for (at leat one I'd understand): Isn't what is described as "what a full node is doing" being performed by bitcoinQT? If so, what is the difference between "running a full node" and "running bitcoinQT on your computer"?
@_date: 2014-12-12 09:27:23
Yesterday I almost had my first trade as well. (after 6 months of active ad)
Unfortunately, 1 minute after I accepted the trade, the other party said hi and then got cold feet (I quess) and ended the transaction.
I didn't even have the time to say hi back, and felt a little frustrated that mycelium did not give me an option to respond after the transaction was closed.
Didn't want to push him, it would just be cool to talk to someone just getting into bitcoin...
Anyway, do you think it's a coincidence, or are we witnessing a sudden rise of interest in bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-12-12 09:35:04
Am I to understand that you are part of mycelium development team? If so let me give you some feedback:
It was cool that you implemented HD wallets, but why on earth am I not allowed to not have one? I mean, just let me delete it and import my own keys. And more importantly, why has the feature of aggregated view for all "legacy" addresses been removed? It was cool when we had the option to view either a single address or the sum of all of them. I was even ready to e-mail you for yet another option, to be able to choose between active addresses that you wanna aggregate, but then you removed the feature altogether.
And now for a favor: Is it possible that I please get from you a pre v.2.0 apk? Don't know where else it would be trustworthy to get from and use...
@_date: 2014-12-08 22:00:30
Well, I donated if that counts :). And do wish more people did too.
So there are two sides on this. Yours is probably in another subreddit, no?
@_date: 2014-12-08 22:07:52
I have actually donated fiat in previous years to many non profits, including mozilla. Had not noticed they were fundraising again, this post was the reason I knew. The fact they accept bitcoin rejoiced me and I donated once more, this time in bitcoin. What was your argument again? Oh, yes "trolltrolltroll". OK, you're right....
@_date: 2014-12-19 19:45:57
Sadly, you can't because there is no way to know the intentions of a person, so you can't know if what they are saying are their honest opinion or not.  
There is one thing you can do though: Use your good judjement. Is what is being said backed by strong arguments? Do you agree with them, or are you reading just an unsubstantiated conclusion/opinion?  
The sad thing is that for that to happen, you have to expect from others and read their full view. Sadly, the communication on the internet is developing to just headlines and TL;DR sections, that are void of any context. Well, it is true that the internet does not do its best to train people to be well informed individuals, but it's still up to them.  
 By the way, any one sentenced post is not worth your while exept if funny, for your amusement.  
TL;DR: Use your judgement and don't read one-sentenced opinions and TL;DR sections.
@_date: 2014-12-29 21:00:34
Had made the calculation some days ago. On your request, made a more quick re-calculation: I calculated the average block interval for all the blocks between current (336531) and block 336069. I used the timestamps of the blocks and calculated the interval as such:  
Time interval =block(n)timestamp - block(n-1)timestamp  
The average outcome is 8'52'' ± 9'23''   
Notice that SD is more that the average value (hence &gt; 100%, if it is expressed as a percentage of the mean value)  
My point is that they seem NOT to be normally distributed (which you assume they are). If you want, I can perform a normality of distribution Sapiro-Wilk test to be more certain...
@_date: 2014-12-12 13:00:47
Thank you for taking the time to answer to my questions thoroughly. I totally agree on your points, and I understand the need to A) Aim at HD wallets being default B) Protecting inexperienced users form fund loss. Indeed, towards these aims, disabling generation of single addresses is key. One thing to consider though: Since single address generation is not an option now, there are only two ways one can have "legacy" addresses" on mycelium. He either imported them, or has updated from an older app version. In the first case, I think it is safe to say he has knowledge on how to handle private keys and protect them (after all, he has them stored somewhere else to import them). In the second case, you do face the danger of a user misunderstanding and thinking that his master private key covers his legacy addresses too. In that case, the fact that as soon as someone updates he is presented with a new HD account and sees his passphrase, is indeed dangerous. Wouldn't it be safer if he only had his previous addresses (not an HD account), and when he wanted to generate a new address, then he would be presented with the HD account options (passphrase etc). If I am correct in that line of thought, the ability to only have legacy addresses not only isn't dangerous, it is rather safer in some cases. So the optimal implementation IMO would be as follows: If a wallet contains "legacy addresses", do not create an HD account on update, until user goes on to create one. If a wallet has no addresses, create a new HD account. I know that this might be a hurdle towards the aim of wider HD adoption, but just my two cents. Sorry for being off topic, thank you for your time, and thank you for a truly great wallet app.
@_date: 2014-12-17 15:26:42
I believe you should be worried, and so should all of us. I mean, I don't believe bitcoin to be a ponzi scheme (I am invested in it), but it is true that with the creator holding such a huge amount (and it's way more than 5%, in contrast to other commentors' replies), it does look like one, and very well could be one.  
I mean, the fact that he is presumably afraid of being tracked down could be just an excuse to convince people he is not ill intended. Every ponzi scheme needs to be convincing in some way, no? And if it were true, that he dissapeared by fear of the govenment, and he really did create bitcoin because of his dislike of the banking system, one would expect him to back it, not let fear hang above users.  
How could he do that without revealing himself? Many ways, Just a quick idea: Print paper wallets, and anonymously send them as envelope mail to charity organizations (or one to me as well, it would be greatly appreciated :). That would not only be untraceable, but also good publicity. So why hasn't he done so?  
Also, people believe that if he wanted to cash out, he would have done so when the price was over 1.000, but I don't think that's true. To a person with such large amounts, price does not matter as much as market size does, because when market size and trading volumes are so low as they are now, only the first few bitcoins can be sold at the said price. The market at the time wasn't even big enough to absorb all the coins, he would fail to sell them all, even if he sold at $0.1
@_date: 2014-12-29 22:27:04
For that to have any merit, two things have to apply:  
First, that an very uneven proportion of the hasrate originates from certain timezones where such power price rules are in efect and  
second, that the high and low mean intervals oscillate on a periodic (perhaps daily) basis.  
Not sure if it's true, have not dug that deep :)
@_date: 2014-12-29 22:18:54
I think you are partially right.  
Many things cannot have negative values, but tend to be distributed normally (see human height for example).  
Indeed, given the fact that there cannot be a negative block interval (&lt; -100% of average), while there can easily be a &gt; +100% interval (a fact I admit does not apply on human height), one can expect the higher values to have a bigger mean distance from the average than the lower ones.  
And you are correct, just average values and SD do not say anything.  
Still, a crude observation of mine is that block intervals close to the average are too rare compared to extreme ones (either high or low), and that leads me to the thought that hashrate is being manipulated.  
Maybe an expert in statistics could shed some light on that.  Cannot be sure of course, just something to think about...
@_date: 2014-12-29 22:30:03
But noone knows the hashrate. Hashrate is only being indirectly assessed by block interval times, am I wrong?  
Edit: I do have the data ready in a spreadsheet, but do not know how to perform what you asked. I can a) try and learn at a later time, b)send them to you
@_date: 2014-12-29 20:17:26
Not only that, looking at the average block generation time during the last 6 weeks, one gets a Standard Deviation of over ±100% (many blocks found extremely fast, followed by many found extremely slow, with very few blocks found at the mean interval).  
Seems that for a long time now, someone has been turning on/off some huge amount of hashing power, and I've been concerned that hashrate is being manipulated. Then came this post:  
  
where they claim to CONTROL 4% of total hashing power, which is extremely unsettling, and I believe people have not been giving the appropriate attention to this issue...
@_date: 2014-12-30 00:42:37
Two things come to my mind, probably none is true, and there could be more cases that I can't think of...  
Keep the hashrate in lower amounts than the total available in order to  
a) overprice mining equipment?  
b) conceal an imminent 50% attack?  
Anyway, the possibility that any entity can "by pressing an on/off button" have such drastic effect as approx. 10% of total hashrate fluctuation worries me cause it is a signal of centralization.  
I hope that this is not the case, but I'm not sure what direction the facts point to.
@_date: 2014-12-30 00:26:29
I am aware of that, but there is no need for a more reliable source, simply because timestamps are loosely contained within a time limit. Given that, a block that reports a future generation time will have more than the actual interval, but the next one will have equally less interval, so it cancels out when calculating averages.  
Maybe it slightly contributes to a higher SD, but in a pretty negligible amount.
@_date: 2014-12-12 18:36:12
Are the Chinese insane, or are they actively trying to destroy bitcoin?
to quote my comment on this link
"He states that "I think that as the Bitcoin mining network expands the risk of 51% attacks decreases", yet they work towards centralization, and claim to CONTROL 4% of global hashing power. Expansion isn't equivalent with more global hashing power, it is only when this power is not controlled by few individuals. Then he goes even further, expecting that many players will leave the game, and only strong and well equipped players will. That, in my view is a proper description of bitcoin doomsday, and they present it as a business opportunity. Are they insane?"  
EDIT: they are even crazier than I thought. Take a look at their reply on the article's comment section!!!
@_date: 2015-01-03 18:48:15
You know, maybe you are right. No-one is a prophet, so alhough I believe you are wrong, it could be indeed the case that you are right, and Bitcoin will fail. The key question is: **Why do you want it to fail?**  
(I am assuming that your last name isn't Rothschild or Morgan, or whatever)
@_date: 2015-01-09 13:56:45
Doing a quick search in LocalBitcoins and Mycelium local trader, I have found several merchants accepting bitcoin for cash Over The Counter transactions near Tokyo, but unfortunately none on Mycelium. So try one of the LocalBitcoins options, their prices aren't the best, but you'll have some fast cash...  
Edit: There is actually one trader whose price not only isn't a ripoff, but it is better than the current exchange rate. Check him out I guess...
@_date: 2014-12-30 09:03:39
Your link is irrelevant. It asks for someone to send an amount, make the receiver think he got paid, and then get the amount back (ie a malicious attack). Is it of course natural that noone would like that to be able to happen.  
If I am not mistaken, outputs can be moved between addresses within the same block, hence one can forward the received amount instantly, given he trusts the original sender.
@_date: 2015-01-06 22:13:23
I actually received it! Didn't think I would when I pressed the link, just wanted to know what would happen.  
First tip I've ever got, thank you! I'll pay it forward for sure.
@_date: 2015-01-10 16:05:20
Did The Econimist actually use the phrase **"real money"** for fiat? WOW!
@_date: 2015-01-03 18:14:55
It is hardly risky, to plug it yourself.  
First of all, HD enclosures are 100% air-proof. The platters operate on vacuum. So, I see little to no chance that there is water inside the platter area. Even if the external electronics are fried, at worst the HD will not initiate, and THEN you can seek the help of a professional. I can think of no way that a malfunctioning controller will go on and erase data on the platters. So you have nothing to lose, if you at first try to plug it yourself, and only if that fails, go to a professional data recovery center.  
EDIT: And what StLouisDiscGolf said about rice and the freezer. The freezer thing has worked for me once.  
Also, if the drive does initiate (you hear the needle moving and the platters rotating), but you see no partition, come here again for advice on data recovery software...
@_date: 2016-03-05 14:15:25
The arguement "You can do what you want" does not necessarily make for a healthy and viable environment, because it assumes full independence of interconnecting parties, and that is never the case. Any given entity in a system might be in theory able to to as it pleases, but in reality its decision will always be based on external factors.  
For example: If I say "You are free to go and live in whichever country you want", that statement is probably true, but does that mean that the probability of you living elsewhere tomorrow is the same as you being where you are?  
Of course not, because although you are free to choose, you are also restricted by external factors like where will you find a job, where your loved ones are and if they agree to come with you, and many many others.  
So you will be living in the same country tomorrow as you live today, despite the fact that if I gave you a list of country options, you probably would find at least one which in theory you would believe that it's a better place for you to live.  
Bottom line, theoretical freedom does not equal total decision freedom.  
Now that this is out of the way, the thing I dislike about the way bitcoin is being developed right now is that it gives emphasis on the profitability of miners, rather than to extend its reach in user base. We have not yet acquired the critical mass of adoption needed to succeed. I can only spend my bitcoins in so limited places as a percentage of my daily tradings. I believe that's the issue the developers should focus on, and not what the available bandwidth in China is.  
Developing in order to facilitate the needs of a specific set of people and overlooking the needs of others is not equal as the decentralized nature of bitcoin promised, and surely not what I signed up for.
@_date: 2015-01-31 16:07:46
Nice idea.
Shouldn't the price on the front page be also in bitcoin denomination?
@_date: 2017-03-21 07:59:31
The winning bitcoin by definition has the majority of the hashrate. How could then the losing side 51% attack? This makes no sense, and also is not how the original poll question was put.
@_date: 2016-03-05 16:28:40
1) It's not my house, it's our house, and I wasn't talking about dictating, I was talking about being dissatisfied and trying to change things.  
Your analogy is extremely invalid, a thing you didn't miss to point out in my admittedly bad analogy of a country of residence, so I can only assume you are capable of understanding how invalid your analogy is as well, but you deliberately ignore that for the sake of making an argument, and not for the sake of open-minded discussion.  
2) When we disagree, we should engage in honest discussion in order to find a common silver lining with no one's needs overweighting the other's.  
3) When I said most of us, I had you too in mind. I wasn't implying anything or trying to offend you, I just didn't want to write "everyone" because of course there are people who might not hold these ideals dear.  
So it becomes clear by the misunderstanding my intentions (as if I was attacking you) and deliberately using false arguements, that you are not trying to engage in an open dialectic process, just defend your pre-conceived ideas.  
Thus, there is little point continuing this farce of a discussion. Have a good one sir. 
@_date: 2016-03-05 15:01:10
I'll answer in detail at some later point as I have to leave really soon, but just wanted to reply to your last statement.  
1) Thank you for informing me on my choices, but I was already aware of them.  
2) The argument "if you don't like it, you can get out", or "no one forced you to be here" is a non argument, and in a sense idiotic and basically immoral, not only when it comes to bitcoin, but for any situation actually.  
Of course I can get out if I don't like it, but the more mature approach would be to put my efforts on making things better. That's the premise of democratic ideals most of us hold dear, not that something is de facto as it is, and all who disagree can be disregarded on the basis that participation is voluntary.
@_date: 2016-01-01 13:16:49
The same can be said for various things. Diamonds are not consumed either. How do you believe a 50% reduction in worldwide diamond supply would affect their price?  
Not that I know the answer to the question, but isn't the reduction of HDD supply after the floods in Thailand the same case? And their price was far form unaffected.
@_date: 2016-06-13 15:55:02
I'm not saying that they are, but they could create artificial scarcity if they wanted to, couldn't they?
Now that I think of it, one could make an analysis of coinbase transaction unspent outputs traffic over time to see if there is a change over the last weeks, and maybe get an estimate of wether that is indeed going on or not. I would do it out of curiosity, but I don't have the techincal knowledge to extract that info form the blockchain.
@_date: 2016-06-07 18:11:19
Hahaha, that's great! It has been a long time since I laughed that much reading a post! Thank you
@_date: 2016-06-13 17:37:18
What is the purpose of this comment? If you know something I don't, please enlighten me. If you are bored to, just ignore me. Making useless sarcastic comments just wastes everyone's time.
@_date: 2016-11-29 14:02:12
seems French merchants don't care about bitcoin much, right?
@_date: 2017-01-26 08:17:48
You cannot keep the block to yourself, because the block you solve contains the coinbase transaction to an address that the pool controls. What you could do is not broadcast it at all if you find it, byut you have no incentive to do so, as you lose a tiny amount of coins yourself.  
The pool verifies that the blocks you solve are with its own address in the coinbase transaction because the shares are actual blocks solved, albeit with a lower difficulty, which you submit to the pool as proof of work for you to have your hashrate approximated.
@_date: 2016-11-27 16:49:14
Would seem so, but you have to trust that core devs actually have the will and intend to come out with this "solid road map to a block size increase".
In some other people's view who don't trust the core devs, supporting segwit, however logical in a practical sense, is also empowering these people to continue enforcing their "hidden agenda".
@_date: 2016-11-27 14:07:55
This central argument is not so easily dismissed if you take into account another argument made in the same article: "But network economics teaches us that competition does not work well at all in the presence of strong network effects: everyone prefers to be in the network where other people are, even if its rules are not exactly what they would prefer. Network markets tend to tip in favour of the largest network. Every fork/split diminishes the total value of the system, and those on the losing side of a fork may eventually find their assets worthless."
I'm reluctant to totally agree (then again, I want bitcoin to succeed, so I must admit I'm biased), but can't easily dismiss it either.
@_date: 2017-11-20 22:39:57
what are you talking about? If someone buys BTC in an exchange or anywhere else, this exchange will be the one sending the coins to the wallet, and of course the exchange will send in the appropriate blockchain. Since the address is the same for both coins, no mistake can be made.
@_date: 2017-11-20 20:48:42
the "buy bitcoin" button takes you to a specific https webpage (won't link, but just press the button and you'll see), where only buying BTC is possible, and also the exchange rate is clearly visible. Are you sure you know what you are talking about?
@_date: 2017-11-20 22:37:47
It is THE SAME ADDRESS for both. It's impossible to communicate with people here simple facts!!! Do some minimal research before you light up your torches...
@_date: 2017-11-20 21:19:22
There is NO way to buy bitcoin cash through the app. The only link is to buy BTC with the exchange rate clearly visible.  For christ's sake, can't people even check for simple facts before posting and creating impressions?
@_date: 2017-11-20 19:27:09
Have any of you guys used the app before adding a review? Please, can someone devise a plausible scenario by which someone could lose funds using the app?
@_date: 2017-11-20 20:12:18
You did not reply to my question.  
You asserted: "There are srsly people loosing money"  
I asked you: "how?"  
If you have reason to believe your first statement, answering my question should be easy, don't you think? Everything else is irrelevant...
@_date: 2017-11-20 21:38:21
The backup seed is the same. Granted, it warns you to backup the same seed twice, and that can be confusing, but it is the same seed, and it generates the same addresses. Are we using the same app? I'm on Android BTW...
@_date: 2017-11-20 20:44:16
I did install the app. The keys are the same, what are you talking about?
@_date: 2015-07-21 13:21:11
In your front page you state "100% of users' Bitcoin funds are safely stored offline".  
Maybe I have missed something, but how can that be true and still facilitate withdrawals in reasonable time?
@_date: 2017-11-20 19:30:13
how? how are they losing money? The wallet creates Both coins and displays them BOTH on the same screen. Also, they both share the same public keys, so whatever the user sends funds to, said funds are always available and will show up in the home screen.
@_date: 2016-02-16 13:53:27
People often think bitcoins are like files. Having a bitcoin in that sense (in their imagination), is similar to having an .mp3 file in their hard drive, so naturally arises the question, what if someone is smart enough to create such "files"?  
I think the best you can do to explain it in a non-techincal level, is to make them understand that unlike what they imagine, Bitcoins don't exist per se, so that someone could create them.  
What we call "bitcoins" is not a physical thing that can be copied, but more importantly, it's not even an electronic "thing" that can be copied.  
When we say someone owns bitcoins, there is no single piece of data that this user actually has that translates to a bitcoin, as would a file-like bitcoin like they imagine it. All the user has is proof of ownership of an address, not actual Bitcoins.  
All there is then to bitcoin, is a PUBLIC ledger that appoints amounts to these addresses. The public part is very crucial. If someone somehow managed to "create" bitcoins, as they imagine, in order for them to be usable, they have to be visible to ANYONE.
@_date: 2017-04-05 09:53:16
Many people using bitcoin nowadays have absolutely no clue how it actually works. That's OK though, I'm not suggesting they should, like not every single car driver should be required to be an engineer, and not every man having a medical procedure should be a surgeon. People deeply involved in development should take this factor into account, but unfortunately, when it comes to programmers, many tend to have the attitude that "if don't know how it works, you shouldn't use it". Of course they don't mind the fact that in every other aspect of their lives other people who provide services to them do not treat them with such arrogance.  
The problem is exacerbated though by the usage of software that oversimplify stuff in order to be appealing to the uninitiated, which many times cause important misunderstandings.  
  
In this particular case, what wallets fail to convay to the average user is that the bitcoins that are displayed are not just one number, like a bank account works, they are the sum of many numbers, like a coin/banknote wallet would work. It's just that the software adds them up for you and displays the total amount.  
  
Your case is the equivalent of trying to send 4000 AUD in coins/notes with average value of 5 AUD, and this takes precious space in the blockchain, thus it costs more than if you had a single "banknote" of 4000 AUD.  The problem is that you have been accumulating small coins for a large time, and never bothered to "exchange them for larger notes".
The good thing is that you can try to "combine the coins/notes" in larger denominations, because whenever you send many outputs to one address, the new address receives one single "banknote/coin" with the combined value. So you can try to send some coins one other address of yours with minimal fees.  
  
Maybe wallet designers should think about implementing an output count next to the total amount, that way new users would be better educated about the nuances of how it works.
@_date: 2015-04-19 12:32:16
Funny game. I wish I see it developed more, even without the bitcoin hunt aspect. Combining real life maps captured on camera with 3d graphics for a treasure hunt game seems very promising. Good job!
@_date: 2015-04-20 14:04:35
As far as my experience goes, paypal is indeed reversible, but I'm sure that they do not reverse the payments in all cases. So what do you propose? That I should send the money, let the scam unfold and then have paypal chase this guy, and (hopefully) pay me back?
@_date: 2015-11-01 12:45:19
Since the transaction in question, you have sent some coins once and received coins once more. Still, in this address recide four undspent outputs, including the 0.43 btc output that is of interest. These bitcoins should be able to be spent right away.  
What will Multibit do if you send these coins in another of your own addresses? I predict that you'll have no problem doing that, but if you do, as I suggested earlier, try to import your address in another wallet, and you should be able to spend them with no problem.
@_date: 2015-04-20 14:59:54
I am not considering making the trade, I am asking for the best action in order to protect future victims.  
For instance, there could exist an anti-scam policy that I am not aware about, like informing Western Union or PayPal beforehand, so that he would be lured to go and collect and then face consequences.  
Or there could be a way he could be banned from Local Trader.
That's why I'm asking, to see if anyone knows any way for the protection of future victims.  
The very least I can think of is posting his username, but I guess that is trivial. He probably uses a different one every time.
@_date: 2015-11-18 07:07:25
Hehe, some months ago I was thinking of making one myself (a honest ponzi). Couldn't resist the temptation to pour a small amount into this one.  
Has anyone gotten any payout yet, or do you think it's a scam, rather than a gamble?
@_date: 2015-11-03 07:48:40
so 1 BTC = $1 ?
Edit: Original post to which I replied stated: "1 BTC = $1^100 or bust", so I just made fun of the math.  
Now the post above has been corrected, and it made me look like I'm speculating on future price with pessimism, which I'm not.
@_date: 2015-11-01 12:19:33
Is it correct to assume that your receiving address is 18tF9nAq63VLKqbHrQy56mkkEbUV6ANNY2  ?
In that case, I can see no problem with this transaction, the 0.11 btc are still in your address and should be able to be spent. Try to import your address to a different client perhaps?
@_date: 2015-02-15 17:52:52
Please do not choose this comment, you can give the vouchers to someone that needs them more than I do. That being said, I only wanted to share why I love bitcoin.  
This is because it is the only available means for individuals to stop being in need of banks. Central Banks, banking institutions in general and the fractional reserve system as it stands today is everything that is wrong with this world, but unfortunately, until the invention of cryptocurrencies, they also were an unavoidable evil. Now they are not.  
People are taking their wealth into their own hands for the first time after centuries, and this has prompted a lot of people to get educated about the very nature of the money we use today. The fact that the very nature of the money we use is not a subject taught in school, seems to me borderline conspiracy-like, because it is as fundamental to our lives as is addition and subtraction.  
My first enlightenment came by watching the animated documentary "money as debt" ( something I have encouraged everyone I know to watch and re-wach until they fully grasp it. Then came Bitcoin. Our freedom is largely in our hands now, the tools have been given, it's only a matter of what we choose to do with them...
@_date: 2016-07-09 16:46:23
Empty block.
Oh, the irony....