@_author: metacosa
@_date: 2015-08-31 15:10:24
We buy the tokens from licensed issuers who back them fully -- and then sell it to you through our platform, on the Blockchain.
We will ultimately allow withdrawing to your bank account, but this is a feature we will announce when we go to the mainnet.
@_date: 2015-08-31 17:39:23
Bringing traditional assets such as currencies to the Blockchain de facto means you have an issuer/custodian holding the underlying asset. IOUs are not bad per se, and they are a necessary condition (ignoring the interesting developments on the prediction markets side).
 
Our service innovates in many aspects:
- We bring multiple securities to the Blockchain with different risk profiles (starting with currencies), allowing bitcoin users to hedge and diversify away their risk. All our securities are issued by licensed issuers.
- Those assets can be transferred freely, worldwide thanks to the Blockchain and the Open Assets (colored coins) specification.
- Those assets can be traded without any counter-party risk — with us through our API, or peer-to-peer on decentralized exchanges.
- We provide an open API for integration into third-party wallets so that you may be able to trade, invest, or hedge directly from your wallet -- without trusting anybody with your private keys.
- We provide liquidity by making the market: you can always buy and sell — we are effectively a broker.
We are not claiming that our technology will allow you to bypass regulations and KYC/AML requirements, so I do not really get your point.
You are welcome to try our services or get in touch with us if you need additional information.
@_date: 2015-08-31 18:01:27
We will announce are partners soon enough. In the meantime, please enjoy our testnet trading app and come back to us with your feedbacks!
@_date: 2015-09-01 04:16:34
And so we ! It is a pure pleasure to know our customers better, because we care about you.
Understanding each other as good old friends is how good business relation are established. :p
@_date: 2015-09-01 03:50:50
As gidze said, we use Open Asset. The big stuff is that you have all the features you already like with bitcoin : you can do fiat multi sig, escrow multi sig or whatever is possible with the script language of bitcoin. This is "programmable fiat" in a sense.
Also, we don't hold your money in our bank account, we only resell an issuer's token on our website and assure convertibility anytime with BTC. Since the fiat token is issued by a banks, you don't have to trust us. (if we crash, the token is always worth something because it is a liability of the bank)
@_date: 2015-09-01 04:00:16
One thing maybe we did not explained good enough :
We don't hold your fiat. We don't allow you (at present) to make a wire transfer to buy a colored coin, nor to store YOUR money on OUR account. You buy from us with your bitcoin, withdraw on your colored coin wallet, and that's it. We don't keep anything in hostage.


This is a good point, if we were the issuer. But we are not, we are only reseller. The big difference is that if we crash, the colored coin you bought from us is not worthless, because it is a liability of a bank. (the bank issued it)
@_date: 2015-09-01 03:48:52
we don't hold deposit of customer in our bank account. We only permit conversion of BTC &lt;-&gt; Fiat CC, not Fiat &lt;-&gt; Fiat CC. (we plan to do it later, but this is not our main business, and we will not hold money of customer, since it will just be a gateway to our issuer)
@_date: 2015-09-01 10:35:48
What is the risk you want to protect against ? if it is about Metaco going under, you are protected against that.
We don't hold your money, the only thing you trust is the issuer, which will be trusted bank in your juridiction.
@_date: 2015-09-01 11:30:42
Illegal exchanges are better done either in cash or in BTC than with CC issued by our partners. The gateways to convert in Fiat or BTC (either us or our issuers) will follow KYC and AML requirements of the different juridictions.
In a sense, this is not different than with BTC, if you try to sell laundered BTC on Coinbase they may ask you were it comes from and refuse to let you exchange them.
What it allows you though is, if you are in your rights, you'll be able to use all the goodness of bitcoin scripting language for making your own smart contract in fiat. (LN, Multi sig, escrowing and so on)
@_date: 2015-09-01 04:08:22
We are not a decentralized exchange, but it is not incompatible with the idea, one might imagine to create a decentralized one where people trade the CC between them. Such exchange though will not be developed by Metaco and you don't need our permission to do it.
@_date: 2015-09-01 10:41:32
Licensed issuers are trusted banks. (that we select specially, we don't allow anyone to issue anything on our plateform) 
If you want to protect yourself against the event they go to jail with their account frozen, you are right, you should better keep real cash or bitcoin. Our issuance plateform is not open for everyone, only to banks we contact directly and which are trusted in their juridictions.
We permit fiat to be used in smart contracts, which means your fiat will benefit from all the improvement of Bitcoin (LN, Escrowing, Multi Sig, contracts with oracle etc...)
@_date: 2015-09-01 14:21:03
This is not different from BTC you want to send to coinbase and which ask you where they come from. 
If Metaco goes bankrupt, your money is safe because you'll be able to redeem it with the issuer. If you doubt the issuer will accept your coins because of an illegitimate trade you did, then you should not use Metaco at all. (as, contrary to pure bitcoin they are nowhere near fungible)
We allows fiat to slide on features made possible by the  permissionless innovation nature of the blockchain. Fiat as programmable money. We do not permit, as you rightly said, a fiat which can be used for purposes which might be considered illegal. Trustless fiat money has not been invented yet. (does such thing would make sense ?)
@_date: 2015-09-01 10:44:42
We do not store your money, and our model does not require you to trust us. You must only trust the issuer. (Trusted bank of your juridiction)