@_author: metavox
@_date: 2017-12-13 02:47:39
I read somewhere recently that bitcoin is in the stage of a new currency where it is trying to find its stable value.  When it is highly deflationary and gaining relative value it will naturally be hoarded, but that's both expected and ok.  When the price finally stabilizes it will transition into a more active currency.
@_date: 2014-04-09 02:25:22
Yes, this is true, that is what BFL claimed.  The problem is that the FTC doesn't allow merchants to do that and then shift the risk to the buyer. If a merchant accepts payment for a product, the onus is on them to deliver based on FTC requirements, not the other way around.  The buyer has a legal right to request a refund if the merchant can't deliver within the time allotted to them under FTC regulations.
@_date: 2014-04-09 02:28:00


That's the crux of the issue.  As I understand things, this is not an allowed situation under FTC regulations.  That sale condition would be rendered null and void.
@_date: 2014-03-07 19:25:32
agreed.  This has lots of potential, but as soon as the balls start multiplying and flailing around I've completely lost track of the overall picture. Not to mention that the light grey balls are the clickable ones.  Light grey is the intuitive default behavior for an inactive or non-interactive component. The layout needs to be much more easily visually digestible, and I would also recommend adding a zoom function to the graph.
@_date: 2014-04-08 21:27:24
One of the things that they arguably didn't adhere to were  Federal Trade Commission requirements when it comes to handling orders, shipping and communication procedures, and establishing firm dates.  Just because BFL sells pre-orders, it doesn't exempt them from obligations enforced by the FTC, even if they attempt to circumvent them with Terms of Use and opt-in clauses.
This doesn't necessarily help figure out damages in terms of lost revenue, which I strongly doubt would be enforceable, but it would at least establish liability.
Edit: Seriously, whoever down-voted me I would *love* to hear your rebuttal.  The implication is that a merchant can, in fact, be exempt from the FTC.  Good luck with that..
@_date: 2014-04-09 16:53:40
Agreed, claimants looking for lost revenue could only expect remuneration if they had appropriate business insurance coverage and filed a claim against the lost revenue.  There is no guarantee of income from purchasing a miner from BFL, only delivery of a product.  However, in your example concerning a burnt down factory, BFL (and/or the factory) are the ones who would need to be insured in the event that a factory burnt down and the pre-order cash is lost.  BFL could certainly offer a revised delivery date to the customer, and the customer would have the option of accepting that date or requesting a refund, but the date would have to be fixed, not nebulous or approximate.  If the subsequent date is missed, you can repeat the process until the product is delivered, or a refund is requested.  If BFL couldn't cover the refunds, then they are effectively in default of their creditors, and would be subject to foreclosure if a case was brought against them.
@_date: 2018-04-04 03:25:49
Honest question here - are 20 &amp; 50 day moving averages particularly meaningful for bitcoin?  In equities day trading the active trading period is 5 days / week, so 20 and 50 day ma neatly equate to 4 and 10 week windows.  However, since bitcoin is traded all 7 days of the week, looking at moving average windows that are multiples of 7 days ( 7 / 28 / 56 / 84 ) seems like it would better capture weekly trends.
@_date: 2016-07-05 18:36:10
This response implies you are not in favor of wide adoption, since the body of knowledge required to adopt BTC would be high under such presumption.  What is your view of the eventual user base for BTC?
@_date: 2013-04-23 20:44:58
Agreed, I wouldn't be surprised if there are additional procedural delays on top of the mass exodus. I intend to post an update if I get my funds as well.
@_date: 2013-06-04 21:05:59
Why not combine the bitcoin idea with the grid computing idea to create a science-based crypto currency? Instead of pointless sha-256, etc, make the proof of work a science-based unit. I'm sure this isn't a trivial task, but I would love to see the something productive done with the same network hash rate that BTC has.
@_date: 2013-04-24 16:34:22
Same here, at least we know where our money is now.  I was checking my bank a few times a day just in case it showed up.
@_date: 2013-04-24 19:18:11
Something else interesting - the third address used in the transaction was 1BcrUgDm96AsSYtHhXePqBhtSQRnR7FLCx, which has only ever conducted transactions with 1PcXspQbZWxUkS9bHcbgMUsb8HsUzP5noT.  All three of the sending addresses now have zero balance, so it was a full dump with no change returned.
The last time either 1BcrUg or 1PcXsp conducted any transactions was early September, for what it's worth.  But these addresses have something in common.  Let's assume your buddy didn't steal these by somehow grabbing your info.  *Something* was able to get hold of these accounts.  Since this transaction was limited in scope (meaning it doesn't involve dumping hundreds of accounts), I'm willing to bet it's related to the exchange you performed. Where did you meet to perform the exchange?  Did you use an open wifi hotspot?  
Also, if he set up his account on your laptop, you might be dealing with spyware that collected login info.  Did you watch everything he was doing?  Additionally, has anyone else used your laptop to access a wallet within the past year?  If the spyware is acting locally, it could have collected the info, and initiated the transfer from your machine.  This could explain why only three accounts were dumped and not more.
There are a several potential avenues at this point.  Any more info you can provide might help whittle the choices down.
@_date: 2013-04-23 20:10:12
If it helps, I'm in the same boat.  I uploaded my ACH info, submitted a transfer, saw it listed as pending, then saw it listed as a completed transaction on the 18th.  My account balance in now 0.005 USD, but nothing has shown up in my bank yet.  I called my bank to ask if there were any pending deposits that I just couldn't see, and they said that once they receive anything it would appear immediately in my account (in some form).  So my bank simply hasn't received anything yet.  As I've mentioned elsewhere, I emailed bitfloor about this on the 19th and got a short response from Roman saying the delays are expect and I will still get my funds.  What I don't understand is why it will take them 10 days to receive a check from their bank.
@_date: 2013-04-24 20:14:33
My suggestion is to write down as much as you can remember.  Hopefully looking at a list will help you realize if you have forgotten anything specific.
@_date: 2013-04-16 18:27:13
There a very certainly some bots making trades, but I haven't seen anyone suggest on this thread that the high rate of transactions could be simply due to large market order sells.  The price is dropping, bring out the loss cutters.  For example, if someone wants to dump 2000 BTC, it has to be broken down into lots of much smaller transactions and all processed at nearly the same time.  When the total market depth over a few dollar range is less than 2000 BTC, a single market sell will correlate to high transaction frequency and steeply falling price as it grabs every bid down the line until it finds exactly 2000 BTC. A sell like this will pick up all the tiny bids at 0.01 BTC, etc.  If you get a handful of sellers with large positions cutting their losses with market sells, you can end up with OP's interesting graph.  I was watching the clarkmoody feed last night and that was my first instinct.  Most of the rapid sell-offs seemed, in my non-scientific guesstimation, to amount to large round numbers - multiples of 1000 or 500, which suggest a single large sell.
@_date: 2013-04-24 16:37:21
Blockchain keeps track of outstanding balances tied to a given address. Check [here]( to see.
If the final balance changes, then someone else has been withdrawing BTC from this address.
@_date: 2013-04-24 19:32:37
Yes, you are correct that a wallet may have many receiving addresses.
The impact to A, B, &amp; C, from sending the 15 BTC is dependent on the implementation of the wallet software.  Generally, I would expect it to send 10 from one and 5 from another, selecting the oldest BTC first.  
However, any combo is technically possible.  Some wallets even allow you to choose which addresses and amounts to participate in a transaction.  You could select 5 BTC from each address and send to one recipient in a single transaction in such a case.
The blockchain balance for each individual account will reflect whatever deductions are made as part of that transaction.  In my first example, this would mean that A now has zero, B now has 5, and C still has 10.  While D, the implied recipient, now has 15 more than before.
Now, if D spends BTC and pays a third party E 7 BTC, the blockchain will show that D now has 7 BTC less, while E is 7 BTC richer.
I hope I'm helping.
@_date: 2013-04-22 18:09:39
I still have USD in bitfloor.  I got an email response from Roman on the 19th saying:






I expect he's being inundated with emails at this time.
@_date: 2013-04-24 13:33:27
Thanks, very helpful!  I'm not seeing that message on the home page, but regardless, my "processed" withdrawal is now set back to pending and my balance reflects my total USD.  
@_date: 2013-04-24 20:08:22
No, every single addition and subtraction is recorded specifically to the address it either came from or went to.  You can't obfuscate a transaction like that.
The perpetrator could indeed have spent 160 BTC from their wallet, from different addresses, and we wouldn't know.  We only know that the 160 tied to the recipient address hasn't been involved in any subsequent transactions.  If the perp wanted to move everything (e.g. 1000 BTC into an exchange account), we would see the 160 BTC from the recipient address become part of a larger transaction, possibly involving many addresses, all sending funds to a single address, for the sum total of 1000 BTC.
Lastly, no, the blockchain has no way of determining if A, B, and C are all part of the same wallet.  Usually, you can infer that they belong to the same wallet if they all participate as senders in the same transaction, but you cannot guarantee it.  It only means that the one  initiating the transaction has the private key for all three addresses.
@_date: 2013-05-02 13:53:38
Maybe Patrick?  This is a comedic gem that needs cutting and polishing.
@_date: 2013-05-02 14:58:33
You're a champion of mankind.
@_date: 2013-06-05 15:36:02
Thanks for your input.  I responded to winthrowe with one possible take.
Proof of work confirmation would be simple if the work function just requires that you beat the current best protein folding result for a given protein.  Finding the value of a given protein configuration is relatively quick. Determining if it is the best for a given protein is very very hard.  Instead, make the "absolute best configuration" be the running goal of the network instead of what is actually used for proof of work.
Also, instead of measuring difficulty by requiring a certain result from a specific protein, measure difficulty by the rate of newly confirmed solutions by the network.  Let's say we have one solution confirmed every day by the network.  We could say that comparative difficulty is high.  If 100 billion solutions are confirmed per day, then comparative difficulty is low.  Difficulty could then be used to scale proof of work rewards.
I don't know if such an approach would ultimately be viable. I'd want to give this a lot more time, but hopefully what I'm saying makes sense in terms of what direction this approach could go.
@_date: 2013-04-23 19:07:16
I emailed him at 10:43 am on the 19th.  I got a response at 10:44 am.  I imagine it was part luck and part simplicity of my question.  I still haven't obtained my USD yet, but the site still shows the message from the 20th stating that he's waiting for the bank check to arrive.  fingers crossed for all of us.
@_date: 2013-04-24 18:06:58
Blockchain doesn't track wallets, it only tracks addresses, which are atomic. Wallets can own many addresses.  If you generate a new address to receive funds, then whatever address sends funds to it will generate a transaction and record that X was deducted from the sending address and X was added to the receiving address - assuming there is no change sent back to the sender.
In OP's case, it looks like his entire address balance was sent (along with 2 other addresses) to the one recipient address.  This recipient address could be owned by a wallet that has many other addresses tied to it, but we don't know either way.  The only thing we know is that the total balance at the recipient address hasn't changed, so no one has done anything with the transferred BTC yet.  If any BTC does get sent to another address, then this will be registered in the blockchain as another transaction, with a deduction tied to the perpetrator's address.  This indicates that someone else does in fact have control of the missing funds.  If the funds never move, then either the perp never uses the BTC, or the address is somehow an unknown address that OP actually owns (like a hidden change receiving address), and somehow his BTC were transferred there without his knowing.
@_date: 2013-04-24 14:12:02
Make a note of who you sent 1 BTC to on Sept 6. Did you send to a friend, or another address you own? That address was also part of the transaction when you lost 160 BTC.  I'm not sure if it's significant, but it seems noteworthy.
Also, keep tabs on the receiving address.  Right now, all funds still reside there.  If it gets transferred to another address, you know that it was clearly heisted.
@_date: 2013-04-23 19:13:16
It would be an act of good faith if they posted a metric on the home page that listed the number of accounts settled and the remaining that are pending.  This way we at least know they're making progress.  If the number pending is non-zero, then we wait for further news or for our USD to show up.  If the pending number goes to zero, then anyone who hasn't yet received their funds can reach back out to them.  This would probably lessen their support email load.
@_date: 2013-06-05 13:02:02
Oh, I'm not trying to make light of the difficulties involved.  Just trying to express a thought and get others chiming in, so thanks for your response.  Given the difficulties, such a currency likely wouldn't have the same properties as BTC.  For instance, total BTC has an eventual fixed quantity, while I wouldn't dare guess how many protein folding solutions could be created.  But let's use protein folding as an example -
Arbitrary work function: take a protein from either an extensive public data set (or randomly generated) and compute a better folding configuration (not *the* best, just a better one than what's currently confirmed by the network).
The result would be simple for the network to verify that the new value is indeed better than the previous one.  At the beginning, computing new best values would be simple and fast for the entirely library of proteins.  Assuming this library of proteins is finite, then after some period of time it would become much more difficult to compute a solution as the solution space becomes solved.  
Also, while BTC block rewards halve after so many blocks have been processed, the rewards here could potentially increase from tiny solution rewards (based on frequency of network confirmations) to larger rewards when the frequency starts to drop (indicating that tougher problem spaces are being processed).
Anyway, I know I left a lot on the floor here, but I'm just trying to get more minds talking about this.
