@_author: metagravedom
@_date: 2018-01-07 11:44:40
so let me explain this for you up front. antminer is junk. you can build a custome miner more effectively and cheaper. as long as you pay attention to what coin is more profitable at the moment. you have to weigh the mining difficulty vs the value of the coin. once you mine said coin you then need to usually sit on it until the value jumps as its taken in by different market platforms. people will then invest in the newer coin as a way to jump from currency to currency. (newer coin is usually dirt cheap and provides a nice stable launch pad to wait out market volatility) 
@_date: 2018-01-07 12:31:11
i get the frustration trust me I'm also in the same boat at the moment but usually most places like coinbase tell you up front that your price is locked in and when the transaction goes through you will get what you paid for. just make sure you get that same treatment from coinmama, otherwise i would move over to another place tbh. 
If you want to jump on an alt coin its going to be really hard if you don't have the accounts already up and going. 
@_date: 2018-01-09 08:37:18
I suppose I should have phrased that differently.
I'm looking at the stock market from a much larger time line. sure we are pulling up but trust from the people has been diminished considerably. less people willing to throw money on the table means less potential in that market. 
most people that I know, that had investments are simply not willing to risk it anymore. the last time the market dumped it hurt a lot of people, and those people mostly now are constantly buzzing about bitcoin. none of them understand what it is or how it works but you can see that they are way more interested in crypto than the stock market right now. 
I even had a moment of shock when my grandmother asked about it, however i will say that the way she heard about it was a bit of a let down. (some scammer trying to get people to "loan" out their coins to make interest.) 
Either way if the stock market was being talked about as much as crypto i think we would all see a bigger jump in that market. right now the hype is leaning towards crypto, and it seems overall trust is leaning that way as well for the moment. 
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:58:41
"There are stock exchanges in the world based on US DOLLARS, euro etc. maybe we will have a stock exchange based on the bitcoin and we will have companies that their main currency is bitcoin" 
We do already have exchanges however none of them are really bound as an independent backed source of investment they all rely on the countries they operate out of for rules of operation and that is the part that worries me. regulation could easily be used to dismantle the market completely. even this new IRS business is pretty much going to put the breaks on investors that do 100's or 1,000's of small trades a day. I really see no other way then to appoint some kind of board that is in charge of all crypto regulation, fee's, taxes, and security. that board would have to be people that have created the currency i would think. how else do you get informed people to design and improve the market? idk maybe i'm wrong, maybe i'm over-reacting to the negativity, i just can't help this feeling like crypto is going to get bogged down or destroyed by something incredibly stupid. 
@_date: 2018-01-07 12:06:29
right now all platforms are experiencing issues keeping up with the demand. most trading platforms won't even allow new users to make a new account. your issue is probably because of the really high demand.
@_date: 2018-03-20 12:38:12
check the corresponding directory for the file and make sure its name matches the requested file. if the file is not there then I'm guessing you need to download the software and reinstall. "pack-age-electron" as boxhit said might be named "package-electron" in the directory and because of the file name being different it is unable to pull up the script. 