@_author: methtryitjustonce
@_date: 2013-05-03 23:39:04
Yes the answer *for now* is just buy BTC immediately before you spend them. For instance on mt.gox put in a "market order" for what you need, it exectutes almost instantly, and pay for your purchase directly from your "BTC wallet" there.
The price will stabilize *eventually*, because a lot of the big unknowns that are creating the volatility will become known - how widespread acceptance will become, whether it is ever attacked and what the results of that are, how governments and banks react and treat the currency, etc. etc. Marketplaces "like" certainty in terms of big questions like these, partially in price and particularly in terms of lowering volatility.
It's still a PITA but (going off-topic a bit), when you consider the gouging done by credit card companies (who charge merchants substantial %% on top of whatever fees &amp; interest they manage to collect from customers), Western Union, Moneygram, and the like, the appetite for a currency that is almost free (well under 0.1% transaction cost compared to 6-20% and more) to spend and send worldwide in minutes is huge. Because of this BTC or a roughly equivalent (litecoin) competitor is going to move in for good, especially as tools evolve to make it user friendly (as of today you still need to be somewhat tech savvy to use them).
@_date: 2013-06-07 22:02:48
It would be shooting themselves in the foot. By rejecting the accepted, uhh, meta-protocol so drastically, they'd in effect be creating Bitcoin 2, that was no longer decentralized but instead controlled by this cabal of early-adoption miners.
A bunch of people would discover they owned a bunch of these BitCoin2s (if anyone got the word out), supposedly "in place of" their BitCoin1s, but not really, since anyone sticking to the "old ways" will keep BitCoin1 alive and everyone will in fact have both n BitCoins and n BitCoin2s.
And who then, would be interested in buying what? Would there be a market demand anywhere to trade my hard-earned USD for this new cabal-backed Bitcoin2? I think the new currency would fall on its face, and a few defectors or a new group would keep plugging along the open-access open-source road, which would be the one that people believed had value. Unless we returned to &gt;50% attack ideas again, BitCoin would not ultimately be impacted much by these shenanigans.
@_date: 2013-12-22 16:26:55
I'm still a bit dubious of the value of this metric. One could constantly run their bitcoin through fog and introduce a steady artificial increase in the number, or wait a few years, send their coins to themselves, and still introduce a big spike. For instance, that could be what this whole incident actually was.
It's kind of an interesting number, but I'm coming away thinking it's not much more than that.
@_date: 2013-11-28 16:04:01
What's that strange paper coming out of his computer and I thought we were talking about money.