@_author: methelod
@_date: 2013-05-21 17:49:54
You could argue otherwise that philosophy is NOT always god for Earth's resources because at this point we have reached a point where our civilization is dependent on limited resources that will be quickly reducing as population increases, the counter to this would be to research new ways of using the resources we have including ones that were considered useless.
To do this requires spending of money but since you only spend when you need things by the time the need to research other ways of expending resources becomes a necessity it will be too late.
While we could be smarter with the resources we have, including the currencies we presently have which would negate the effect of deflationary currency on scientific research, we could also do that now, the problem comes in human greed.
@_date: 2013-05-21 21:31:32
Expand on that? (And it was built with stone, the work of the men producing it, at least a little bit of religious fervor and various other things.) I checked the wikipedia page and found almost nothing.
@_date: 2013-05-21 22:03:01
No. I'm asking you to explain what deflating currency was used/how it is relevant. I'm curious.
@_date: 2013-05-21 20:04:22
Which implies that it's running out as it loses accessibility to the general populace who want it. So, yes, oil will run out and it's naive to think otherwise given how slowly it is to create naturally and without scientific research to figure out how to create it or an alternative, we screw ourselves over which the deflationary economic model supports.
As for land, this is true but we will and are reaching points where the land that we has is becoming difficult to use efficiently enough to meet the general needs.
@_date: 2013-05-21 18:21:25
Immediately? Probably none. But for example, land, oil (Very important one) or really any other non-renewable resource. My point and problem with why deflationary economies aren't the greatest is that by focusing on needs they hinder the ability to invest towards the future because an investment today will be cheaper tommorow! So why would we spend it today when it can always wait?
@_date: 2013-03-15 08:47:47
Not really but they also have it set up that most people drive cars. Most people therefore realize there is a chance of their expensive car getting damaged so they buy the insurance. The market is already there, they don't have a need to make more people buy it because the process of doing so would increase the amount they payout.
Whereas with the other example, the market isn't as needed usually although it is still a bit silly but not quite the same.
@_date: 2013-02-24 06:14:58
I'm not educated in economics, economic theory, or anything like that in any way so this is all layman's speculation.
But wouldn't it logically stand that they would be better off by spreading their potential wealth? The rise of one system does not necessarily mean the other will crash. While they do influence each other, by spreading their wealth they create a safety net in addition to whatever profits are gained by investing in bitcoin.
So it depends.
@_date: 2013-05-21 20:24:01
Then prove me wrong rather then being condescending? Limited resources that get used up and never replaced disappear.
If I have an apple, and eat it, but all apple trees are dead and we have no apple tree seeds, all of the apples are gone. Economics doesn't change this.
Edit: Right. Evidently you are claiming that we don't have oil presently because of something in 1823 yet we are finding oil sources today. I understand that you think you are bright, but start sourcing and backing up arguments if you want to point out vague events and telling people to take courses.
Edit2: Let me clarify my analogy and my point against you. The oil is getting replenished at such a slow rate that it is effectively non-renewable, our only way of getting more is to find more sources of it. As with the apple, I have to find a new way to get apples somehow if I want more apples. While the price increasing can lower the amount used, eventually it will get to the point that our society is crippled because of the reliance on it.
@_date: 2013-05-21 20:21:58
Well, no. That's kind of the point and problem of the limited amount of bitcoins possible. It won't stop increasing in value as people use it because the amount of them that may be potentially held will go down once the cap is reached. This makes them more valuable for people who have them because there is less supply.
And you have missed my point. People will still invest in companies once deflation gets low enough. Said companies will ONLY produce necessities for people because the goal with a deflationary economy will be to increase the amount of it you have because the price on everything will continue going down as the value goes up so spending it on luxuries NOW is a bit silly because you can get it for less tomorrow or whenever the price goes down.
People in general may still buy luxuries and whatnot, but the odds of anything that does not show immediate value is liable to be worthless because it can be done for cheaper later as long as the value continues to go down, which by bitcoins design it will cause this.
And as a disclaimer, I quite like the idea of bitcoin, but we also should realize that bitcoin does have flaws and that they can be discussed and potentially addressed.