@_author: metz420
@_date: 2017-08-15 13:54:55
New ATH
@_date: 2017-10-09 23:10:18
Do these (or any Bitcoin ATMs for that matter) accept coins? I'd love to put all my spare change into a machine and have BTC sent to my address. If I'm willing to turn spare change into bills for a fee via coinstar, I'd totally do it for marked up BTC. 
@_date: 2017-05-30 22:33:54
That all makes more sense now, thanks. I plan on sitting by the side until its all decided. Buying through an exchange after UASF activation but not full adoption sounds risky, even if the price dips really low. I know its impossible to know, but how long are people estimating it would take for one chain to win out over the other?  Days, weeks, months? 
Just to double check, on electrum my private key is the seed + wallet password, yes?  
I've been thinking about a hardware wallet, I've got under 2 coins. Trezors are a bit pricey but likely worth the extra security. Maybe a ledger nano s... but trezors seem to be the ones I see recommended the most, the only downside being they don't support altcoins which I don't plan on getting anyways.
Thanks again
@_date: 2017-07-22 19:47:19
Would today be a safe day to transfer hodlings from electrum to a trezor? Mine should be arriving today.  What about the lock in tomorrow makes it risky to move from wallet to wallet?
And by what time zone does the blockchain abide by? Like if I tried to transfer at 8pm Pacific time, but it's already the 21st elsewhere, has it been "locked in" and dangerous to transfer?
@_date: 2017-07-22 20:15:06
Thans for the advice, sounds good. But do you know more about the safety of transferring my btc tonight?
I've read a couple other threads saying tomorrow is the official lock in for bip91 and that trading that day may be risky... and I'm not sure what time zone the blockchain is locked to, so it could be "tomorrow" for  bitcoin when it's still today in on the west coast. 
That question may not make sense, maybe I'm showing my ignorance here, but all I really want to know is will my coins be safe if I move them from electrum to a trezor tonight, Pacific time. 
@_date: 2017-05-30 19:24:04
Same here. I'm sure all of this has been explained before in other posts, even in this post, but I'm still trying to wrap my mind around this. UASF sounds great to a luddite like me, even if it means a big but temporary drop in price; I intend to hodl and will see the drop as BTC on sale(duh).  An ELI5 from someone who understands/supports UASF would be appreciated for the following questions: 
1) What is the best course of action for non-mining, luddite bitcoin holders like myself who hold all their coins in a wallet (say, Electrum) and not in an exchange?  If I understand correctly, the version of Electrum I have is fully ready for segwit and is signalling BIP148.  Is keeping my coins in a wallet signaling BIP148 enough of an action to take on my part? 
2) If UASF is successful, do my coins remain on the legacy chain since they were purchased before the UASF, even though they are held in a wallet signalling BIP148?  Will they be converted to the new standard/chain immediately? Or only when transacted, say, to another Electrum wallet? How would I convert them to the new chain with minimal hassle/fees if UASF succeeds?  I intend to hodl my coins for the long run, with a rare small transaction here or there.
3) If UASF fails, what does that mean for my coins in Electrum?  Is there a hard fork (My ignorance is showing here) and I now own two separate currencies? Or will nothing have changed, essentially, from what I own right now, just the risk of BTC fading away in market share/price/acceptance? Should I start buying/converting to ETH? I know most of you are going to suggest diversifying my portfolio immediately regardless of what happens
4) Finally, does anyone know what position Gemini has taken regarding UASF?  This is more out of curiosity as I haven't seen them mentioned anywhere regarding which exchanges stand on which side of the fence.  I initially purchased through Gemini and sent everything to Electrum once pre-credited deposits cleared.
Sorry again for asking questions that have likely already been answered, and for my excessive use of parentheses