@_author: mfjones1
@_date: 2017-10-22 02:55:00
As much as I feel affection for a fellow cool-aid drinker, you're wrong on pretty much every account. 
There is still more friction to initially enter the BTC market. To enter equities, you have to go to an online broker, enter your personal and bank information, wait 1-3 days, and begin trading with a click. For the majority of BTC users, this process is basically identical. They sign up for the most popular exchange in the same way they sign up for a e-broker. But they also have to do a bit of learning about wallents and whatnot. And since there is currently no "E-trade" company that they see on television, the learning process involves considerable friction and uncertainty. BTC will one day win in this category, but it is not yet there. 
Even if you were right about the friction issue, it still wouldn't be the reason BTC will be the "premier" investment vehicle in 3 years. The biggest reason people pick a certain investment is because of its superior risk/reward, not how easy it is to buy. People will go to extraordinary lengths to make money. A little entry friction is not the main concern. 
I agree with you that it will experience massive growth while becoming an integral part of the world economy in a short time frame. But it will reach an equilibrium faster than any other asset class before. It won't grow forever. Its market cap will reach a certain point, and then it will act more or less exactly like cash. It will be a store of value to be held while looking for stocks to buy. 
@_date: 2017-07-27 01:39:58
Thanks for the quick reply. So bank account is the cheapest even though its annoying to start up for the verifying period. I'm guessing credit cards are very safe and quick, but more expensive. 
I guess I'll just have to wait for my bank to verify. Can you tell me a bit about the risks of hooking your bank account to an exchange? I started the process with Coinbase and also Glidera through the Mycelium app. Is there any danger there? 
I was confused because the hype of bitcoin was that it was instant and free wealth transfer. I guess that only counts once you get out of the traditional bank system. 
@_date: 2017-07-27 01:48:29
Thank you. I'll wait then. I just got serious FOMO and want to start cost average buying bitcoin as soon as possible. If the equities markets started falling and money rushed into bitcoin as the new gold, I'd never forgive myself for not acting sooner. 