@_author: mhaddon3
@_date: 2014-03-03 16:07:45
6% fee to buy BTC at hand is pretty good.
ID, biometric had scan, phone number and a picture is not bad to support a bigger picture.
Robocoin did a great job in developing this machine to meet required laws, allowing bitcoin to tip toe into the market with ease of legal issues.
If you are a true bitcoin believer and true avicate of this actually happening.  It's not about the 6% fee that bitnational or any company needs to aquire to cover there over head and expansion.
It's about helping and believing in something that this world needs to set governments straight on how the world is run today. 
 Its better to grasp the big picture of what needs to change in this financial ruin of our time and not look at the small things that need to take place for this to work.
Companies like bitnational use finances to expand,  just like any company.  It's not like West Edmonton Mall is leasing out space for free.  
@_date: 2014-07-26 20:00:31
These regulations are absolute non sence.  
I believe if you want to look at Bitcoin operators, business owners or users as a MSB (money service business) should be all they can do.  
The rest should be out of their hands.  When freedom starts to be a mirage that seems real but isn't......it's time for people to wake up and start to stand there ground.
Bitcoin will be the largest revolution in the way we as people think about not just money....but how controlled we really are.
Enough is enough.  You can't control everything anymore.
Submitting finger prints to the FBI.......are you on crack or is someone just filling your pockets? (Control)
They are not protecting anyone from anything or else the financial institutions of our time, that already exists, would have these regulations and we would be submitting finger prints to use a bank.
But if we had to do this for banking......we would just use Bitcoin.
Then the US would really have some issues on hands.
In other words.........YOU ARE NOT PROTECTINO THE PEOPLE....
YOU ARE PROTECTION THE SYSTEM!!!!
WHY DO YOU THINK THE US IS IN A DEFICIT THAT THEY  WILL NEVER OVER COME?!?!
IT COULDNT BE THAT THE SYSTEM IS BROKEN?...
HSBC laundered more money in one transaction than the entire BITCOIN market cap.
Maybe it's time you look at the financial institutions instead of scrap ever dollar from a free bartering system created for the people by the people.
BITCOIN IS NOT YOURS TO TOUCH.......GET OVER IT.
@_date: 2014-05-01 03:28:46
WEST EDMONTON MALL.  :)