@_author: mhanne
@_date: 2015-06-20 04:00:32
a bit late, but you're right, there wasn't a good way to see the decoded inner script.
I've added it to the script debugger, so it shows the inner script along with the data it encodes.
@_date: 2015-06-02 20:07:34
I've been running  since 2011, as an open source / non-profit project. It supports bitcoin, testnet and namecoin blockchains, has an API, a script debugger and some charts/statistics. Also you can get a PostgreSQL dump of the blockchain data.
@_date: 2015-06-16 14:01:32
Damn that site is awful, playing ads in a loop making you think there is some content after it...
@_date: 2014-05-10 16:51:59
Well, they could resolve names, and verify that the record was actually in the blockchain. The only thing they can't prove is if there isn't a newer version of the record. But at least they can't be fed completely bogus data. Maybe just asking a few different servers makes it good enough for most cases.
@_date: 2014-12-14 23:39:21
The advantage of multisig is that there is no single point of failure (except your own decision how you spend your money :P)
When you have 50 BTC on a BIP38 protected key and want to spend 1 BTC, you have to give whatever wallet you use access to the whole 50. If that wallet is compromised or something goes wrong, your coins are gone.
With multisig, several different wallets on different machines need to be compromised/malfunction simultaneously to lose your coins.
@_date: 2014-12-22 22:46:07
You could try bitcoinjs. Quick search finds this issue that shows how it's supposed to work: 
@_date: 2014-12-01 15:48:52
Brawker developer here.
You're absolutely right, if we have your password, we can decrypt your seed and therefore get your money, because we also have one key.
But we don't have your password. Actually, your password never leaves your browser.
The simple way would be to require two different passwords, one for login and one to decrypt the wallet seed. But we can save you the trouble, and just derive two different passwords from the one you enter, using the "scrypt" algorithm - which makes it pretty much impossible for us to brute-force your "wallet-password" from the "login-password" our server knows.
Here's how this works: 
When you sign up, we take your password + email and run it through scrypt twice (with a different prefix so we get different results). One of the results is used as the "Login Token" and the other one as the "Seed Password" to encrypt the newly generated wallet.
To login, your browser only has to compute the login token, and send that to the server. The seed password is only computed when you want to sign a transaction, and never leaves the browser.
We will keep working on making the multisig process more transparent and even more trustworthy, and also add a blog post with a more detailed explanation soon.
@_date: 2014-05-10 17:53:31
Like the merkle root of a tree of all the currently valid names, in every block? That sounds doable, but I wonder if the partial trees on their own wouldn't get very big at some point.. 
@_date: 2014-03-31 20:27:42
Of course the buyer of bitcoins can see what he is about to order for you and choose a different offer if he doesn't like it.
@_date: 2014-12-08 15:44:09
Here's a graph of the total work done. We're almost at 4Y now, the amount of calculations is simply amazing.
@_date: 2014-03-31 22:04:21
We don't rely on any one exchange for the rate, and it is offset by a variable discount (currently 7% in favor of the bitcoin seller) to balance between supply and demand.
@_date: 2014-03-31 20:45:49
The 7% discount is where we put the cursor in order to find an equilibrium between people who want to spend their bitcoins and people who are willing to pay a premium for the convenience of purchasing some bitcoins with their credit card or Paypal account.
Right now it's 7% but if we see that there are more spenders than bitcoin buyers, then we will change it to 6%, 5% etc..
If in the contrary we see that there are more bitcoin buyers than spenders, then we will change it to 8%, 9%, 15% etc... until people find that it's really worth it to spend their bitcoins that way, even if it means replenishing right away at the market price and pocketing the discount along the way.
@_date: 2014-12-01 19:53:00
Creating the p2sh script doesn't require any private keys, only the public ones. We get those by also exporting the Master Public Key (MPK) of the wallet when it is created and storing it on the server. (That's not shown in the diagram). This allows us to generate the appropriate public keys on the server without user interaction and without knowing the wallet seed or password for it.
You're right of course that we have the hash of the original password, but the basic function of a hash is to be one way, so we can't "calculate" the password from the hash, only try different passwords and see if we get the same hash ("brute force" attack). That's why we are using scrypt to make this a lot harder for us - we'd have to compute a lot of hashes to check each single password, and it also adds a memory-intensiveness factor that limits it being parallelized.
It's a bit like BIP38 private key protection, where even simple passwords take a long time to brute-force.
As far as the login is concerned, yes, if someone can read your traffic to the server, they can use the password you sent to login. But this is the same for most sites, only that the password is sent in plaintext normally. On the backend, we treat the login token like a regular password and hash it again before we store it in our db. But even if you get the login token of a user, you can't use it to decrypt his wallet.
Actually, I'm glad if people ask these questions instead of blindly trusting us. We did a ton of work to make everything as bulletproof as possible, so of course we're happy to explain what we did :)
@_date: 2014-05-22 14:24:21
"JPMorgan Chase, on its proprietary trading desk, has a team that trades bitcoin. JPMorgan Chase has a bitcoin app. An in-house app that they have developed. I've used it, I've seen them use it. They are trading in bitcoin right now. Now, it's very very small amounts, because they are just getting up to speed with the market.  Never listen to what a central bank says. Always watch what a central bank does." 
@_date: 2014-03-31 20:49:49
We set our bitcoin price 7% above the regular exchange rate, in order to motivate users to sell their coins. We will adjust this value to balance between supply and demand.
@_date: 2014-03-31 20:58:10
You just put in the item you want to buy and it creates an offer to sell the appropriate amount of bitcoins. The buyers will have to be a little bit flexible and settle for an offer close to what they are looking for - but most probably don't have their budget calculated down to the last cent anyway. If they were going for $100 dollar, they might be satisfied with $98.95 or $104.50 as well.
@_date: 2014-12-01 21:22:23


We're not talking about a hash here, the MPK allows us to generate the full public keys that match the private keys of the user wallet.


Yes, basically! Only that we don't do it with a single keypair but use the resulting hash as a BIP32 wallet seed, so we can derive multiple keypairs from the same seed. And we don't send each individual public key to the server, but the MPK which allows the server to generate them. (Edit: Actually, we don't use the password hash as the seed directly. The seed is random and is encrypted with the scrypt hash of the password, before being sent to be stored on the server)
We're using the Stanford Javascript Crypto Library and BitcoinJS to do the hashing, key derivation, and signing in the browser.
Does that clear it up?


This is a valid point, we're still working on that front. We wanted to get the hot wallet off of our server as soon as possible and decided to launch as soon as it's secure and usable. As I said making it more transparent for the users is definitely the next step. We'll show you the whole transaction you're about to sign (decoded by the javascript) and also some details like which keys are involved in the p2sh address, etc.


Also on the agenda. We're aware of the security limitations of javascript; going forward we'll be looking for ways to interact with local wallet clients to do the signing. But it seems it might be a while until this works conveniently and is supported everywhere.
@_date: 2014-05-10 17:11:12
I'm not saying it's not a problem. But that just can't be avoided with thin clients.
Usually, in bitcoin you don't have it, because you're only interested in addresses that you control yourself, and you know when you sent your own money away.
But take for example the case where 3 people each have one key of a 2-of-3 tx. Now two people could spend the money, and the server could still tell the third one that it is still there. It only gives the client the funding tx, and the client has no way of knowing about the spending tx.
Electrum is also connecting to multiple servers nowadays. That's no reason for not needing the blockchain; you can always run a full node on your own server. But if you run a thin client, you have to make some compromises on who you trust in which situation.
@_date: 2014-12-19 17:20:21
Not if they are in the right order. The validating node will take into account previous transactions from the same block when validating. If the previous output is already spent by a tx in the same block, the second one will be invalid of course. But if the second one depends on the first one and both are valid, that is called a "chain of unconfirmed transactions".
Also note that "chained" unconfirmed transactions always have a priority of 0, so it requires lots of fees if you want to spend the same coin over and over rapidly.
@_date: 2014-03-31 21:59:00
You click "Reserve it", then the order is locked and you'll get a 5-minute countdown to place the order on amazon. (You can ask for more time if you need it)
@_date: 2015-01-10 20:26:47
Multisig is very young, these are only the first baby steps.
We're currently taking a "shortcut", in order to make it easily usable for everyone, by providing you with a simplified javascript wallet. An attacker who has access to our servers could change the code and harvest passwords of users who log in. But that's a far smaller risk than having the funds of *all* users sitting there to be taken *all at once*. If users look closely, they can see that something is wrong, and once people are starting to loose money, we will notice and fix it before a huge amount can be stolen.
I hope this year we will finally see more interoperability between different multisig wallets. Once you are able to use your local wallet to sign multisig transactions for services, there's no need to trust any website with any aspect of your key-handling anymore.
Remember, until a few years ago, the concept of trustlessly locking money until 2 or more people agree, was completely unheard of.
@_date: 2015-05-04 02:07:05
Here is the same graph plotted with dots, and updated regularly:
As you can see here, there are still plenty of blocks with only few transactions. I'll start worrying about hitting the block size limit once the white area (that is just starting to get visible on the bottom right) is growing, indicating miners actually feel pressure to make full blocks.
But since the size of a single transaction varies, the overall block size might be the more relevant graph to look at for that: 
@_date: 2015-08-05 20:03:49
 is also still there, and it's open source :)
@_date: 2015-03-21 08:34:22
Hi, we had some problems with our server recently so we're moving to a different one now. Something seems to have gone wrong moving the webserver, but this is purely a frontend problem, that doesn't affect the bitcoins in the multisig wallets. We're working to have it fixed ASAP, very sorry for the troubles!
Marius