@_author: miami-bum-machine
@_date: 2017-12-10 11:37:39
it is rare but in very extreme cases me patients can die from organ failure. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 20:03:47
Another bedbound ME/CFS patient here.
This is an excellent cause, one of the most under funded cruel and devastating diseases. It’s also been misunderstood dismissed and marginalised for years. Uk funding was ~10 million over the last 10 years compared to ~74 million for MS which has half the number of sufferers. A lot of that research in the Uk was been hijacked by psychiatrists (approx 7-8 million) who have hoovered up a lot of funding and blown it on poor research to try and promote their exercise based psych treatments which don’t work and harm patients. It’s a modern day medical scandal. Recently There has been a paradigm shift away from these treatments led by patients, Alem Matthews requested data via a FOI the university tried to vilify patients as vexatious, the court ruled these claims were unfounded and released the data paving the way for reanalysis showing that the research claims were bogus. Alem is sadly bedbound now unable to read, his mum reads him ME news and messages. The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have now dropped the psych treatments CBT and GET from their list of recommended treatments for CFS/ME and NICE in the UK are reviewing their guidelines. We desperately need biomedical research and the OMF are an excellent team and likely to be our best shot at solving this quickly.
@_date: 2017-12-15 13:23:10
Thank you! It means a lot... I’m  super grateful
@_date: 2017-12-10 09:26:05
This is an excellent cause, one of the most under funded cruel and devastating diseases. It’s also been misunderstood dismissed and marginalised for years. Uk funding was ~10 million over the last 10 years compared to ~74 million for MS which has half the number of sufferers. A lot of that research in the Uk was been hijacked by psychiatrists (approx 7-8 million) who have hoovered up a lot of funding and blown it on poor research to try and promote their exercise based psych treatments which don’t work and harm patients. It’s a modern day medical scandal. Recently There has been a paradigm shift away from these treatments led by patients, Alem Matthews requested data via a FOI the university tried to vilify patients as vexatious, the court ruled these claims were unfounded and released the data paving the way for reanalysis showing that the research claims were bogus. Alem is sadly bedbound now unable to read, his mum reads him ME news and messages. The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have now dropped the psych treatments CBT and GET from their list of recommended treatments for CFS/ME and NICE in the UK are reviewing their guidelines. We desperately need biomedical research and the OMF are an excellent team and likely to be our best shot at solving this quickly.