@_author: micefy
@_date: 2016-04-04 14:21:10
Sounds familiar, like IBM during the WW2. People never seem to learn from the history.
@_date: 2015-06-19 13:44:17
The reason for avoiding banks is the way money is created, from thin air through loans, with interest never created; leading to gap between "existing" and unpayable debt. The old paradigm of constant economic growth is based on the fact, that the amount of debt has to increase exponentially for any money to "exist" in the first place. 
That's why the interest-ripping is forbidden in the major religions, it always leads to a disaster. The decentralization part is just one aspect, which makes the system to be manipulated by some rich crooks harder. Still they can rig the BC markets by acting as whales easily, but that's only if people see the value in FIAT based on a few marketplaces.
There are many things to learn from these experiments, in the end money is just an agreement and hardly anything physical. We are slowly starting to understand what money is, so we can someday evolve above it :)
@_date: 2014-08-04 06:44:38
This is a straight result of the concept, where law has been marketed to be above morals to the people. Laws are created, when enough bribe money has been delivered to certain people with suits, while morals are made when something we people by majority consider "right". 
The big problem in the longer run is, that since laws are considered more righteous, they become morals. No-one with functional brain would not try to destroy the free internet, but slowly people are allowing it, due the appreciation of words on a piece of paper above humanity.
The whole "justice" institution is there to keep up the status quo, nothing to do with what is right or wrong according to basic human beings. Since critical and logical thinking is a rarity nowadays, pretty hard to see a free society anytime soon.
@_date: 2014-06-17 06:00:18
Since the current power structures are effective in using debt as an advantage using FÍAT currencies, Bitcoin is one key for creating a more sane worldwide economy. As a means of exchange it doesn't solve real problems, but it can be used as a tool for equality.
Usually you can make old structures obsolete by creating a better one, and we are talking about one. The deflatory aspect is pretty interesting, hopefully it encourages to save, which leads to less waste. The community is pretty strong, there have been ups and downs and despite of the pressure, Bitcoin is still going strong. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 07:34:51
Banks are corporations, whose product is the currency. Bitcoin is a peer-to-peer internet money without centralized institution or fees. The consumer can decide which means of exchange one uses, one created out of thin air as debt through loans with interest, or one based on community of users through processing algorithms.
We live in a trivial world and understanding how money works helps a lot to see the biggest flaws of today's way of thinking. Without banks funding wars, drugs, polluting companies, oppressive governments and so on. we would live in a totally different reality. 
So it's basically an ethical choice, is it worth supporting a basically criminal pyramid scheme bank just for a small convenience, or to use a new kind of Internet Money. Most of the current power structures lose their status the day most people use different money than them.
@_date: 2014-10-04 06:25:45
So we can get to the same level, as the high-level crooks from banksters to politicians, being above the law. The only straw they have is to make people too afraid to use the leveling tool called Bitcoin. 
Since the day the first law concerning the virtual world called internet was passed, we have moved towards a totally subjective society. Criminalizing the manipulation of 0's and 1's sounds absurd, but it happens when people forget what is "real".
FBI by it's core is a menace to society, from numerous false flag operations to punishing dissent. Naturally they don't want the same "rights" to the commonfolks. If you look at the thickness of the current law book collections, most likely there is nothing legal left, it just depends what the situation is and which ones are enforced.
For a single human standpoint, words on a piece of paper one never agreed on should be considered false, but the media indoctrination system has made the illogical things part of the status quo. Humanity is lost, when majority of people stop using their own ability to think about morals and ethics.
@_date: 2014-09-17 08:44:26
Banking crisis in real life terms is a situation, where certain corporations having cartel over a nation's currency decide to start stealing more from the common folks. Banks cannot really go down, since they just type in numbers on a datsheet, which becomes money via a bankster's magic wand.
The only thing which happens in a depression is, that banks just stop creating(lending) money, the resources like workers, natural resources and infrastructure stays the same. We are just blinded by the propaganda, that an godly hand of the markets is real.
That's why the consumer culture works as an efficient means of social control. When you don't understand how stuff works, you are easily mislead to believe all kinds of excuses to give away natural human rights and self-determination. Lobbying (bribing) is just a small piece in the bigger puzzle called the life.
@_date: 2014-07-28 10:41:59
The banksters know, that they need to get control over vastly more advanced product of exchange, than they currently have. Just type in some money, give it to a few politicians and you get the regulations needed. And if  a person don't comply, you can always further the agenda by stating you can end all of one's accounts if there is a no.
Bitcoin is a decentralized means of exchange, so basically you cannot implement regulations without changing the source code, unless people start to comply with these silly brainfarts. With Euros/Dollars the governements can manipulate your balances with help of banks (Cyprus), but if we can make BTC as an option to everyday errands, the regimes have very little power.
We have gone past the time, when people actually had a say in the law-making process, due the implementation of Corporatocracy. BTC could be  the way towards a real "power of the people", if we actually started to move away form these corporations and have actual local economies. Impact on developing countries could be huge, since there the people don't take every dumb written word on a lawbook serious. 
@_date: 2014-07-21 12:48:19
The current "value" of Bitcoin is still pretty minimal compared to the FIAT currencies, if we simply look at amounts of them existing. There would be  about 0,03 BTC for each human, if shared equally, where the banks don't even have a clue, on how many trillions of USD/EUR there are in circulation.
The big difference comes in structure of the means of exchange. The monopolized inflatory money from banks requires, that there has to be infinite monetary growth in order to make numbers match due the uncreated interest. The bank just tells you their numbers are worth this and that, absurdily most people take that as some kind of truthful procedure. BTC seems like more reasonable choice, would take days to write down all the reasons here.
So if the invisible hand of the market is real, one Bitcoin can be exchanged for millions of dollars in the future. As a side note, claiming ownership on virtual numbers on a datasheet somewhere seems kind of weird considering the physical world we live in. In the end it's just a mindgame majority of the world's population is just grown up with, and worrying about these constructs is just waste of time in our short visit on this planet.
@_date: 2014-06-14 12:23:54
Banks are the biggest threat naturally, especially because their "product" is inferior in most cases, like the production mechanism of means of exhange by just typing in numbers and jerking the "magic wand" of a bankster.
The reason why the current banks won't make cryptocurrencies is, because it's easier just type in numbers on a datasheet via customers making loans, than actually make any relations to something like a physical object, not to mention using computing power to solve algorithms.
The biggest threat imo is the people, be it some short-sighted miner sacrificing the future of the coin just to get a few rewarding bytes or a normal person ignoring how the monetary systems actually work, thus having blind faith for FÍAT money.
At the age of information it should be not too hard to research all the possibilities and flaws in these systems and decide what suits one best. The old Ponzi monopoly currency paradigm is falling hard, so should expect many funny desperate efforts to stop the society from advancing :)
@_date: 2014-09-04 06:48:22
Funny, since average family property has halved since the 70's in the US. The argument is true though, if we look out of the box and understand, that debt=money (USD/€). So diving deep into debt is the only thing keeping the ponzi scheme running, and ignorance is the main tool for the fraud to continue.
FED has very little to do with the govenrment and actually nothing to do with reserves. A private corporation making profits with monopolized setting, totally useless for normal people, since they produce 0's and 1's for bank-to-bank schemes, not the actual consumer dollars.
@_date: 2015-08-03 09:04:05
Seller is the one deciding about the price, it depends if it's an individual or an easily manipulated trade platform. If all the current bitcoins would be spread evenly with everyone, a individual share would be about 2mBTC. In that sense, a few hunred €/$ or so seems pretty much an understatement.
It's an agreement, which is being persuaded to people who have pretty misguided understanding about what money is. Some see value as an investment, the technology, decentralization or other artificial concept of the mind. The price is developed by mix of different motives, such as the invisible hand of the markets like the fundamentalist-economists like to call it lacking actual knowledge and understanding.
We are so used to the top-down pricing system, so most see the value only in numerical terms. Being an alternative to bankster ruling mechanism, potential world-wide-ledger and open source, the possibilities based on such solutions are really underestimated.
@_date: 2015-09-14 09:24:56
Started to figure out how money works in 2010, from creation through loans to circulation from one worthless stock to another. That made me look for alternatives, so ended up mining some BTC:s with a lame Sempron processor which couldn't take the heat eventually.
Being a technology and society-oriented person this seemed like a wonderful idea to get rid of the crooked banksters rule until I realized, how easily the "price" can be manipulated and how mining became industrialized away form end-users. 
It's always human willful ignorance, which destroys these nice ideas and through time the ability to see things objectively disappears, if one has vested interest on things like cryptocurrencies. Used to have great conversations about the future of different structures of money, now it seems people just look cryptocurrencies to make a profit.
Anyhow it has been a great opportunity to see what people do when offered the power to get rid of oppressors, too bad majority cannot actually imagine a life without debt slavery. We are anything but rational beings, so understanding things like means of exchange might be a too hard to figure out. 
@_date: 2016-07-29 11:11:16
No. In the current FIAT money system central banks only create money to use between banks themselves, not normal people or companies. The commercial banks on the other hand can create as many virtual bytes they like, through loans, as debt. 
There is actually no such thing as "inflation" of currency anymore, since nobody knows how many there are these "tokens" existing, due the fact money disappears magically when loans are payed back. Then there is the interest part, which is exponential and is never created.
So in a historical perspective, the old "theories" are obsolete, since the monetary system is so much different from before. There is no actual logic behind, so it's so easy to fool the people, since they are too lazy to look around, what's actually happening. 
@_date: 2016-07-19 12:00:18
Pretty weird, that the miners randomly get the "pot" of created bitcoins, but still they should get more? Correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't a transfer of 20 BTC require the same effort as 0,02 BTC (bookkeeping method)? The BTC system seems more and more illogical, the older it gets. 
@_date: 2016-07-18 17:05:29
Yes, the less I have to deal the Euro ponzi banks, the better. In Cyprus they emptied the savings accounts (bail-in) some time ago, soon that will happen in Italy and will continue to other places too, since most people have no clue about basic economics.
A great rule of thumb is, one should keep that amount in banks, which one is ready to lose. The Euro system is so inheritly flawed structurally, that it will collapse, it's a mathematical fact. Surely the BTC "value" jumps up and down, but no corrupt institution can steal them and no need to fight with ever-increasing bank account rules and the employee's shitty behavior. 