@_author: michael_mk_
@_date: 2016-05-03 14:48:11
What I see here is people assuming he's going to move a coin not directly associated with Satoshi, which is possible, given his background of providing fuzzy evidence. Of course, if he moved a coin from the very early blocks, which, supposedly, only Satoshi could have mined, I think most would be convinced, including myself.
The thing is, he doesn't even have to move a coin at all. He just needs to sign a message with the private key whose public key is in the Genesis block. That is all. That's the most straightforward and reliable way of proving he is who he says he is, and yet, he isn't doing that. He has chosen to be ambigous.
It is comprehensible to hold some doubts on the credibility of this guy, given that he has been accused of plagiarism before, has claimed to hold a PhD from an institution that doesn't recognize it, and has created a bizarre, seemingly pointless blog, full of plagiarism as well, by the way. If this is who Satoshi really is, well, even though I'm nowhere near as smart as even this Craig character, I would be very disappointed, and I think it could somewhat affect the reputation of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-05-02 21:40:42
LOL, this pretty much seals the deal for me. This guy isn't Satoshi. There's obviously some merit that should be given to this scammer, and he's obviously an intelligent guy, but this isn't what you would expect from the creator of Bitcoin, IMO.
It's like this whole site was prepared in order to back this "big reveal". It was registered this February...
@_date: 2016-05-03 17:40:20
I think most agree that a message signed by Satoshi's key is good enough. There are only a few people that dismiss that as well, but if we can't accept that as convincing evidence, then there is pretty much no way for someone to  claim to be Satoshi. An early block loosely connected to Satoshi isn't good enough either, though. 
I agree that this is entertaining. Love these stories, although I'm a bit worried about what could possibly happen to Bitcoin's reputation too... That Variety Jones story was fun as well.