@_author: michaelbelshe
@_date: 2015-06-08 21:54:29
BitGo also sees this in droves.   This has been happening basically since we launched the product.  Brian Armstrong also noted some time ago that it happens to Coinbase articles too.
The pattern is always the same:  sudden, large numbers of downvotes just a minute or two after the post is made.  Sometimes you'll even see a some nice upvotes, followed by sudden downvotes.
Reddit moderators have confirmed that the downvote patterns look suspicious...
@_date: 2015-05-01 22:17:01
This wasn't reactionary - it has been on our todo list for some time (to disclose how bitgo will handle patents).  It wasn't urgent, however, because there is no patent yet.  This flareup is creating a reason to post, so we're doing that now.  But again, remember there is nothing to do at this time - we don't have a patent on this.
@_date: 2015-05-01 22:30:40
Thanks for taking time to read it.  
By the time I jumped in on this thread everyone had already made conclusions, so I decided to talk about the important part - "what we'd do if we had a patent" rather than the less important part - "what is the patent".
So let me answer your question now:  no, it isn't a patent of multisig.  Clearly multisig was invented by others, not by us, and pre-existed bitgo.  I never thought it tried to claim that.  if the legal form of the claims are too broad and need rewriting, that'll happen.
@_date: 2015-05-01 22:41:16
Making everything open source is a way to establish prior art.  However, it isn't always the best defensive position.  Often, patent defenses hinge on 'trading patents', where you trade your 6 patents for my 4 patents.  Establishing prior art is both expensive and risky; I'm pretty sure most patent lawyers will tell you that it is one of the less common defenses. 
I am not arguing that this is right or good.  I'd much prefer to see the patent system abolished.  But to pretend it doesn't exist or that it doesn't apply to bitcoin is silly.
@_date: 2015-05-02 05:40:54
hard not to like expresscoin today.  nice job guys.
@_date: 2015-05-22 21:55:08
If you're looking for security for your hot wallet, that's what we do at BitGo.  We can upgrade your legacy single-key hot wallet to a multi-sig hot wallet in less than 1 hour and with minimal development changes.  If you need proof-of-reserves or audits, we can help with that too.
@_date: 2015-05-01 17:37:51
As the author of that patent, I guess I have something to say.
First off, note that I also was the co-inventor of spdy, which is has just recently become http/2.0. During the course of creating spdy, we filed a slew of patents. I, and the other engineers on the spdy team, all made sure that google was willing to give that IP away for free before we filed the patents. Why? because we recognize the value of making technology open, mitigated with the reality that all your competitors have patents too. Google came through on its promise to give away the IP.
You can also read my personal blog about making patents defensive (circa 2008), which predates most of the defensive patent work which has ever been done: 
Anyway, there is no patent today. There is a filing. If it is prior art, that will come out and the process will have worked. If it is indeed unique, the patent will be issued, and I will make sure that it is used in very beneficial ways reflective of my past writings and behavior. In the end, I hope the community will be grateful to BitGo setting the example how to do patents right. But this is premature, there is no patent yet.
I know everyone here on reddit loves a lot of drama, but really, this was all unnecessary. If you don't like the patent office, take that up with your senators (I agree, btw, as you can read here: 