@_author: michestrebou
@_date: 2019-12-30 19:41:37
Recommending that to a non expert user is not sensible
@_date: 2019-12-30 18:26:49
Your argument is flawed because you say it is like a change in physics as if it would change everything and we cannot know what will happen. However, if we knew that gravity would change on a certain date, to a pre-specified constant, and physicists have that information they would be able to "price that in".   
Obviously considering all the possible implications of that would be really hard/impossible, such as a change in gravity would impact some things that are predicted very easily, but will also have unpredictable effects. However, that's a different topic.  
What happens during the halvening is specified in CODE. What the dynamics will be after that, that is a different discussion, but you can rest assured that a lot of people are doing those sorts of analyses, and acting on that. If they think the price will go up, they buy, until they think it does not make sense. Therefore, markets reach an equilibrium.  
On the other hand, if the halvening where to happen in a completely random moment, and the amount of rewards given to miners changes to a random amount, THAT would be something that cannot be priced in.
@_date: 2019-12-30 18:51:06
People buy coffee from coffee producers. Demand is stable. Supply goes down because an earthquake kills half the coffee producers, which reduces supply by 50%. Therefore price goes up, and quantity goes down. This easy.
If you plot price in Y-axis and quantity in X-axis, demand is a negative-slope curve, and supply a positive-slope curve. This supply shock moves the supply curve inward (to the left and up). There you find your new equilibrium point.
If people KNEW about the earthquake beforehand, they just buy coffee until the price is just below the future price after the earthquake. See the similarities with the halving?
@_date: 2019-12-31 06:44:39
If you want to write an introductory book to explain Bitcoin to general people, you don't name it "What the Government Doesn't Want You to Know About Bitcoin"
That title sounds like it belongs to a clickbait BuzzFeed article.
@_date: 2019-12-31 15:03:28
Depends on your use case.
If you need to trade often, whatever is larger than your usual trading needs is better probably on a hardware wallet.
If you don't need to trade often, it depends on how much of a sophisticated user you are. Once the amount of money you'd lose makes you worry enough so that you dedicate a few hours to fully understand all the implications of having a hardware wallet.
I have read countless examples of people losing their seeds and losing their BTC in hardware wallets because they never fully understood the implications of their actions. This last step is very important, since for some people the probability of self sabotage is greater than the probability of for example Coinbase defaulting on their Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-12-31 20:39:32
Your strategy is almost equivalent to going and betting 3.5 K on the roulette on red. ~%50% chances you get 7K back, so that you can buy your one Bitcoin with 3.5K only.
But also 50% chances of losing 3.5K, which is what would happen if BTC goes up 50% and you realized you did not buy at 7K, hence you virtually lost 3.5K in  a purchase you did not do due to greed.
tl,dr: what you are doing is a bet, don't do it unless you don't mind beating over yourself later. Use dollar cost average and don't think more about it.
@_date: 2019-12-31 06:48:17
Miners HOPE the price goes up. If it doesn't it will not be economical for them to continue doing so, and the ones with less efficient hardware will stop doing it. After a while the difficulty will adjust, and that's it. 
Bitcoin doesn't need to keep going up just to "support miners"
@_date: 2019-12-30 18:40:54
Well, but then financial analysts "price in" the market value of a company when its CEO announces something. Do you think they know FOR CERTAIN the value of the company? No, they just reach some sort of consensus, considering the facts at hand. When quarterly financials come out, they adjust their estimates then.
If a company splits the value of their shares, that is priced in. If the government imposes some changes in regulation in 1, 2, 4, 8, and 16 years, they ALSO price that in, with changes in the later years being more heavily discounted, as it should be. Obviously, there is uncertainty in everything. But saying that something is not priced in, is literally saying that people are estimating the price of something to be WITHOUT KNOWING a certain fact.
And here everyone that matters know that the halvening is happening. Now, putting on a pitch deck for a fund that they will make money because a halvening is happening and the price will go up since it was not priced in, is basically bullshit trying to convince investors that in the Bitcoin world there are different laws for gravity and such.
@_date: 2019-12-31 14:55:08
So are you saying that Bitcoin was RADICALLY less secure in mid 2017 when the price was 3K because there was less hash rate in relative terms? If so, why didn't it get 51% attacked all the time then?
There is a paper that Eric Budish that makes the math using game theory to determine in which cases a 51% attack would make sense and I don't think we need infinite hash rate as miners want us to believe.