@_author: michaelmateria
@_date: 2013-04-02 05:44:15
Double Spending and Confirmations/verification is something we're looking into. Due to the business model of webcams, a camshow is unable to take place until a certain number of confirmations has been taken place.
**See update made in main post** We may have to accept payments in advance first and use our own system to calculate transactions.
@_date: 2013-04-02 05:09:31
Camming is our bread &amp; butter, so we're concentrating on that. We do have other adult bitcoin ideas we will do research on after we figure out the best way to integrate bitcoin payment.
Thank you! With bitcoin, you may not have to pay such a premium =). High prices are mainly due to credit card payment processing.
@_date: 2013-04-02 07:40:13
I see that natively accepting and using bitcoin is not a problem. Has many benefits. 
Bills can't be paid with bitcoin (yet). Our current system works by getting tokens into money and we then wire money to the models accounts. Models can either keep them in BTC form, exchange it themselves, or have us exchange it for them.
@_date: 2013-04-02 07:14:23
This completely opened my eyes on the entire idea. I can see this working out.
I don't see it needing to become two separate companies. Based of what I've seen other bitcoin sites have done and borrowing current camsite operation, guests (anonymous users) would be able to fund a temporary wallet (to receive shows) or directly send btc tips to a model.
I see how the wallet works and that is how we would like it to work.
Hahaha. Yes, It was just a simple example. I don't plan on making it 1btc a minute.
Thank you for your help. The information you provided is going to help me plan a camsite around what bitcoin already has built-in and I like that. I never liked the idea of non-bitcoin camsites using tokens/gold/coins but I saw that it needed it technically and legally.
@_date: 2013-04-02 07:46:01
I'll check out the video first thing in the morning.
@_date: 2013-04-02 05:33:14
We currently offer a referral/agent based system. You bring us a model and we'll give you a percentage of how much they make.
As for a white-label of our camsite, we do not plan on offering a white-label. We've seen what WL's have done to other camsites and it seems to cheapen the product.
@_date: 2013-04-02 07:48:34
I can tip you by giving you credits when the site is in operation or see if any of my models are interested in giving you a Skype Show ;P
@_date: 2013-04-02 06:53:00
Great response, Thank you.
Yes, I apologize. I've been reading up on bitcoin on the investment side but not technically. Trying to catch up.
Do you see any possibilities in seeing both being in existence? Being able to stay anonymous without an account and another option of being able to get more benefits with registering an account?
Option two seems like the way to go. Models like to know who they're dealing with, as it creates a community, a relationship, ... 
With option two, it allows us to control the wallet and work with its funds instantly? That's that we need. How much control does the user have from this wallet? Is it possible that the user spend the btc elsewhere?
Example: User has 100 btc in their wallet. It costs 1btc per minute for a show. The user is in the middle of a show and has spent 50 btc. During the show, the user uses the wallet and buys something off silkroad, bitcoinshop, ...
Edit: We also cater to models that work from home also. They could be on any continent =).
Edit 2: If we're able to work with the wallets instantly, we could have model accounts have their own wallet too. BTC can be transferred to their wallets and they could either keep and use them in BTC form or send a certain amount to us to be exchanged to USD.
@_date: 2013-04-02 04:55:46
BitPay is a solution we're looking into. We need to see if its API is desirable and integratable with a camsite business model. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 06:26:03
If you're interested in being an agent. Feel free to message me directly. At this time we currently only work with other camsites and work with the models directly. We do not operate our own camsite. Visit our site,  for more information. This thread is to learn about bitcoin and research ideas about our own camsite. 
The update is me thinking outloud. Bitcoin is new to us and we're trying to see how we can combine bitcoin and the camsite business model. At first, when thinking of using bitcoin, I thought it would be simple to be able to take btc directly out of someone's account as they were using our camsite service. 
Example, per second/minute in a private show with a model). BTC would be taken out while they are in a private show. If they run out of BTC, they can't continue the show.
To be able to do that we would need access to their wallet and from what we've read, that is open to all sorts of security issues.
The update briefly explains that we would be able to accept BTC payments from users to our account. After verification, we credit their account with the amount they sent. They can then use the amount they have in their account until it runs out. Actual BTC transactions will only happen when receiving payments from the user and when we payout our models, agents, etc. *(unless they want USD, etc)*. Sorry if this is confusing. Pre-paying basically... This allows the model to guarantee she is being paid without having to deal with confirmations.
@_date: 2013-04-02 05:24:35
Our studios are fully equipped with webcams that output 1080 HD video streams. We completely plan on having our site output HD. Not all models may have it enabled due to personal preference and our servers must be able to handle the load.
@_date: 2013-04-02 05:35:14
Ahaha. Sometimes having HD isn't always a good thing. In some cases, it is a marketing strategy. A few of the models use HD only in private/premium shows or the first few months they work, they only offer SD and upgrade later. Keeps people coming back.