@_author: michaeltherocket
@_date: 2018-02-19 12:22:58
Well, it seems more dramatic than it actually is. 
Yes, the truth is that Polish National Bank introduced a campaign that warns people about dangers of bitcoin.
But the other fact is that, unfortunately, Polish YouTube scene is full of people that just want to make money. Many of the YouTube creators would sell content of their channel for a low price just because they don't have any long-term cooperations. Also the market of YouTubers in Poland is really well organised - with Multi Channel Networks which work just like talent agencies. 
The fact is that the cost of the campaign according to this article was over 91k PLN (~27k USD).
BUT including paid media cost of Google (probably YouTube only) and Facebook ads. 91k is fairly little budget to even promote a video material on social media.
So I guess that the cost of video production of the video was about 31k. Since it was proceeded through a Multi Channel Network that aggregates different YouTubers, that guy probably earned 50% of it - that is 15k PLN (4,5k USD). Not so shocking now, right?
(Of course the numbers above are based only on my professional experience are not confirmed in any way).
So the point is that many people just rants on the guy but in my opinion he didn't earn much money for that (relatively) and probably even don't support the idea. I don't say it's a good or a bad think, it's up to you.
Also, the National Bank can introduce any campaign that they want to support their claims. I think that in some way this maybe even meet with positive feedback (National Banks worries about your money).
@_date: 2018-02-19 17:32:55
~~Well yes, YT requires to disclose that the material has a product placement or endorsement but in this case:~~
YT requires to disclose THEM that the material has a product placement or endorsement but even if they required to disclose this to the public:
- he doesn't endorse a product, only a social campaign without a product per se (it's more of a loophole actually)
- but more importantly - he doesn't disclose what is the campaign or says the name of Polish National Bank, he just made a video on bitcoin - so it's not a product placement, even if the "idea" or "opinion" is considered a "product" by YouTube.
