@_author: michdc_
@_date: 2018-06-15 09:05:18
While I agree with the majority of what you said (except for 'countries jumping around in joy' when the price skyrocketed to $20k?), I have lots of difficulties with everyone assuming that mass adoption would equal the price going up.
Regardless of the discussion if it will ever happen concerning Bitcoin: let's assume mass adoption for the sake of this conversation. By definition both market demand and market supply will increase. What happens to the price? We cannot know. It might go up indeed, but it might as well go down depending on the individual impact of both shifts and how they relate to each other. 
A lot of people seem to confuse the market supply of Bitcoin with its 21 mil limit. The latter, however, does not impact the price at all. No, Bitcoin does not have a fixed supply curve whatsoever (you would basically be assuming that no variables exist that could influence its market supply - what could possibly be the reason for that?), and therefore it's wrong to assume that price can *only* go up when demand increases in the case of mass adoption. It's important to remain cautious when trying to formalize certain theories, but a world of $4k mass adopted Bitcoin is certainly an option.
EDIT: Clarification 
@_date: 2018-03-30 12:25:48
By that definition of scarcity, nothing would be scarce. Bread wouldn't be scarce because bakers can produce them at will. Ignoring the fact that resources to print fiat currencies and produce bread is limited, it is the fact that we (the ordinary citizens) don't have unlimited access to fiat currencies and bread, that makes them scarce by definition. 
And, as I said before, it is the willingness to buy and sell that determines the price. Bitcoin's limited supply would only be of importance in case demand can keep up, which takes your social evaluation into account to determine if this is a likely possibility in the future. It is here, however, that most people will disagree with each other. 
@_date: 2018-03-31 14:46:36
Well, we don't go incredibly deep as to study different applications and comparing them technically. We are not blockchain experts - far from. Of course, financial institutions (and other industries) will rely on blockchain experts to see what specific applications they could derive in order to successfully transform their business models because some definitely view it as a disruptive threat to their current models. The perspective depends on what branch you're in. Economics is very broad.
Our focus (at least in my field) is mostly on very general issues it can resolve, such as the potential of record management in countries and industries where trust between two parties is partially absent, or even non-existent. I simply lack the technical expertise to look at different blockchain applications at their core level. The beauty about it, is that different fields of study all come together, but no-one can have it all, so cooperation is necessary. 
So from my perspective, Bitcoin itself isn't necessarily part of the bigger story, although for others it definitely is. Bitcoin failing or succeeding, staying or disappearing is most likely independent from the blockchain's future. Anyway, that's something I don't want to risk drawing conclusions about. 
Let me say it differently: I don't look at the blockchain itself. I look at economic problems, development problems, inherent contradictions part of our current systems, and sometimes add blockchain to certain discussions wherever suitable, because it is something we cannot deny is happening. 
@_date: 2018-03-31 12:22:19
I'm a Msc Economics student (research field), and I mostly just lurk here because the psychological mechanisms behind the hype are pretty interesting to witness. Also, a lot of the threads and comments in here are pretty entertaining.
However, most of the times, it saddens me to see how many people base their speculations on nonsense strategies without having even a basic understanding of concepts such as supply and demand, and how they interact with each other to determine market prices. People think they understand, but most of the economic theory you find in here doesn't make sense and is plain wrong. 
In our classes, we don't spend much time discussing Bitcoin at all. It is considered to be a purely speculative asset, and no-one is willing to risk guessing what direction it will go to, because we simply cannot do valid predictions. Not all economists agree, but it is very likely we are watching a bubble burst, which is not a bad thing at all because the world knows about blockchain now, people see opportunities and others see threats. All in all, this gave a massive boost to innovation which is ultimately the most important thing.
We do, however, spend time discussing the blockchain and what opportunities and threats it brings along. There is absolutely no doubt the technology can be ground-breaking and completely redefine our financial system, and probably the most interesting thing about it is its potential to provide access to financial services for the poor and lower class people that don't have it now. Therefore, a lot of research is done investigating its potential in developing countries and how it could contribute to e.g. retail markets and potentially redefine concepts such as property etc, which remains a big issue over there.
Anyway, TLDR: economists focus on the opportunities and threats of the blockchain, and how it can potentially define the future and our monetary system. We do not really care about Bitcoin and its price development as long as banks aren't massively invested, which was the case in 07-08. 
@_date: 2018-03-30 11:56:22
Your social evaluation basically boils down to the assumption of Bitcoin mass adoption which is very unlikely. Yes, we will probably see a slow integration of the technology into our monetary system, currencies will adapt and governments will create their own. There is no solid reason to believe Bitcoin will conquer all.
Also, your mathematics don't make sense at all. The market price is determined by demand and supply, but the fact that Bitcoin has a limited supply has no direct impact at all. Not even indirectly, since everything in this world is considered scarce. Bitcoin is no exception. When we talk about supply and demand, we talk about the amount of BTC (expressed in dollars) people are willing to sell versus the amount of BTC people are willing to buy. If no-one is willing to buy a unit above (or on) the market price at a given platform, sellers will be forced to set a price below the market price, which will cause it to decrease. That is the only mathematics that matter, and the fact that there's a limited total supply does not come into play at all. You (and many others) are just gambling on the fact that demand will always outweigh supply in the long run. However, there are no valid indications that this is going to be the case. 
Of course, you're free to believe in yourself, but sometimes it feels as if 99% don't even know the basic power play between demand and supply, yet they can foresee the future. 
@_date: 2018-03-31 11:28:13
This. Blockchain has tremendous potential to reshape our financial system as we know it, and it's definitely groundbreaking, but it's a weird leap of thought to assume Bitcoin will replace it all. People don't seem to realise that the blockchain's potential to boost innovation and redefine our monetary system for the best, can perfectly go hand in hand with Bitcoin not going to the moon at all. 
Choosing a cryptocurrency to hoard in the current stage of innovation, exploration and development, will always be a gamble. The real answer might not even be here yet at all. 
@_date: 2018-04-01 02:29:30
If you assume Bitcoin will remain the most popular and adopted cryptocurrency, and that translates in an ever-increasing demand that keeps up with supply, you are most likely correct that you want your share of the pie early on. However, the future of cryptocurrencies can head into so many directions, it is nearly impossible to say it will play out that way with a decent probability. I am more keen to believe that governments and financial institutions will always have enough power to make sure it doesn't get that far (whether or not this is a good or a bad thing is a different discussion), and therefore I find it more likely we will eventually start integrating their own applications (which they are all looking into already). 
Beware not to make the mistake drawing conclusions such as "because Bitcoin's total supply is limited, it can only go to the moon". Its price is determined by the market supply, which is a different concept. 
@_date: 2018-04-03 10:02:03
Correct. In their hatred towards financial institutions, people turn a blind eye to the fact that human nature is inherently manipulative and power-hungry. If banks cannot exploit us anymore, others will naturally live up to that task. 
@_date: 2018-04-01 02:12:25
Thanks for clarifying that the blockchain is just one of the components. As I said, I am basically the opposite of an expert, but merely interested in how some properties could contribute to solving specific economic problems. I think this definitely proves that being an economist does not imply a decent understanding of cryptocurrencies at all. We try to look at it from our own point of view, which is rather narrow. That's what I'm trying to stress mostly. Everyone is still learning and exploring, and the same goes for me. 
Apologies if my mention of Bitcoin as a speculative asset gave you the wrong feeling. Of course we do not inherently view Bitcoin as a speculative technology, but from our point of view (that is, seeing the incredible price evolution it went through and how the masses started getting invested), we do regard it as speculative phenomenon complementing everything you've said, because you're totally correct. Everything else is mostly a different field. 
@_date: 2018-04-01 03:01:31
I totally agree! I just don't really study blockchains, but if I would, it would indeed be unwise to leave out the most important one right now. I look at the "ideal" picture and think of those general implications in certain industries, but that's as far as it goes. I'm assuming computer sciences and related fields will look more into the things you're describing. 
Basically, to continue my previous example, I'm in development economics class and we have a look at some of the major economic models. Then the issue of trust comes into play, and we have a one minute discussion about cryptocurrencies without going into technical details because basically no-one in the classroom (including the professor) has the expertise to do so. We leave it up to the specialists to further develop and improve the technology, and from that point we will see.
You are correct that it might not make sense that there is demand for anything else besides Bitcoin (for the reasons you've listed), but there are a few things to take into consideration that can (and probably will) affect the eventual outcome. Would governments and financial institutions allow Bitcoin mass adoption? How will they try to adapt? How will they try to maintain as much power as possible? What are potential dangers of Bitcoin mass adoption? Would the economy be necessarily better off? Is an inflationary currency necessarily worse than a deflationary currency? Is a decentralized well-functioning system even possible? What alternatives could they search for? Should we search for? How much regulation do we need? What kind of regulation do we need?
These are all questions worth considering, and answering them is pretty complex even though a lot of people have their instant answers ready because they assume it is way more obvious than it actually is. A fun and overly simplistic brain exercise you can do, is to imagine a closed economy using only Bitcoin (there is no fiat). Now imagine some bakeries and farms. How would they compete with each other? What could be the implications of competition for both the bakers and the consumers? How would debt be defined? How could the government prevent the rich abusing the concept of debt? Well, you get the idea. Then you move on to an open economy, and so on. 
@_date: 2018-04-03 10:37:20
While I completely agree with your statement (It's hard not to agree since you're stating facts - facts that a lot don't realize though), I would like to hear your opinion on central banks, because you made it sound as if they are the source of all evil. 