@_author: michaelmacmanus
@_date: 2015-07-08 06:34:13


No it doesn't. You have at minimum 2 BD to meet the maintenance call in the US before firms can start liquidating, and it's closer to 15 BD in China. In the mean time money or equity can be deposited to cover.


If you default on your mortgage or offer up your house as collateral and default on a separate loan the process will be analog with similar duration and the bank will sell that shit short regardless. You're confusing China's financial sector with what happened in the US after '08.
Edit: Regardless you are 100% correct in pointing this out as a scary thing - but it doesn't seem that potential investors are taking the bait. I think the oddlot investors are about to hit critical mass in China.
@_date: 2015-07-07 20:36:47
Could you expand on this? From you I'm getting that somehow the value of their home *directly* contributes to the equity requirements for margin trading.  (E.g. House worth 1mm RMB translates to 2mm margin leverage with no other requirement of cash or positions.)
That seems like an insanely illiquid way to run a market. There is no way that is offered to anyone but high net worth clients (I hope?) - which essentially happens in the US as well as said high net worth clients can easily gain liquid funds from refinancing real-estate to dump into trading accounts to cover margin requirements. 
Hell, I could go take out a loan from a bank using my house as collateral and dump that into cash/equity positions in a margin account to gain that leverage as well without much issue. That missing middle step that you're claiming doesn't exist in China really doesn't make a whole lot of sense even from a *fast and loose* perspective.
Edit: Doing light research I found [this article]( that states the margin requirement in China is 500,000 RMB ($80,000~ USD) deposit, contrasted to the US's requirement of $2000. This doesn't really mean anything one way or another (having a higher deposit requirement for a margin account doesn't by any means make it more safer - possibly the opposite) but is still mildly interesting.