@_author: micko1911
@_date: 2012-02-24 14:32:58
the same guy who scammed me has the audacity to show his face on this forum.  have to love it...!  
i think both scams were related, because of the timing of the charge back.  auscooter12's charge back arrived first. then fiedlerhm3224's  4 charge backs came back about 4 hours following auscooter12.  
does anyone know if in these types of cases,  if ebay/paypal fails to resolve the case,  and the $ amount is fairly significant, whether one can hire an attorney and go after the persons listed as the owners of the paypal accounts? i would be willing to spend much more money on the lawyer, to go after the thieves behind this scam.   what if this leads to a larger operation?  for example, as i had said before, auscooter12's IP number appears on the list of potential botnets.. maybe this is part of a much larger operation?  
the way i look at it -- if the perpetrators are the actual individuals whose names and addresses are listed in the paypal transactions, then that could i not go after those individuals with the legal aid of an attorney? and if on the other hand, there is a hacker group behind this, who had hijacked the "venerable" ebay / paypal accounts, then maybe the law enforcement would be interested in this story, because if they managed to steal thousands from me,  then they are probably stealing even more from other people? any thoughts on this?
@_date: 2012-02-25 02:57:22
i was suspicious initially yes, but i was also greedy.  i thought i had found some solid buyers.  these guys both had ebay accounts going back to circa 2003 and 1999.  just like me. they had a lot of positive feedbacks, just like me.  also, once i received the first paypal payment from fiedlerhm3224 and saw her name and address, i did some google research and her credentials seemed to match up to a middle-aged woman (approx age 54) living in a nice, affluent, suburban community in north carolina, in a house that was listed for over $300k.  she had some interests in photography.  i thought to myself: great someone is interested in buying coins.  maybe she is affluent, retired, and wants to hold on to these as an investment.   she seemed extremely nice and courteous over email.   that is  one of the reasons why i suspect that her account was hijacked.  if i eventually find out that the "real" heidi is behind this scam,  the last shred of my faith in humanity will be shattered...
as for the auscooter12 character,  this one came off as a young kid.  his communications were full of spelling and grammatical errors.  also when i became suspicious about why his payment was initially declined by paypal,  and wanted to break up the transfer into multiple smaller transactions,  he became upset, and told me that the price of bitcoins fluctuates drastically and that it would not be fair to him if i took too long to break up the transaction into a sequence of smaller transactions, and have him confirm each one. i remember thinking to myself:  this makes absolutely no sense.   he already _BOUGHT_ the bitcoins from me.  what did he think he was going to do -- pump-and-dump the bitcoins overnight and become a cash money millionaire or something?  that excuse was so lame, it should have been a dead giveaway, especially in conjunction with his payment being initially declined and then cleared by paypal... but i missed all the clues.  greed clouded my judgement.  pretty expensive lesson, this was...
@_date: 2012-02-24 15:56:52
thank you for such attention to detail.  if i could edit the original post, i would with this update.
@_date: 2012-02-24 14:41:53
i believe there is a time limit of 45 days on the charge back. a statute of limitations if you will, against the scammers.  i should have researched all of this more thoroughly before diving into the bitcoin sales on ebay and getting wiped out.