@_author: mickreid
@_date: 2017-12-17 15:56:47
I sold the last of my BTC today. I originally got in a few years back accepting it as a form of payment and slowly built up a bit of savings. A month or two back the number of users paying in BTC fell off a cliff - they stopped altogether about two weeks back, and then I decided it was time to sell. It's actually took me the best part of 10 days to move all my BTC from different wallets to an exchange to trade for euro, I originally tried to jew it with $5 transfer fees for a chunk (which took 7 days to make it and only got there this morning) before eventually going up to $30 for the rest.
Anywho, I'm completely out now. Digital gold was not what I wanted, refreshing transactions for a week waiting for a confirmation is hellannoying. I'll be back when the thing either scales or collapses in value. Good luck to those still in.
@_date: 2017-12-17 19:30:17
As my proper job I work in software development around actuarial science and I was long on Bitcoin. I had a belief that the underlying value was propped up by the fact it was being used as settlement tool for online transactions - and considering most means-of-exchange implementations still priced in fiat and convert to bitcoin on the fly, the true value of bitcoin was the amount of coin in circulation vs the number of people trying to utilise it to move money at any given time. The bigger the economy underpinned by bitcoin, the higher the value. If this thing came anywhere near Visa then it's a great long term investment...
Having always believed this, my problem now is it's now unusable as a means of exchange and the current value is being driven purely by new entrants (who can try leave as fast as they came). The economy is dying - have a look at the likes of the dark market forums and the users are crying out for alt-coin integrations. Even a few months back people were taking the $1 transaction fees on the chin (and I wasn't happy about that then.)
The final straw came when I tried to sell a percentage of my coin last week and it got stuck in the mempool because of the low transaction fee I set (admittedly, my fault for not outbidding others). Having quite a chunk I'd marked to sell hanging for near a week was disconcerting (what happens if it crashes while I'm still hanging, etc). I realised that the mempool was starting to look permanently full and if I wanted to liquidate the rest of my holding quickly I might need to pay a stupid fee while everyone else was also trying to run.  
For the first time I thought to myself that I'd be better moving all my BTC from my Trezor to an exchange in case I wanted to liquidate quickly and found myself stuck again. It was at that point I thought I'm not sure I even trust the exchanges... so I think I'm done. I genuinely hope there are solutions and I'll come back again when it scales or it crashes (and maybe if they agree on how to scale it will never crash, and I've missed out on whatever happens in-between, or maybe I sell-high-buy-low, who knows...)