@_author: microsecond
@_date: 2015-06-23 00:42:23
In the meantime, why not stress test CoinWallet.eu? They could use some free "consulting" on penetration testing and handling peak demand. There should be a community effort to get LOIC and point it at CoinWallet.eu's servers to see how many Gbps they can withstand.
It will be a mutually beneficial effort, even though they are probably just doing this to seek attention. They will learn some lessons crucial to their business continuity, and we will make sure everyone knows to never pull shit like this again.
@_date: 2015-06-01 14:12:31
~~Fatty~~ Mark "Starbucks" Karpeles, aka has a very similar PR strategy to the Ferguson, Missouri police department. To put it simply, it is this: be as quiet and opaque as possible, but selectively throw forth pieces of "evidence" that frame him in a good way and others in a bad way.
This is exactly what happened when he posted those emails from Carl Mark Force IV shortly after Force was indicted. The emails showed Force expressing interest in some kind of "business partnership" with MtGox to Karpeles. And for publishing that, won praise from the community for a few days.
That's like how the Ferguson PD refused to comment on their killing of Michael Brown, aside from blaming Brown for an unrelated incident of allegedly stealing a box of cigars beforehand. is happy to point fingers at others, but ultimately he's not been open or really honest about matters concerning his and MtGox's responsibility.
And how are we to know that the "evidence" provided in this article is not fabricated? Even if there was proof that the content of this article was real, what about the stuff that Karpeles *has consistently omitted over time?*
@_date: 2015-05-20 13:40:34
Did you pay taxes on these profits?
@_date: 2015-05-01 03:18:00
Hedging my Bitcoin using Bitcoin that was *stolen* from Silk Road users by the federal government? No fucking thank you, Draper!
Stand up for your principles, I wouldn't do business with any of this fucker's "startups" built on stolen money, or even give him the time of day.
@_date: 2014-10-06 04:13:19
This man is also in possession of a large sum of stolen Bitcoin. Some people might say it's not wrong to seize Bitcoin that was used on Silk Road with the intent of buying illegal drugs. OK, you can say that. But there were also plenty of transactions for legal items that took place on that site, and transactions in or between jurisdictions outside the United States. Not all of these transactions were illegal under US or foreign law. Some may have used the Silk Road website may have used it as a bitcoin wallet with no transactions at all. They seized all of those funds, and did not follow due process to return it to parties who may have legitimately wished to receive them back. And ultimately, they were sold to Tim Draper.
People here hope for Bitcoin to one day replace the traditional banking system, and many similarly hope to end the "war on drugs". But here we have a man who was hoping to make money from buying assets seized by the government...not too unlike the case of the poker players' winnings seized as "suspected drug money" by Iowa police. This man spits in the face of everything these movements stand for. Why should we listen to someone who is in the business of profiting off of tyrannical government action?
Tim Raper is a piece of shit who shouldn't even be given the time of day. Tim, the only thing that matters is your money. Put some more goddamn money into BTC or go away!
@_date: 2015-05-01 03:31:16
That's what you get for doing business with a company financed with Bitcoin stolen by the federal government. If the community truly values its morals, hopefully it won't do business with these clowns.
@_date: 2015-01-08 03:07:05
He looks like a significantly less fat version of (aka Mark Karpeles). At least he isn't squandering his company's money on Starbucks coffee drinks and opening their own "Bitcoin Cafe" so he doesn't have to walk down the street to get his coffee drink fix.
At least he presumably has more than one person working on his industry-leading Bitcoin trading platform, which you can't really say for MtGox with Mark Karpeles and his shitty PHP. Care to comment on the piece of shit that once passed for the world's largest Bitcoin exchange, @_date: 2015-01-04 20:19:18
This smug piece of shit just wants the value of the stolen Bitcoin that he bought from the tyrannical federal government to go up. Most likely, he overpaid significantly for these stolen coins. And as it turns out, karma comes back to bite you in the ass.
If the Bitcoin community wants to practice the values that it preaches, we shouldn't be listening to a single word this guy says.
@_date: 2015-07-05 20:25:26
OxiCoin? Maybe this will get Rush Limbaugh into cryptocurrency. Maybe too European for him though.
@_date: 2015-07-13 23:57:21
Where is the actual torrent download for this documentary? Don't confuse BitTorrent, Inc., the company that runs this site, with the real BitTorrent. That company is on bad terms with many internet users and cryptocurrency enthusiasts right now. They [began bundling cryptocurrency-mining malware]( with installs of the once-popular torrent client uTorrent, which they now own. Most uTorrent users have either switched to other torrent clients, or used older versions of uTorrent without the malware.
I can't do business with a good conscience with a company like BitTorrent, Inc that engages in practices like this. In all seriousness, where do you offer this documentary through a company that has better ethics than to pull shit like what they did to uTorrent users?
@_date: 2015-07-05 05:32:07
Another site with a .co domain? Nice to see more Colombia-based ventures out there...