@_author: micronize
@_date: 2013-04-05 00:29:22
I was basically just throwing out a thought for the OP but I might've put the comment in the wrong place. 
I think with the adoption rate of bitcoin where it is currently, it would be difficult at least on a large scale. And it's hard to say if there are enough do-gooders out there that would find this mutually beneficial. Would it be a solely libertarian leaning organization or would it be diluted by other viewpoints through amount of donations? I dunno. However, if it started off small with just a few clinics and was advertised in the right places, I think there would be potential in it.
Not really my wheelhouse to be honest and I have no notes of which to speak. But I like thinking about things like this so I thought I'd chime in. If I come up with something that better furnishes free alcohol you'll be the first to get a PM.
@_date: 2013-04-05 06:30:44
Hey man, thanks for the explanation on the insurance thing. I'm down to continue talking. I will send you a PM in the morning and we can see where this goes. 
@_date: 2013-04-22 11:42:05
Your anger is misplaced.
@_date: 2013-04-04 23:41:54
What if bitcoin can facilitate a way to change the way people would view a libertarian society regarding healthcare of the poor?
Perhaps a full scale organization could be developed named Bitcoin Volunteers of America, or something to that effect, in which they use bitcoin donations to create pools of money distributed by voluntary choices instead of mandated thievery. Clinics would join this network and donors could decide which clinic they want their donation to go to. Pools of coin would transfer into a queue at whatever specific clinic. Patients can be seen on a first-come first-serve basis or an ordered list. Once the patient is served, some type of proof can be scanned into the network system and, voila, coin is released into the clinic's till. 
Maybe the BVA organization takes a slight cut of all donations for operating costs and perhaps utilizes ad space on their website for profit. 
Clinics have incentive to join the network because they're getting paid for serving customers they'd ordinarily have to turn away. 
The donors have incentive to donate because it increases the reputation of bitcoin thus the value of their holdings plus it creates awareness to the general public that a voluntary society isn't such a bad thing after all? I don't know if this would really take hold or if that's enough incentive but y'know I'm thinking outloud here.
One thing though, from my limited knowledge on healthcare providers is that they are more likely to charge a premium in dealing with cash because they have pre-ordained relationships with insurance providers to deter cash payment from being the most beneficial transaction. Apparently this clinic your dealing with is different but I don't know how common that is in the whole of things. 
@_date: 2013-04-03 06:04:12
I went to BofA today and did an out of state transfer to my bitfloor acct and the manager told me I can do the same thing through online banking. I haven't looked into it, but based on what he said it shouldn't be a problem.
And just as a note, when you do this transfer it won't be to bitfloor direct. It goes to a third party called LocalTill and moves on to bitfloor from there. 
