@_author: midas_sf
@_date: 2014-07-28 22:47:20
Sorry, I definitely meant voluntary!
@_date: 2014-12-24 23:24:16
Could one avoid the economic substance doctrine (and the very unlikely event that wash sale rules might apply in the future) by selling BTC and immediately investing in something like the [Bitcoin Investment Trust](
I'm not a huge fan of their 2% fee, I'm more curious about this as a theoretical tax hack.
@_date: 2014-07-28 22:53:40
Thanks for your question.
Right now we're completely free, so we don't make any money and we don't charge any fees of any kind. Transactions are direct between the customer and the business owner, we just provide the software to make it really easy (especially when the cashier and customer are bitcoin newbies).
Long term, we'll probably need to charge some money but I don't know what that will look like yet. It might be a small percentage of the profit or we might be able to sell some optional premium features and keep the basic app totally free.
There's no contract or commitment to continue using us. We hope you'll use CoinSafe because you love it, but you're always free to leave anytime.
Does that make sense?
@_date: 2014-07-29 00:03:01
Sorry about that!
To be clear: what I'm talking about only affects stores that are testing out this new beta feature. For all other stores, they have to acquire the bitcoin they're going to sell on their own (via an exchange, mining, peer to peer trading, etc) and then all they do is grant CoinSafe API access to that hosted wallet so they can sell bitcoin at the prices they set.
It does make it quite tricky that prices are often in different currencies, but we hope that our UI simplifies that quite a bit.
@_date: 2014-07-29 00:17:05
Hi, Michael from CoinSafe here. Thanks for your question.
Do you have a physical location and regular hours? We're ideal for that use-case, our initial customers love that they don't have to send messages back and forth. Buying from a physical business seems to take away a lot of the sketchiness of doing bitcoin transactions with strangers.
If you don't have a physical location/hours, you're still welcome to use our app (it's free!), but it will be a lot less useful to you since we won't have a way to send you new customers. I'd still love to hear your feedback though, please try us out and let us know what you think.
@_date: 2014-07-28 23:36:14
Hi, Michael from CoinSafe here. Thanks for your post.
We currently support Coinbase, Bitstamp and blockchain.info via API and are working to add more wallets.  The first two are exchanges and allow us to take a store owners' balance and cash it into or out of their local currency. This feature is currently in beta, and I should note that it requires the store owner's explicit permission when generating their API keys. Please contact us (support if you're interested in testing out this beta feature.
Stores set their own prices, and then like BitPay our software gives the customer 15 minutes to buy bitcoin at that price (they have to pay cash to the cashier and optionally enter their info for a receipt). When a customer sells their bitcoin to a store (for cash), the price is locked in as soon as the valid transaction is broadcast, while the cashier is instructed to hold onto the cash until the BTC transaction is confirmed.
Does that make sense?
@_date: 2014-07-28 21:40:08
Hi, Michael from CoinSafe here. Thanks for your question.
The main difference is that we're for businesses with a physical location. There's no messaging, scheduling, or coordinating a place to meetup, which can be a real pain. Customers just show up at the store whenever they like. Being offline (and not anonymous) takes a lot of the sketchiness out of bitcoin. It's also great for bitcoin beginners since they don't need to install an app before they can buy their first bitcoin.
As for the software, we don't hold private keys and all the transactions are on the bitcoin blockchain so they're very much open-source. The only exception I should note is that we do support off-blockchain transactions in some cases.  For example, if a store uses coinbase for their wallet and sends bitcoin to a customer's coinbase wallet, then the transaction happens off-blockchain and is only visible (privately) on coinbase's website. This is strictly optional though, nobody ever has to transact off the blockchain.
@_date: 2016-03-21 22:38:02
bcwallet author here, thanks  for the question.
From the FAQs:








It was a tough decision for me, I personally prefer python3!
@_date: 2016-03-21 22:33:30
bcwallet author here, thanks  for the question.
We only lookahead for 10 addresses IIRC, but when you use the app to "generate" a new address it automatically registers that address with BlockCypher (translation: instructs blockcypher to look further ahead). So if you're just using the wallet (and not going into the advanced address management features) you can have thousands of addresses and it's impossible to run intro a traversal bug. You don't even have to think about it.
Does that make sense?
@_date: 2014-07-28 22:14:30
Hi, Michael from CoinSafe here. Thanks for your post and the candid feedback.
I totally understand about not wanting to share your credentials, that's sensitive stuff! I could tell you all about how seriously we take that info (of course it's encrypted in transit and in our database), but the real security measure here is that we recommend you don't leave a lot of bitcoin in these hosted wallets to begin with. You can always top-up from something more secure, like your cold storage for example.
With Coinbase specifically you can create separate sub-wallets with smaller balances, and then it's very easy for you to transfer between those sub-wallets. With blockchain.info it's easy to just create multiple wallets, so you can have a small one that you grant us access to.
One small correction: for Coinbase and Bitstamp, it's not actually your username/password but your API credentials. This is great because you still have ultimate control over your account and are only granting us access until you revoke it. We'd love it if they'd implement a daily transaction limit in the future, and while I don't have insider info I think it's likely they will.
I should point out that if you want to buy bitcoin from customers (for cash), you don't need to give us API access to your wallet at all. All we need is a bitcoin address for customers to send bitcoin to. This is really great, because it means you have total flexibility. You can use a hosted wallet, desktop client, paper wallet or anything else. Nobody but you will know how your bitcoin address was generated and where the private keys are stored.
I hope that helps!
@_date: 2016-03-21 22:31:25
bcwallet author here, thanks  for the question.
I don't know that tool well so I can't say for certain, but from the looks of it seems like a unix style command line tool, whereas bcwallet is a command line app (you select your way through dynamic options). bcwallet is hard to mess up and easy for anyone (with command line skills) to use. Try it out with free testnet coins to see for yourself!
@_date: 2016-11-07 20:01:50
@_date: 2017-09-28 15:44:28
Thanks 
I may write another blog post on that. I'm a big fan of having multiple redundant backups of your ciphertext that are physically secure and then splitting the password to decrypt using Shamir's Secret Sharing Scheme. You can adjust the parameters to make it quite bulletproof. It's non-trivial to setup, but requires almost no maintenance.