@_author: middle_tank
@_date: 2018-09-06 05:17:35
Yeah exactly, and that's what makes Bitcoin so robust. It's been thoroughly examined from many angles and has passed many tests of longevity. It's been through crash after crash, and a few bubbles. It's been called overvalued since it was $500...!
I think when the crypto market is down, more people turn to Bitcoin for shelter. It tends to do better as well. I have yet to find an altcoin that I would trust to keep money in for more than a few days, but maybe there is one out there. The speculative nature of them and high risk make them more appetizing when the market is doing well
@_date: 2018-09-09 19:41:52
A lot of people seem to think that TA can tell the future but it really doesn't. It just gives a bit more confidence about momentum. And helps to manage risk, like you said.
It also helps to find more comfortable entry points so people aren't just buying blindly. But in reality, the entry point doesn't matter if you're in it for the long run and managed your risk well enough. I've bought a few positions carelessly with the intention of holding it for long periods of time, either because there's clear long term momentum or high swaps.
@_date: 2018-09-10 18:24:53
Patterns only become real when the collective as a whole decide to act on it. So if for example a head and shoulders is near a breakout level and enough people decide to take the risk, then it manifests itself and follows through. But if it fails, that's not because the contrarians had the upper hand. Sure, some big players can take advantage of a faltering H&amp;S to get in at a bargain and swing it in the other direction (just as they'll take out stops to get more liquidity), but there's also the fact that a lot of people either may not have seen it or are just sitting on their hands because they're tied up in other positions. 
@_date: 2018-09-01 07:42:40
"Austrians argue Markets are Spontaneous Orders."
Better than the rational markets theory. Economists have been trying to justify themselves by claiming that markets are actually ration for years now, but have been only faced with randomness and luck. It's foolish to assume that people behave in the way economists believe them to. People behave in random and often unpredictable ways depending on their wills and whims. Even the most forward thinking psychologists and behavior economists are having a hard time keeping up with the way we change as humans.
@_date: 2018-09-01 17:04:39
I wonder if there's a way to hack the fingerprint recognition security feature. Because if so, they'd be able to hack into your bank accounts quite easily too. A lot of banks use the fingerprint instead of a password, and I would think that this is because it's harder to hack. 
A simple PIN is easy to get into because it is just a sequence of numbers. Not much different than keylogging a password actually.
@_date: 2018-09-03 06:48:41
Actually I've seen it a few places, including major banks and trading companies for mobile authorization. The fingerprint is used to input the password instead of typing it in. I think Bank of America, PNC,  TD, Unicredit, IG, and a few others are using it. I would've thought that it would be a safer way to avoid keylogging but I guess not? They're being verified through the device, which is saved as a preferred 2FA.
I've also seen eye, face, and voice recognition for transactions. 
@_date: 2018-09-05 05:17:11
Yeah and it's interesting how locals will do their best to find something that helps them. Even when it seems like there's nothing left and they'll all have to move to the city.
It's a good thing they choose to get into Bitcoin. Mining is a good way to support the town because there will always be a need for it as well. The problem with these ghost towns it they become so dependent on one industry that when it eventually goes, they have nowhere to turn to. So they end up moving away to other towns for those jobs and very few are left, with nothing to do.
@_date: 2018-09-04 04:53:16
Yeah, PayPal is used more for commerce than Bitcoin is. Bitcoin is more of an investment or vehicle for transferring money from one point to another, especially in large amounts and under the table. Whereas PayPal serves just as a transaction service for small businesses (and charges criminal rates). 
I don't know why people bother with PayPal anymore, it's becoming worse than Western Union. Although I guess some don't even check the hidden fees. They just assume that they're getting a good price when they transfer.