@_author: midisax
@_date: 2016-04-17 21:37:55


When I made this statement, I was referring to the global system, no just the U.S. system.  But the same thing happens repeatedly:  rich nations prey on poor nations, rich elite in the U.S. prey on poor Americans.  The problem isn't the social system: it is fundamentally an ethical problem: people don't know right from wrong, or if they do know right from wrong, they choose to ignore it.  Go to any airport in the United States and look at who is cleaning the toilets.  You will see a trend.  It is not because these people were born to do this: it is because these are jobs that a lot of people think are beneath them.  In an unethical system, there is a strong incentive to keep the people who you think should be a the bottom perpetually at them bottom.  You can look at advertising and you can clearly see who society thinks belongs at the top.  A few people not of that select group will rise up, but the overwhelming majority of the "lower caste" will be systematically kept there.  How is this done? Through grossly inadequate public schools.  Through antagonization at the hands of corrupt law enforcement officers.  Through subliminal programming and distractions to pacify them. Yet, in 2008, we found tens of billions of dollars to bail out corrupt banks. 2008 was an eye opener.  It demonstrate who was really important in the United States, and who is considered unimportant.  Do you realize that only ONE banker went to prison for the 2008 financial crisis in the United States?  How many young people of the "lower caste" are arrested on a daily basis for much smaller trangression than the banking industry committed.  The priorities in the global economic system are screwed up, and they inevitably result in the concentration of wealth in the hands of a small elite.
Are taxes the solution? No.  The solution is to develop an un-gameable system where all actions taken at a policy level are transparent.  Bitcoin is the first step in developing such a system.  The next step is to make all actions that are taken for the public good the be programmable, transparent, and verifiable.  For example,  if I pay paxes to the U.S. government in Bitcoin (think 20 years from now),  I can send those to the U.S. government as part of a smart contract.  My tax funds cannot be used for the building of bombs or any other activity that will result in the intentional death of another human being.  Perhaps more precisely, I can specify that my taxes can only be used for infrastructure projects in the United States, such as building roads.  Then I can easily track my Bitcoins from my wallet to the wallet of the road construction crew.  The transactions have to be auditable and publicly signed by government officials.  So if an official lies about the Bitcoin address of the road crew, a permanent and unalterable record of his/her discretion exists on the blockchain.
So why is Bernie Sanders a better option to bring about this reality about than the other three.  This is a very easy question to answer:
* Hillary Clinton: owned by the banks: 
* Donald Trump: owned by the banks: 
* Ted Cruz: owned by the banks: 
@_date: 2016-04-17 22:07:24
Some probably do.  Most just want a fair shake.  My car was assembled at a plant here is the United States.  Through no fault of their own, their employer (Ford) recently decided that they will move the plant operations to Mexico.  The employees of that plant don't want handouts: they just want corporations to stop screwing them over to raise profits by a few percentage points.  It is absolutely ruthless out there right now.  For example, companies are laying off American workers so that they can bring in workers from India using H1B visas:  
How is Hillary Clinton, a woman who took $2.9 million from banks to speak, going to fight this level of corruptions?  Ted Cruz and his wife both have close ties to Goldman Sachs:  Donald Trump did not make an estimated $4 billion (or more) by antagonizing banks.  So if I were going to call out any of these candidates as parasites, it would certainly not be Sanders.  
The other three candidates, and their friends in the banking and businesses sectors, have been parasites sucking the lifeblood out of the middle-class since the NAFTA agreement of the early 1990s.  This is a classical misdirection technique: the ones who are truly corrupt tried to deflect blame onto those whose hands are not dirty.  Yet, when Clinton and Sanders debate side-by-side, you can tell that deep down, she knows that what he says about her is true.  The stink of corruption on Clinton goes back decades.  Remember the law papers that mysteriously appeared on a desk at the White House?   
Is this the kind of person that should be trusted with the Presidency of the United States?  I'll take Bernie...in a heartbeat.  It is revealing to me what Ron Paul, a man for whom I have tremendous respect, has to say about Bernie Sanders: 
@_date: 2016-04-17 20:29:10
You make very good points, but the fact that someone as far left as Bernie Sanders is still a viable candidate at this point proves that something is changing at a fundamental level.  If Bernie Sanders can actually pull of a defeat of the Clinton money machine, then the wealthy elites who control the current system will begin to realize there is only so much that they can do to screw people over before they respond.  My vote for Sanders will send them  powerful message of "No Confidence" in the current corrupt system. If you have a system that is dirty, sullen, and poisoned, then the best way to strike fear into the devils who control the system is to give power to the one person whose hands are clean, and who does not lust after power.  Then, they begin to second guess themselves.
@_date: 2016-04-17 17:53:53
I disagree with this wholeheatedly.   I am a Bitcoin user, and I like everything that Bernie Sanders has to say, so that would prove this statement to be false: "It's pretty hard to fathom bitcoin users ,whom (most would guess) value decentralization ,could even consider endourcing someone like Sanders . "
In my opinion, the actions, not the words, of 3 of the 4 candidates: Trump, Clinton, and Cruz, demonstrate that they fully support the centralization of wealth. Trump exemplifies this more than the other two (by orders of magnitude).  Sanders seems to believe that the role of government is to lower the concentration of wealth through proactive action.  What I like about Sanders is that he seems to be a man of ethics and principle, unlike the other three candidates.  That is why I am attracted to him.  
@_date: 2016-04-11 20:14:06
Thank you!
@_date: 2016-04-17 23:43:08
Law and order among the masses are maintained by the threat of physical force.  The problem is that banks and large corporations are not scared because they know that the current corrupt system will never take physical action against them.  How can a politician who took $2.9 million from you to speak ever send law enforcement to take physical force against you?  If you think that the $2.9 million was a big payday, wait until you see the paydays that former President Hillary Clinton will get after she leaves the White House (assuming that she takes the actions that her bank industry puppeteers want her to take).  
I understand where you a coming from, but there are really two forces at work here:
* The poor are kept under control with the threat of force (e.g. poor kids dying in inners cities at the hands of corrupt officials).
* The rich are kept under control with secrets that would destroy their reputations ( coercion in the form of huge paydays with the implicit promise of far larger future paypays, and the biggest threat of all: the loss of their wealth.
The fundamental difference between the two groups is this: 
* the crimes of the poor are systematically punished because it is most important to keep them in line: the continuation of our corrupt system relies most on the poor continuing to perform the menial tasks that most think are beneath them.  The threat of force ensures that they will not begin to think about the possibility that they are destined for some higher calling.
* the crimes of the rich are systematically rewarded because they accumulate wealth in the hands of the rich, and in the hands of their equally corrupt watchdogs and regulators within government.
So Bernie Sanders is essentially one honest politician fighting within a cesspool of political corruption.  However, the swine around him dare not touch him because of his popularity among the poor.  They do not want to awaken a sleeping giant.
@_date: 2016-04-17 19:02:47
Yes, but if you really think about the ENTIRE process, you will realize that *the concentration of wealth is also forced.*  A vast majority of the world's population cannot become wealthy (lack of infrastructure, educational opportunities etc).  So their only option for survival is to work at menial jobs for slave wages.  The system is intentionally designed so that the majority of the world's population will work to concentrate wealth in the hands of an elite minority. Why do Apple and other large corporations build their products in China, and other countries with a poor labor force?  Because they know that the poor are a captive audience.  They will not complain, even if they are only paid a few dollars a day, because their survival literally depends on their job. So we have a huge conflict of interests: we want to bring the poor out of poverty, but the system depends on the captive poor labor remaining poor.
@_date: 2016-04-18 02:25:19
Perhaps, but I think that they are starting to get nervous.  Things are piling up because they got too greedy.  There is a global consensus forming against them.  
The Big Short has a very different tone than Wall Street, and the 2 films are only 30 years apart.  In 1987, the Gordon Gekko figure was worshipped; in 2016, he is reviled.  What scares them is not Bernie Sanders words, it's how people are responding to them.  In 1987, Sanders campaign would have ended six months ago. He would have been laughed off of the stage and called a Commie, and much worse.  But it's not so funny now; people are taking what he has to say seriously because their 44 year old neighbor just got laid off from his high paying job after his employer decided to move their operations to Mexico. 
" First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win." - Mahatma Ghandi
Right now, Bernie Sanders is in the middle of the third column.
I have to be honest: I like some of what Trump has to say, I just have a hard time believing that he is truly interested in the welfare of all Americans. 
 His conceit and arrogance forecast a president who would be largely focused on his legacy, and how he will be perceived as President.  This is extremely dangerous because Trump will make decisions that he feels will make him look good in the eyes of the most powerful Americans. For example, Trump would have no problem displacing poor people to make room for large hotels and condos because these would be signs of economic growth.  But he would have a problem building better public schools in the inner cities because his elite friends would see this as a waste of money.  In my mind, there is one difference between Trump and Sanders: Trump has strong convictions, but he cares a lot about what his peers think of him.  Sanders has strong convictions, but his motivation is internal.  He doesn't care what anybody thinks about him.  It took some big stones to say what he say about Palestine, in New York, four days before a New York primary.
@_date: 2016-04-18 00:51:09
Yeah, its okay, I expected it.  They don't want anything that distracts from the primary focus: electing Bernie.  Discussing Bitcoin in an "Elect Bernie" subreddit is kind of like bringing Jayne Mansfield to a Marilyn Monroe movie premiere: Marilyn looks stunning in her white dress, but there are two huge distractions that everybody's trying not to stare at.
@_date: 2016-04-11 20:13:47
Thank you!
@_date: 2016-04-18 00:46:26
Interestingly enough, they removed the text of the post, but not the entire post.  This implies that they find the title acceptable.
I get it.  In their minds, Bitcoin is still small, and not relevant enough to make a difference to Bernie's campaign: no real upside with the potential downside of the Bitcoin/drugs association.  I think that it is a mistake, but I understand the thought process.  Bernie's best chance IMO  to pull off an upset is for him to build up a large coalition of relatively small communities of people who disgusted with the current system.  He has already done a very good job with the young, adding the Bitcoin community would help him.  I understand that there is a little of overlap between the young people demographic and the Bitcoin supporter demographic, but from the comments that I have seen today, Bernie Sanders does not have  lot of support in the Bitcoin community.  However, I suspect that if he gave a Bitcoin-friendly speech, and framed the speech the right way (Bitcoin supercedes banks) he would lose very little of his current support, while gaining a tremendous amount of support from the Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2016-04-17 18:05:52
I also posted this here: 
@_date: 2016-04-17 21:39:58
A lot of individual donors (not big super PACs) disagree with you:   In fact, the comments on this thread have been eye opening.  I want to donate Bitcoin to the Sanders campaign, but I'm going hold my nose and donate with my credit card instead. I won't say what further conclusions I've come to based on the responses here, I'll just leave it at that.
@_date: 2016-04-18 01:56:30


Please let me know if there was anything too difficult for you to understand if you do decide to read the entire post.  If you wish, I can simplify things for you.
@_date: 2016-04-17 20:15:13
You must be quite cynical to believe that it is not possible for one to have life experiences that actually make them different from the status quo. Bernie Sanders was beaten by police and arrested as he protested the mis-treatment of African-American students in Chicago back in 1963: 
I am fairly certain that neither Donald Trump nor Ted Cruz would have even attended that protest.  Instead, Mr. Trump and his dad were trying to find ways to keep black tenants out of their properties: 
I see absolutely no evidence to suggest that Hillary Clinton would take a beating or get arrested to fight inequality.  She seems to be too busy accepting $2.9 million to give speeches to big banks: 
My point is this: you want to lump in Bernie Sanders as though he is exactly the same as the other three.  *He is clearly not.*  He speaks with conviction precisely because he has not sold out....ever.  If you listen to his speeches now, his message is exactly the same as it was 40 years ago.  Even though they are diametrically opposed politically, who he reminds me of most, from an ethical standpoint, is Ron Paul.  And an honest, ethical politician is what we most need to clean up this mess:  not a particular left or right-wing political ideology.
@_date: 2016-04-17 17:20:23
Thank you for the heads up, I will do this now.
@_date: 2016-04-17 22:35:21
I had to lol at this one!  Pretty clever.  But I think that you misunderstand what Sanders wants to do.  What he wants to do is a reaction against an action that has already taken place.  
Wealth was concentrated by force, so it must be re-distributed by force (the force of law; not physical force).  What do I mean when I say that wealth is concentrated by force?  
Workers at a Ford assembly plant have very little power relative to the CEO and Board of Directors.  The CEO probably makes 100 times what the average worker does.  The worker just wants to own a decent home, feed his or her family, and send the kids to good schools.  One day, he comes in to work and finds out that he is being laid off so that the company can boost profits to keep shareholders happy.  His job will be filled by a laborer in Mexico who will cost Ford less than half of what he did.  This reveals the true nature of his relationship with his employer: he is a pawn; a means to whatever end that the company's leadership wants.  As long as he no longer meets their needs, he is dismissed, regardless of his level of performance.
What Sanders wants to do is to re-establish in the minds or corporate leadership who is really important.  A corporation's priorities should be (in this order): 1.) its employees 2.) its customers 3.) its shareholders  
We live in a world where it is exactly the opposite of what it should be: 1.)shareholders 2.) customers 3.) employees  
This situation is sustainable only if you can continuously finds a different working class to oppress: if American workers no longer accept your BS, then move on to passive workers in China who will take it.  Once the Chinese workers get fed up, move to Malaysia.  However, the system is not perpetually sustainable because you will have eventually screwed over everyone.  
What Sanders wants to do is as follows:
*  to re-distribute what corporations have accumulated through greedy and unethical actions for decades back to the work force and tax payers that they effectively stole these funds from.
* Make it much more difficult for them to do it again once the system is reformed. 
@_date: 2016-04-25 01:33:10
Nice post Doug!  I'm watching it right now.  We need an open source alternative to Google Chromecast.  I tried to watch it on my large screen tv: unwatchable due to constant pauses as the Chromecast tries to keep up, so I'm watching it on my laptop.  Chromecast doesn't seem to have much ability to internally cache much data.  I'd gladly pay $50 - $100 for a more powerful device that could cache more data.  Also tried to watch on large screen tv using HDMI cable: Google Chrome disables HDMI when you are watching video.  As soon as open source alternative is available, I'll be switching.  However, Watchmybit has a ton of potential: maybe a Youtube killer one day.
@_date: 2016-04-17 23:23:57
On the flip side, he may realize that Bitcoin is the antithesis of the banks which he constantly rails against:
* Bitcoin is governed by math; banks are governed by greed.
* Bitcoin is transparent; banks are opaque.
* Bitcoin was developed by a selfless person with a strong sense of ethics and morals; banks were developed by selfish people with a strong lust for power and wealth.
Bitcoin will be fine under Sanders: 
@_date: 2016-04-18 00:13:36
No, you are seeing it from the wrong angles.  There are three things that we must do:
* Retract the improperly taken funds from large corporations, and give them back to the employees and taxpayers that they stole them from.
* Change the system so that they cannot steal the money again.
* Break the corrupt link between businesses and government that are the ultimate source of the problem.
The core problem is not that the government takes money; the core problem is that both the government and the corporations are corrupt.  They are corrupt in a way that is mutually re-enforcing.  So the right answer is to put an in-corruptible figure in charge that will clean out the whole rotten cabal.  It has to be someone who both entities (government and corporations) are deathly afraid of, and who will ruthlessly make heads roll.  
Clinton, Trump, and Sanders are not fit-for-duty because all three of them have the wrong priorities.  In their minds, the pecking order goes something like this:
* rich and powerful heads of corporations (
* rich and powerful Hollywood elites (
* rich and powerful political figures (
* and finally, at the bottom of the pyramid: average Americans.
Average Americans don't have wealth, don't have influence.  They are merely pawns on a chessboard meant to entertain and pacify the needs of the wealthy.  Sanders realizes this.  The point is not the enrich the government; the point is to neuter and spay the greedy; to cause them to retreat in fear.  Once the average Americans take back control of their government, it will cease to be corrupt.  
Imagine a society where the citizens decide how government money will be spent through consensus.  Bitcoin allows this:
* we raise $100 trillion in taxes in a hypothetical tax year several decades in the future.
* The American citizens vote directly via the blockchain that rebuilding roads are the number one priority; not building bombs, or building more aircraft carriers.
* Since the Bitcoin is doled out by immutable and completely transparent smart contracts, anyone can perform an audit at any time, and see exactly where the funds are going.
In this reality, the situation will be completely reversed: the corporate CEO and the politician will have been reduced to neutered watchdogs, pawns who are in place to take menial actions with no chance of negative consequences.  You will see a return to the traditional roots of politics, where it was a form of community service that one did for a couple of years, and then returned to their profession.
@_date: 2016-04-17 23:51:58
Yes, but you're missing an important point: Bitcoin is the first asset that is just as accessible to the rich as it is to the poor. As the rich buy up Bitcoin, so will the poor. Most actions that the rich take make the poor poorer: selfish rich guy buys an apartment building and raises the  rent on the poor tenants.  
Bitcoin is the first easy-to-acquire asset that causes the poor to directly become wealthier due to the greed of the wealthy.  You may mention gold, but how practical is it to store gold in a roach-infested apartment in Chicago, or in a hut in Nairobi, Kenya?  However, a young person living in poverty in Mumbai can afford a $35 feature phone with a Bitcoin wallet installed on it.
@_date: 2018-01-22 16:24:20
I do, I have one with 100% employer match up to 8% contribution.  I have a lot of poor friends who don't have 401Ks.  
I decided to delete my prior comment to allow the discourse to continue naturally.  I am biased: I believe that the study's results represent a real problem.  I don't want to to necessarily debate because I have already come to my conclusion, but I am curious to see other people's thoughts in the Bitcoin community.  I've decided not to respond to the ad hominem parts of your response.
@_date: 2018-01-22 16:58:04
Disagree.   I have absolutely no problem with being rich.  What I do have a problem with is a system designed to ensure that there is always a servile underclass.  That is what I think we have developed: 2 classes =&gt; the permarich and the permapoor.
@_date: 2018-01-22 16:37:02
When I say poor, I'm talking working minimum wage at McDonald's poor.  Financial literacy is often a problem in very low income situations: a lot of people don't know what a 401K is and how it works.  
This raises several questions (I'll say it from the outset: I'm an X-Files fan):
* Is this (a) natural, or (b) is there a conspiracy to maintain a servile and financially illiterate class of people who can be exploited to do the the work that no one else wants to do?
* If the answer to the question above is (b),  then who is(are) the mastermind(s)?
I think that we got some hints during the recent Bitcoin price manipulation attempts.  I'll leave it at that.
@_date: 2016-04-25 23:24:37
If Dr. Murphy were willing to take it to the "next level", I'm sure that you would get 100 times that...lol.
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:04:14


I agree with you.  I can't prove this but I suspect that Satoshi would agree with the conclusions of the study, and he would propose that Bitcoin could help solve the problem. Bitcoin is a very simple and easy concept for anyone to understand, even people of poor financial literacy.  Bitcoin cannot be diluted or devalued =&gt; 21 million, no more no less.   
Here is my final thesis: If we cash convince the financially illiterate of the world to:
* buy and hodl Bitcoin.
* not get distracted by other GRQ scams.
* continue to accumulate.
* continue to increase their financial literacy.
I think that the problems addressed in the study could be fixed in 1 or 2 generations.  I think that this (or something like it) is what Satoshi might have envisioned. 
@_date: 2018-01-22 16:49:15
You need to get out and interact outside of your wheel house in my opinion.  It's not as easy as you think.  If you are a single mother with 4 children,  time becomes an issue.  You often have to choose between taking care of your kids or studying (topics such as finance).  
All I am saying is that financial literacy should be a core part of public school curriculum, and it is not.  Source 1: I have several friends and relatives who are public school educators.   Source 2: I have several friends who are very low income, and I see the struggles that they go through.  It is no where near as easy and as simple as you make it out to be.  
Ad hominem attacks are usually meant to intimidate people out of voicing an opinion that came from a lot of reflection and thought.   Understanding what a person is trying to do to you, and more importantly why they are trying to do it, makes you much more invulnerable to attack.  The truth, IMO, is that you have not experienced and seen the same things that I have, so you immediately dismiss my point of view as invalid.
However, the validity or invalidity of my opinions in determined by neither you nor I; they are determined by the RESULTS.  I defer to the results of the linked study.  
@_date: 2018-01-03 18:26:34
If you hold your bitcoins on an Intel CPU powered computer built in the last 10 years or so, AND you are running Windows or Linux, then your bitcoins could be at risk.   A malicious program could read sensitive kernel info: passwords, private keys, etc.  
@_date: 2017-02-02 01:35:05
My pleasure. A colored coin uses a small amount of Bitcoin to represent a real world asset such as the title to a house, the shares of a company etc.  So the transfer of the colored coins from one owner (Owner A) to another (Owner B) would represent the transfer of ownership of the asset from Owner A to Owner B. 
To make this work, some kind of metadata has to be added to the Bitcoin transaction to show that the transfer of this specific group of bitcoins represents the transfer of some asset. This metadata is the "color" in "colored coins".
The metadata would travel from wallet to wallet as the colored bitcoins were transferred to show the chain of ownership of the underlying asset.  
This is the best definition of colored coins that I could find (from coloredcoins.org):
"Colored Coins is an open source bitcoin 2.0 protocol that enables developers to create digital assets on top of bitcoin Blockchain utilizing its functionalities beyond currency."  
You can learn more about colored coins here:  
@_date: 2017-03-09 01:32:02
I can vouch for Bitwage: I have been converting a percentage (&gt;10%) of my pay to Bitcoin using Bitwage for the last year and a half.  
* First, I signed up for a free account at Bitwage.com.  Typically, I receive my bitcoins the day after Bitwage receives a portion of my pay from my employer. 
* Then I added my employer's information, and received approval from Bitwage to proceed (I assume that they do some AML/KYC type checks).
*  I set up an allotment on my employer's website; they send a portion of my pay to Bitwage's bank account in San Francisco.  
*  Bitwage then converts the USD to bitcoins, and sends it to the Bitcoin address that I entered in my account on the Bitwage website.  
There are more details, but you will figure those out as you go.
@_date: 2017-03-10 03:19:00
No problem at all.  Using Bitwage has helped me to become super disciplined.  I set it and and forget it a year and a half ago.  You can have Bitwage send to two different addresses each paypay, so I send most to  a long term savings address, and the rest to a "spending allowance" address.  Signing up for the Bitwage is the best decision that I have ever made in the Bitcoin space.  It has allowed me to continuously accumulate BTC thru the ups and downs.
@_date: 2017-03-04 11:11:13
Okay, thanks. It's a little bit frustrating because I logged expecting to see tracking information, and when my items would arrive.  If I had not logged in today, who knows how long it would have taken me to discover that my order was canceled? At a minimum, they have some customer service issues going on.
@_date: 2017-01-16 21:17:31
 You, Sir, could not have that any more incorrect.  
There are only two classes of people: those who take it, and those who punch back.  I am part of the latter class.  If you want to continue this dangerous line of conversation, you will find that out.  I can assure you that I am no "liberal crybaby".   Don't respond.  Trust me.
@_date: 2017-01-16 03:20:41
This is just my opinion , so please take it as that.
**Constantly bringing up the "Nigerian Prince" meme in the Bitcoin space is pretty racist.**  I am a member of a church made up almost entirely of Nigerian people who have immigrated to the United States.  For the most part, they are very well educated, very well off, work EXTREMELY hard, and want the best for their children.  I am the resident Bitcoin "expert", and the number of questions that I get about Bitcoin started to explode recently when many of the members started to hear about Bitcoin regularly from their relatives back home.  Nigeria has the potential to become a very big Bitcoin market, so I recommend ceasing and desisting with the "Nigerian Prince" references if you want avoid offending new Bitcoin users who happen to be Nigerian.  Better yet, go find a Nigerian church in your local area so that you can experience firsthand how rich and diverse Nigerian culture is.
@_date: 2016-11-26 22:44:13
That's not the point:  with the ETF, all of the work and responsibility is on someone else.  With a Bitcoin wallet, all of the work and responsibility is on you.   I know how to securely hold Bitcoin in a wallet, and you do as well.  However, many people do not, so they would rather pay someone else to do it for them.   That is the purpose of the ETF.   
Having both methods is a win-win for Bitcoin. Those who have the technical competency to buy and hold bitcoins themselves will.  Those who do not will pay someone else to do it for them in an ETF, or some other similar vehicle.
@_date: 2016-11-26 21:36:16
No.  There is no way that they are going to waste their time reading Stolfi's thesaurus.  No one has time for that.  Their first thought was "who on earth has time to write this, and even if he did, why would he?"  If I were an SEC official I would read the first sentence, chalk it up to "disgruntled", and move on to the next comment.
@_date: 2016-11-27 13:40:59
Hah!  Good point.
@_date: 2016-11-26 23:35:58
I understand.  Fair points. **In my opinion**, there is a very high likelihood that the Winklevoss Bitcoin ETF will be approved.
@_date: 2016-11-27 01:55:27
By the way, simplifying things is the best way to actually get things done, in my opinion.  Over-thinking things leads to distractions, and to  wasting precious time.  In investing, all that you have to understand is what BASICALLY motivates people.  
In the U.S., that motivation is BASICALLY to follow the winner.  So when evaluating anything, we (Americans) place it in one of two buckets: Winner or Loser.  If we deem it to be a winner, we follow it.  If we deem it to be a loser, we ignore it.  I have used this philosophy for years in evaluating which stocks/bonds/crypto-currencies to buy, and it has worked very well.  It is very obvious that most people in the U.S. view Google as a winner, and Yahoo as a loser, so it is obvious which one to invest in, given the two as options.  Winner and loser is relative of course.  Litecoin, when compared to Bitcoin, is a loser.  But Litecoin compared to Primecoin is a winner. Simplifying things makes the art of making decisions easier.  If I do not have to make successful decisions rapidly, then I may take more time to develop a more nuanced view of the topic at hand.
@_date: 2016-11-27 03:49:28
Thanks :-)
@_date: 2016-12-17 03:45:10
I ask this question with all seriousness: can you please explain why you believe this from a technical standpoint?  
This is the size of the last 5 blocks in MB, as reported on Blockchain.info at the time of this post:
* 998.11
* 998.2
* 999.17
* 998.15
* 988.02
Why is a smaller blocksize limit the optimal solution right now?
@_date: 2016-11-26 20:50:47
One way or the other, the SEC has already made their decision.  The public comment period is a necessary formality, and it is following proper protocol,  but the comments will not sway their decision one way or the other.  Approving the ETF is the only decision that makes sense.  Bitcoin is the only asset in the world that has performed well year after year since 2009. Oil, gold, silver, and the stock market have all had mediocre performance, at best, if you compare them to Bitcoin.  
This chart basically makes the decision for them: 
@_date: 2016-11-24 21:06:11
This is absolutely true.  I have been into Bitcoin since 2011, and I had my first truly horrible transaction experience yesterday.  I sent some Bitcoin to Poloniex to buy  XMR.  It was a lot of Bitcoin, but I set a relatively large transaction fee (on the order of about 0.0015 BTC).  I watched in horror as block after block passed without my transaction getting confirmed, and the price of XMR continuously going up.  I am a huge fan and proponent of Bitcoin,  but the experience that I had yesterday is simply not acceptable.   I ended up giving up on the seeing the transaction go through that night:  I went to bed.  When I work up about 8 hours later, the transaction had gone through, and it only had 9 confirmations. That should give you an idea of how long the transaction took.  I can only imagine how bad this would make Bitcoin look to a person using it for the first time.  **(My lesson learned:  I went into Electrum's settings, and set "use RBF" to "true" and  "use dynamic fees" to "true".  I will not get to test whether this improves my experience until I come back to Bitcoin at some point in the future.)**
As much as I hate to admit it, I think that Mike Hearn was right:  Bitcoin is broken, and it desperately needs to get fixed before its reputation is permanently damaged.  There also needs to be more open forums where Bitcoin's problems can be honestly discussed.  It does not do us any good to put our heads in the sand and pretend that everything is okay.  Allowing open discussions, and allowing people to express valid criticisms of a platform are the only way that that platform is going to continuously improve.
I commend all of the Bitcoin developers for all of the great work that they have done, and that they continue to do.   However, I tapped out this morning: when I woke up and saw that the transaction went through, I decided to convert all of my Bitcoin to XMR.  I am sure that I will be back, but I will not come back to BTC permanently until the scaling issue is adequately resolved.  I personally think that both Core and Unlimited are right.  I think that Segwit is great technology that needs to be implemented ASAP.  I am also very impressed with the demos of the Lightning Network that I have viewed.  However, I also believe that Roger Ver is right about the need for bigger blocks (at least 2 MB for now).  I would really like to see Bitcoin adopt a variable block size similar to XMR's.  If we do all of the above, I have absolutely no doubt that Bitcoin will be able to displace the legacy money transactions systems.
Finally, if we can resolve these issues, Bitcoin's potential is limitless. I have a house full of guests for Thanksgiving right now.  One of them is from Nigeria, but he lives here in the U.S. He told me that he owns a business in Nigeria that buys tomatoes and other vegetables in the northern part of Nigeria, and sells them in the southern part.  However, he gets eaten up in currency exchange fees, and money transfers fees. He uses an app on his phone to send money (I think that it was called "Remit")  and it charges him about 5%.  I told him that he would pay less than 1% if he used Bitcoin instead.  I then also explained to him that a Bitcoin can be purchased for about $750 in the U.S., but can be sold for about $1,100 to $1,200 worth of Naira (Nigeria's national currency).  That's when his eyes lit up.  His Nigerian business deals exclusively in Naira, so the exchange of USD-to-Bitcoin-to-Naira becomes a boost instead of a burden.  Tomorrow, I am going to sit him down and explain to him in detail how to set up a Bitcoin wallet securely, buy Bitcoin, send and receive Bitcoin, and securely hold Bitcoin long term.  I have not and will not tell him that I recently dumped all of my Bitcoin for XMR.  I still believe in Bitcoin, and I believe that Bitcoin's problems will be fixed.  However, my biggest fear is that he will start using Bitcoin, have transaction problems, and determine that Bitcoin is a technology that is not ready for the prime time. 
 **Let's please work together and get the scaling issue resolved so that Bitcoin can become what we all want it to: the dominant global currency.**
@_date: 2016-12-17 05:16:37
Thank you for all of the answers.  I apologize for inaccurately thinking that you co-wrote BIP 106.  I thought so because you are listed as one of two contributors here: 
Have a great day, and thank you for all that you do for Bitcoin!
@_date: 2016-11-27 02:50:08
The first rule of being a winner (in investing):  don't invest too much effort into to listening to what any one person has to say. The wisdom always lays in the movement of the crowd.
  Nothing I say will change your opinion, so it would be an obvious waste of effort to try.  However, the more important fact is that a lot of people will gain something from my views.  Your opinion will not and cannot change that :)
@_date: 2017-01-16 21:49:35
Bitcoin is extremely low (non-existent) on Google's priority list.  They have a lot bigger problems to deal with (e.g. Pixel XL audio issue):   
Google has no interest in Bitcoin yet because they don't see how it could make them money.  Webtorrent + Bitcoin payments WILL get Google's attention if it starts to take off.
@_date: 2016-12-17 05:06:01
Yeah, I feel the same.  However, my experiences from my day-to-day life give me the gut feeling that flexibility is usually a better solution that rigidity.  I'd like to see flex caps tested more widely on blockchains to see how they respond to real life demands.
@_date: 2016-11-26 22:54:56
Lol.  Unfortunately,  I don't publish a newsletter (yet).  However, I listened to Bob Brinker's MoneyTalk for decades,  and much of my thinking was inspired by him.  He has a newsletter, and much more, here: 
I try to keep things as simple as possible.  People like a winner, and that is what Bitcoin is.  That's why people buy it: it's as simple as that.  Google is a winner; Yahoo is not.  So people buy Google stock, and avoid Yahoo stock.  The crypto-currency winners are in the top half of this page; the losers are in the bottom half (and below):  
So my crypto-currency investment strategy is simple: pick the winningest amongst the winners.  I have identified 6:
* Bitcoin
* Ethereum
* Monero
* Dash
* Augur
* Digix DAO
Am I 100% right? No.  But I believe that the 6 above give me the best probability of long-term success.  I also hold small amounts of Golem Network tokens and Iconomi tokens because IF they succeed, they are going to go up a lot.
@_date: 2016-11-26 21:48:35
Thanks.  We'll see.
@_date: 2016-12-17 04:27:06
I have no idea.  It's over a year old, and I heard of it for the first time today.
@_date: 2016-11-26 20:36:25
The Winklevoss ETF is going to get approved.  
I too read through all of the comments.  In the case of most of the negative comments, it is relatively clear that the commenter is not expressing neutral, unbiased, and factual information, but rather expressing how Bitcoin does not fit into their existing (and often hidden) agenda.  **The reviewers at the SEC aren't idiots.**  They know that every opinion, both positive and negative, is colored by the self-interests of the commenting party.  That being said, the U.S. economy has been in an anemic state since 2008.  We need a boost.  
The SEC officials are going to, for the most part, ignore the comments and approve the ETF because the market needs some really good news. The post approval rise in Bitcoin's price will be similar to the rise in gold's price after gold ETFs were approved in the early 2000s.  The SEC knows thats, and they hope that Bitcoin's price rise will get people excited about investing again, not just in Bitcoin, but in a wide variety of market offerings.
@_date: 2016-11-26 21:25:35
I will address a few of your points.  My remarks are in ().
* And that's why you didn't bother.  (Correct.  I did not comment because I think that it is a waste of time.  They will make their decisions based on Bitcoin's price performance since 2009.)
* But only if they're overinvested in Bitcoin, as you seem to be. (Incorrect.  I have a well diversified portfolio comprised of a well distributed mix of traditional stocks, mutual fund shares, and crypto-currencies.  My crypto-currency holdings consist of a well distributed mix of Bitcoin, Ethereum, Dash, Monero, and several Ethereum tokens - Golem, REP, Iconomi, and Digix Dao.  I completely divested of Bitcoin 2 days ago after a really bad transaction experience, but I later decided that this was unwise, so I came back in yesterday.  However, my belief that the only logical decision is to approve the ETF is not based on my holdings; it is based on the price performance of Bitcoin from 2009 until now.)
* They have the attractive quality of not being money, in direct competition with the USD. 
(I don't think that you fully understand the American mentality: "Americans love a winner **(Bitcoin)** and will not tolerate a loser **(the U.S. dollar)**. Americans play to win all the time. That's why Americans have never lost and will never lose a war. The very thought of losing is hateful to Americans **(hence the SEC will approve the Bitcoin ETF because Bitcoin gives us a better chance of turning things around than the USD does)**." - General George Patton's Speech to the 3rd Army.
* Here, you have the performance of Bitcoin: 
* Here, you can see the results of the poor performance and utilization of the U.S. dollar:  
Debt accumulation, overspending, and the overprinting of the U.S. dollar have gotten the U.S. into the problematic state that we currently find ourselves in.  Approving the Bitcoin ETF, and the resulting rise in the price of Bitcoin, will, at a minimum, provide a temporary distraction from the dire state of the U.S. economy.  However, if the U.S. government is wise, they will use the new attention that crypto-currencies gain to shift the entire U.S. economy towards the direction of digitization, automation, smart contracts etc.  Bitcoin et al will help us learn to work smarter, not harder.)
@_date: 2016-11-26 21:04:38
These aren't facts, they are my opinion based on both my understanding of human nature, and my understanding of market dynamics.  It is quite simple:  everyone loves and follows a winner, especially in the United States.  Bitcoin continues to go up in price, no matter what is thrown at it.  It is clearly a winner, and no negative comments can change that perception in people's minds.  The only "comment" that matters is Bitcoin's price performance over time.  The only fact that  I stated was that gold ETFs were approved in the early 2000s.  


@_date: 2016-11-27 02:56:13
No problem at all.  Your comment encouraged me to look up the date of Patton's speech.  It turns out that he gave various versions of the speech on multiple dates, mostly from about Feb. to Jul. of 1944.   Source:  
Thank you for the heads up on "N. Korea" versus "Korea".  I've editted my post above.
@_date: 2016-12-17 04:12:15
I like this proposal too:  
It does exactly what you recommend: it keeps blocks from growing too quickly.
@_date: 2016-12-17 03:59:37
I personally like the idea of a variable block size limit based on current network conditions. 
@_date: 2016-12-10 20:18:10
Will do.  I've heard nothing but great things about their work.
@_date: 2016-11-27 16:57:50
Lol. I AM crazy, but not that crazy.  
BTW, PM me.  Counting my money takes far too long.  I can have you take care of some of my light work for me.  :)
@_date: 2016-12-17 05:03:30
That makes sense.  You were a co-writer of BIP 106.  Do you still believe that a variable block size limit can be incorporated into the mix at some point in the future in addition to Segwit, Lightning etc.?
@_date: 2016-11-26 22:04:54
I trust people's intelligence.   They know that I am not on the SEC review committee, so I obviously don't know the outcome.   You don't have to preface every statement on Reddit with "these are my opinions".   That is implied.
@_date: 2016-12-17 05:28:17
I see.  Thanks!
@_date: 2016-11-26 20:55:11
Safety and security for the non-technical.  ETF shares will probably be insured, so if Gemini messes up, your funds are still safe (to a point).  However, if a non-technical person messes up and accidentally sends their BTC to the wrong address, they will most likely lose it all.  The ETF will perform the same function that a mutual fund or bank does now: hold your money for you securely so that you don't have to do it yourself.
@_date: 2016-11-26 23:00:57
Right on.  Stolfi = sore loser.
@_date: 2016-11-27 21:19:12
Understood.  I was just illustrating my point: **Americans WILL ALWAYS find a way to win, no matter the cost.**  
If you change your mind, please let me know.   My business is growing, and I need a hard-working shoe shine boy to take over the corner at 1221 Avenue of the Americas.  Have a great day! :)
@_date: 2016-11-06 04:49:49
**Note:** when viewed in Firefox with Adblock enabled, I receive a paywall when trying to view this article.  I received no paywall using Brave with ad blocking enabled.
@_date: 2016-12-17 04:40:50
Good points.  I like the variable block size limit because it accommodates for the surges and declines in demand.
@_date: 2016-11-27 15:09:16
I accept your concession, Sir.  Defeating you so easily truly pains me.  Back to counting my money....
@_date: 2016-11-27 01:45:10
In your opinion.  I have lived here for my entire life, and yes it is a generalization.  I have travelled the entire world, and one thing that is true in every U.S. community that I have been in:  **Americans are OBSESSED with winning**.  You can see it in any basketball court in any one of America's inner cities, you can see it in surburban kids in the outskirts of a city in NJ.  This is the common thread that I have seen in almost everyone that I have met in the U.S.  Most people that I meet outside of the U.S. like to win, but they are not obsessed with it the way Americans are.  I admit that it is an oversimplification, but it is nonetheless true, whether you like it or not.  So my advise would be to use this knowledge wisely, and profit from it.
@_date: 2016-11-27 02:04:03
General Patton made his comments in the summer of  1944, well before Vietnam or ~~N.~~ Korea.  
The point is that his speech is a perfect reflection of how Americans think.  China is dominant in Bitcoin, but people in the United States still have a very powerful influence over the use and price of Bitcoin, so understanding how both communities think is critical. Patton's speech gives great insights into how Americans think.  I do not fully understand how the Chinese think (in broad general terms), but it is pretty obvious that they embrace risk, embrace new technologies, and they do not like to lose.  
The big difference that I see: Americans don't like to embrace things that were built elsewhere.  The Chinese have absolutely no problem taking something built elsewhere and improving upon it.  This is crucial for the survival of Bitcoin.  The Chinese will help to build Bitcoin into something the the U.S. government cannot ignore.  They will ultimately decide "we can't beat them, so we had better join them".  I suspect that this decision has already been made, hence the John Doe summons (get people primed for when Bitcoin becomes part of the U.S. tax system) and the approval of the Winklevoss Bitcoin ETF in March of 2017.
@_date: 2016-11-27 19:25:51
Lol,  neither do I. I'm too busy counting. 
Please PM me when you're ready for your work assignments.  You'll need one of these: 
Don't worry about the pay.  I'll take care of you.  You can start by carefully studying here: 
@_date: 2016-12-17 04:05:24
At least 1 proposal has already been submitted, BIP 106: 
@_date: 2016-11-27 02:07:59
To the contrary, I have decades of investing and life experience with very diverse groups of people.  What I am saying applies to a very small snippet of life: investing. 
Investing is extremely simple: no one wants to lose their money.  So they will run towards what they perceive as a winner, and run away from what they perceive as a loser. 
* Warren Buffett = winner.  
* Google = winner.  
* Tesla = winner.  
* Bitcoin = winner.  
* Yahoo! = loser.   
* Myspace = loser.  
* Theranos = loser. 
* Paccoin = loser. 
 Keep it simple :)
@_date: 2016-11-20 05:38:51


This is my favorite one.  Colored coins could revolutionize stock markets.  For example, shares of Google (GOOG) could just be globally trade-able colored coins on the Bitcoin network, or coins on a Bitcoin sidechain. Imagine if all of the stocks on the NYSE, NASDAQ, etc. were bought, sold, and transferred as colored coins.  There is no reason that this model could not be replicated globally.  This could take the price of one Bitcoin to 1 million USD, the price recently predicted by a prominent Chinese bitcoin miner: 
@_date: 2016-09-30 02:58:38
The latest version of Electrum, 2.6.4, was released in August 2016.  You should **ONLY** download Electrum from the official source:    
A couple of days ago, a scammer claimed that Electrum 2.6.5 was released:
"[]ThomasV1 2 points 2 days ago 
I confirm this is a scam. we are about to release version 2.7, not 2.6.5"
**ThomasV1 is Thomas Voegtlin, Electrum's lead developer.**
The scammer hosted his version of Electrum on Github.  I got suspicious when there was no 2.6.5 release on Electrum.org.  It turns out that the scammer just repackaged version 2.6.4 as version 2.6.5.  I figured this out by running the SHA-256 hash of the scammers version versus the SHA-256 hash of the official version.  They matched exactly.  So he did not inject any malicious code into his version, but he did lie about the version number.  
The message you should take away from this: there are vigilant scammers looking for innovative ways to steal your bitcoins.  Be very careful.  **Always** download your Bitcoin wallets from the official source. I also recommend that you always run a hash of the binaries and make sure that the hash of the file you downloaded matches what the developer says it should be.  That information is normally posted somewhere on the download page.  Unfortunately, Electrum does not do this, but most people trust that the versions on Electrum.org are authentic.  The lead developer of Electrum, Thomas Voegtlin, does sign the binaries and source code digitally.  For example, the signatures for version 2.6.4 are documented here: 
My last piece of advise is to be patient.  Don't just download and install a new version of a Bitcoin wallet immediately when it is released.  Wait a little bit and look at the news cycle to see if some flaw or vulnerability is discovered. **It is a disastrous scenario to learn about a vulnerability AFTER your coins have been stolen.**  The obvious exception to this rule is if the CURRENT version of the wallet has a vulnerability: then you want to upgrade as quickly as possible. 
Be vigilant.  Always assume that someone is trying to steal your coins.  Use multisignature Bitcoin addresses. If you follow these practices religiously, you greatly mitigate the risk of losing your bitcoins.  **Finally, always stop, slow down, and take a second to THINK before you take any action.** Thank goodness I took as second to think a couple of days ago when the scammer claimed that Electrum 2.6.5 had been released. It did not pass the common sense test that a new version would not be posted on Electrum.org.  I had never seen that happen before.  By engaging my brain when the scammer announced version 2.6.5 was released, I prevented myself from downloading and installing it.  But when I first saw the announcement, I was excited thinking that a new version was out.  That is the sentiment that scammers want to take advantage of, so BEWARE.  Good luck!!
@_date: 2016-09-27 04:20:44
**WARNING: DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS!!!!** This is not Electrum 2.6.5.  I ran the SHA256Sum of the file and it came up exactly the same as version 2.6.4 of Electrum for Linux found here:   At a minimum, this person is dishonest.  At worst, he or she is trying to eventually steal your bitcoins (by getting you to trust an unverified source, and then eventually switching you over to a malicious version of the software).  **This is NOT an official Electrum release. You should only download Electrum from the official source:**  Doing otherwise puts your bitcoins at risk. My system produced the same SHA256 hash for both files: 2ab53b434206ed8ae72e9cadb22d44ef9ba720a7d052abe102f5d55cafbef866   **Admins, please consider deleting this link, and I strongly recommend considering getting this user banned from Reddit.**
@_date: 2016-09-27 05:40:08
No problem.  I'm usually pretty careful and almost installed it myself.
@_date: 2016-09-27 04:26:11
**WARNING: DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS!!!!** This is not Electrum 2.6.5.  I ran the SHA256Sum of the file and it came up exactly the same as version 2.6.4 of Electrum for Linux found here:   At a minimum, this person is dishonest.  At worst, he or she is trying to eventually steal your bitcoins (by getting you to trust an unverified source, and then eventually switching you over to a malicious version of the software).  **This is NOT an official Electrum release. You should only download Electrum from the official source:**  Doing otherwise puts your bitcoins at risk. My system produced the same SHA256 hash for both files: 2ab53b434206ed8ae72e9cadb22d44ef9ba720a7d052abe102f5d55cafbef866   **Admins, please consider deleting this link, and I strongly recommend considering getting this user banned from Reddit.**
@_date: 2015-09-19 12:53:01
I took a look at the source code for the homepage.  Looks like its built on Wordpress 4.3.1.  Using a free software/open source content management system is a much wiser choice than paying for a custom built-from-scratch website that will be more expensive to maintain.  Now, we'll benefit from the hard work of the Wordpress community.  
Personally, I like Drupal better than Wordpress, but this is still a very good choice, and the 2.0 version of the site looks 100 times better than the 1.0 version did.  Very nice work indeed! 
@_date: 2015-09-19 12:57:33
The only thing that I don't like is the promoted wallet.  They should not push a certain wallet on the user.   The most fair way of doing this would be to list the wallets in the order of current popularity.  
@_date: 2015-10-03 19:06:42
I bought her song today, and it was extremely easy.  
* Step 1: go here: 
* Step 2: click on "Launch Prototype".
* Step 3: Under Tiny Human, click "Download".
* Step 4: Follow instructions to create Ethereum wallet.
* Step 5: Use Shapeshift to fund Ethereum wallet via BTC to ETH transfer to wallet address created in Step 4.
When ETH are received, download link will appear.  Total time needed: about 10 - 15 minutes.