@_author: midnightlightning
@_date: 2016-08-03 21:41:37
@_date: 2016-08-09 12:01:23
Their system allowed theguestbook.com to enter your email address to pay you. That's not a bug, that's a feature. I agree with Coinbase; the issue is the merchant didn't follow your instructions, it's not Coinbase who could have done anything.
Same as if someone sent you a postcard via snail mail, and you told them to send it to your home address, but instead they sent it to your summer vacation home. You happened to be vacationing there at the moment and met the postman at the door to receive the postcard. And now you blame the postman (who did their job well), saying they shouldn't have allowed that postcard to be addressed in that manner?
@_date: 2016-08-09 13:55:48
How did you request the payment from theguestbook.com? Did you go through Coinbase's 'request a payment form' (doubtful; you said you didn't even remember you had a Coinbase account), or did you contact the merchant directly? Or is the merchant using a Coinbase checkout page, which you filled out not knowing you already had an account?
And, have you contacted theguestbook.com to verify what they actually did? Did they willingly/accidentally put in the wrong information into some form (their fault), or did they push some "click here to pay this request" button and it went to the wrong place (Coinbase's fault)?
@_date: 2018-01-17 22:12:53
[Lightning Labs]( and ACINQ ([Eclair]( have desktop wallets, and Eclair has an Android version in the Google Play store that are all available now.
However, all those are hard-coded to the bitcoin testnet, so you're not playing with real money on them. To make a _real_ purchase with mainnet lightning payments (like that Twitter post is offering), you must modify the source code of those wallets (they're open source, so able to be done) and re-compile it yourself. That's a daunting task at the moment, so only a few are doing it, but more options will be coming in the near future.
@_date: 2018-01-05 13:41:49
@_date: 2018-01-29 20:18:00
Not true. The Segregated Witness feature fixed malleability, ***and*** changed block size calculations to be by "weight", and increased that weight, resulting in a block size increase.
@_date: 2018-01-19 20:20:14
Your ratios don't add up, though. 


You laid out a situation where a small number of transactions are prioritized by people who are incentivized by things off-chain to want to be at the front of the line. 


As long as the "few transactions" that are willing to pay more to get into a block is less than one block in size, each block would include some of each category, and the super-majority isn't "forced" into anything, since transactions from that collection get included in each block.
It's only if the first part of the statement is false where we have an issue: If the number of people wanting to be absolutely first in line is not just "a few" but is a significant percentage of the transactions *continuously* that the network has the situation of blocking out lower fee levels. This is why the whole "Coinbase is not batching their transactions" thing is an issue, because it creates not just a momentary demand (like a single user making a critical purchase), but a continuous one, that doesn't need to exist.
@_date: 2018-01-13 17:31:56
A Lightning Network wallet will need to connect to the Bitcoin network _somehow_. Running your own node is the most secure, but using something like Electrum's known, public nodes, you could get away with not.
To earn funds routing payments all you need is a Lightning wallet; the income earned is in the form of state adjustments in your open payment channels, so happens within the Lightning Network and would be visible to a Lightning wallet alone
@_date: 2018-01-18 20:18:35
For every channel, you and your partner determine how long the timelocks for fraud proof are. So, "for a while" varies channel by channel; if you're offline longer than the time you set for the timelocks, you're at risk. If you're online continuously (or check in every few days or so) to monitor your partner for fraud, the channel can remain open indefinitely.
@_date: 2018-01-12 16:06:34
The point is during the time Coinbase was not generating _any_ transactions, the overall size of the mempool went down. The mempool size has downward pressure from blocks being mined pulling transactions out of the pool (rate `M`), and upward pressure from users creating new transactions wanting to be included (rate `T`). When `T` is bigger than `M`, the overall mempool size goes up. When `T` is less than `M`, it goes down. 
The fact that when Coinbase wasn't participating in the network, `T` became less than `M` showed that Coinbase's contribution to `T` is significant.
The size of the dip (10% of the overall mempool) isn't that important (that only is a factor of how long Coinbase was out of the equation). What's more important is the steepness of the downward slope.
@_date: 2018-01-09 20:58:06
If you wish to close a channel (withdraw the funds) _without_ the other party's help, then there would be that whatever-you-agreed-upon-fraud-prevention-sized delay. If you wish to close a channel _cooperatively_ (with the support and agreement of the other party), the transaction time is not delayed; it's just a typical on-chain transaction confirmation time then.
@_date: 2018-01-10 13:11:01


Actually, several prepaid debit/credit cards have an activation fee or card fee that you have to pay just to get a zero-balance card. Now, those fees are typically more around the $3-5 range, but those sort of cards also have monthly fees whereas a Lightning Network connection wouldn't. As the network gets started, the initial people who open channels may need to pay ~$20 to open the channels, but ideally the overall network on-chain transaction demand would go down and the fees would drop, making it even more affordable. Even if it doesn't, it's still comparable to the prepaid card you mentioned, given a few months of fees on it.
@_date: 2018-01-13 18:14:38
You need a Lightning node to earn Lightning micropayments.
If you want to spend those micropayments on the Lightning Network, you still only need a Lightning node.
To cash out of the Lightning Network (to move those micro-earnings to a traditional Bitcoin wallet), that's when you'd need access to a Bitcoin node
@_date: 2018-01-10 23:40:04
As part of the opening of a payment channel, you transfer some on-chain assets to a script-controlled address for the duration the payment channel is open. You can't double-spend those coins with another on-chain transaction since you no longer control them (the script does). The script is designed such that it only releases when the payment channel closes, and it will then send whatever funds you're owed back to you.
@_date: 2018-01-20 21:00:49
I look back on [my own drink giveaway] ( from time to time; my biggest "tip" to date!
@_date: 2018-01-11 00:34:02
You answered your own question; if the node you're dealing with is misbehaving, you can connect to another. 
If fees don't come down as a result of Lightning Network adoption, it will cost the other node in chain transaction fees to close the channel with you in the first place. Which if that fee is high enough to be discouraging to you to re-open, it would also be discouraging to the other party to close it in the first place, leading to that not really happening much
@_date: 2018-01-08 06:49:40


Do you lament when you go to browse a website that 95% of the time the browser negotiated the HTTPS connection for you? Do you do your own DNS lookups and only type in IP addresses to browse? Technology is at a point today where interoperability is key, where most everything has an API, and you have technology that controls other technology. "High level" programming languages make it more human friendly to interact with computers rather than binary processor instructions. Designing another layer on top of an existing technology is not a "workaround", but an evolution. An evolution toward better user experiences step by step.
Bitcoin and blockchain technology in general is like where the internet was in the 80s, where in order to get online, you had to do a bunch of steps (make sure no one else is using the phone, enter phone number into modem config, dial with modem, minimize that and launch browser). They were strange and awkward UX at first, but people learned them, and as the technology improved, the steps got less. Bitcoin's still laying the foundation (and making sure that's rock solid), so the UX hasn't been fully created yet, since the technology isn't all there yet.
@_date: 2018-01-18 16:53:24
But if you put in 1 mBTC and your partner puts in 1,000 mBTC, it's possible you could get transferred all that additional funding (which if you're risk averse is an issue)
@_date: 2018-01-22 12:26:32
With this walkthrough, you're instructed to copy code contents from the author's repository, not the code repository of the `bitcoind` and `lightningd` applications. The author's already modified the source files to connect to the mainnet instead of the testnet, but that means **you have to trust the author** to have not made additional changes to the source code (like stealing your private keys when they're generated)!
@_date: 2018-01-18 16:49:25
Channels don't "expire", they have to be specifically closed. If they aren't, they'll continue indefinitely. But either party could start the closing process at any time, so if you're unresponsive for a while, it's up to your channel partner to decide what to do.
@_date: 2018-01-01 00:42:19
At Namecheap I have the option of paying with credit card or Bitcoin. Yes, I could pay less fees by paying with my credit card instead, but I chose to pay a little extra to energize the cryptocurrency market.
If you're implying another cryptocurrency has less fees, they're not accepted at Namecheap, so that's moot. I possibly could have done a domain transfer to a different register who supports another coin (are there any...?). So, from that perspective, I paid a small fee to avoid the hassle of transferring to another registrar.
@_date: 2018-01-15 12:13:06
Sure, that would reset the chain size on disk to zero, but it would also wipe out all Bitcoin Cash amounts that existed before that block; it would effectively wipe everyone's bank accounts and start Bitcoin Cash over again from scratch.
@_date: 2018-01-15 20:00:22


It's a pretend coffee shop that you can pretend to spend your Testnet Bitcoins at. You don't actually get any coffee; it's just a way to experience what it's like to buy from a merchant, seeing your wallet confirm the transaction and the merchant confirm the transaction near-instantly.
If you want to try a Lightning Network transaction that really does something, try [Y'alls]( it is set up as a news blog paywall site. In order to read the full articles you have to make a Lightning Network payment (of $0.01) to them (and it's testnet coins, so not even worth that much).


ALL OF THEM! :D 
Just like any Bitcoin wallet can pay any merchant who accepts Bitcoin, any Lightning wallet can pay a merchant who accepts Lightning payments.


No, not yet; all the Lightning Network wallets at this point have their own wallet built in. You have to first send your Bitcoins (on-chain) to the new wallet address they give you. Then you can create channels out of those funds and start transacting on the Lightning Network.
But all Lightning Network wallets at this point are Testnet-only, so use a testnet faucet to get some testnet bitcoins and you can start using it right away.
@_date: 2018-01-22 12:16:44
Yes, he could have, but Alice would have seen that in the act of opening the channel, and could have declined opening the channel in the first place if she didn't agree to such a low timelock size.
@_date: 2018-01-20 04:42:13


No, the number of transactions being processed is an **order of magnitude** different: 
Bitcoin has been processing ~1,300 tx/block over the last day, while Bitcoin Cash has been processing ~130 tx/block.
January 14 there was a brief moment where Bitcoin Cash's blocks spiked up and Bitcoin's were down and the lines almost crossed, but in general Bitcoin has been processing x10 transactions of Bitcoin Cash.
@_date: 2018-01-08 14:29:35
The amount you transacted doesn't matter when trying to figure out when it will likely confirm. The data size of the transaction is what matters. If you share the transaction byte side or a transaction ID, then the fee sat/byte can be calculated and you can compare that to others in [the mempool]( to figure out probable confirmation time.
@_date: 2018-01-11 06:12:53


Wait, you're describing two different scenarios there. In one scenario, you're just an end user, who has one or two payment channels open mainly for you to pay out of (you're a consumer, not a merchant). In that scenario, if you're making purchases and deplete all your allotted value in your channel, you can close it and open a fresh one, or use some service (doesn't exist yet; it's a business opportunity for anyone who wants to jump into the space) that will route funds back to you to "top you up".
The other situation you mentioned is routing others' payments. If you have two channels open and you are used as a hop for someone else's payment, one of your channels will get more funds allocated to you, while the other one will get depleted by the same amount. If you want to also use your channels to pay for stuff, the one that got more funds in it can be used to spend to someone else.
@_date: 2018-01-09 21:03:02
A great graphic, though to be fair, the last two examples (topping up and withdrawing excess) only work as you have shown if some company decides to start offering that as a service. Companies may be incentivized to start offering that as a service, but the Lightning Network protocol alone doesn't provide for that, while it does provide for the other structures and processes.
@_date: 2018-01-16 22:51:06
Yes, assuming the husband didn't split and transfer the BCH off before he died. The Ledger Wallet app provides an interface for splitting and claiming your BCH, which they could have done any time after the August split.
@_date: 2018-01-15 12:48:49


What you're describing there is the Unspent Transaction Out set (UTXO); that's a listing of all the outputs from all transactions from all time that haven't been spent yet. I'm not finding a good reference to how bit the UTXO set is (in terms of disk size), but it's around 67 million outputs. If a new Genesis block were formed that contained that record, it would need 67 million coinbase transactions in it (transactions with no inputs; ones that just pull funds out of the air), to give people back their funds. You'd then have to trust the creator of that new Genesis block to be honest in the creation of it.
So, it would be a huge block, and you'd lose a lot of history, but possibly that will be an easier pill to swallow in the future than constantly increasing blockchain size. Doing it that way treats historical data as a sort of "archive"; the blockchain resets every so often, and if you need historical data, you need to go back to the "old blockhain" to get it. It doesn't solve the issue of how much space is needed, just is a pruning method for active nodes to only keep up-to-date on recent transaction state.
Also, if a "reset Genesis" block like this were announced that it would be created at some future block height, malicious users could simply distribute their coins into thousands of dust-sized pieces to massively bloat the size of that UTXO set right before the snapshot, affecting its size for everyone.
@_date: 2018-01-01 16:48:13
The exact menu commands depend on the wallet software. In Mycelium for Android, click the "key plus" icon on top, scroll to the bottom and click "Advanced", then scan or copy/paste the private keys. Once all are imported, just make a transaction and it will pull all the inputs needed to accomplish it
@_date: 2018-01-08 23:00:57
Half of the transaction data. A transaction is partially a command ("Give X coins from A to B") and partly authorization ("I am A; I'm allowed to give this command"). SegWit segregates the "witness", which is the authorization part, and puts it somewhere else, and makes it cheaper. So, the half of the transaction that is authorization data is cheaper than the command part, leading to a lesser fee overall than a conventional transaction.
@_date: 2018-01-10 23:43:33
When a channel opens, the two parties each put some amount in (`X + Y = Z`; `X` from one party, `Y` from the other, for a total of `Z`). Throughout the life of the channel, the values attributed to each participant gets adjusted, so the ratio moves around, but not the total.
To close it out, you don't have to "empty" it (the channel is never "empty"; the sum must always still add up to `Z`). Instead, whatever the current state is (e.g. `A + B = Z`) gets cashed out to the appropriate parties (One side put `X` in and got `A` out. The other side put `Y` in and got `B` out). Any one of those (`A`, `B`, `X`, or `Y`) can be zero. Make sense?
@_date: 2018-01-13 17:25:41
Yes, this is an issue that wallet software will need to figure out. I had similar thoughts bidding for ENS names on the Ethereum network. To place a bid, you include a secret nonce to identify your bid, and at the end of the auction, you need to use that nonce to claim it. I placed a bid on one device, and found I couldn't redeem on another (web app saves the nonce to local browser storage). Additional identifiers and secrets may become more common as additional apps and technology layers are added
@_date: 2018-01-11 05:59:08
Closing a channel out is indeed an on-chain transaction. But, because you can do many transactions on the Lightning Network before closing it out. Assuming you were going to make those purchases anyway, currently they'd have to be done as on-chain transactions, but can now be done as off-chain.
Assuming you were going to make five purchases this month with your Bitcoin, that would be five on-chain transactions. With the Lightning Network, you make one transaction to open a channel, and one to close it. That took your transaction need from five transactions down to two, so reduced the need for three additional transactions in the blockchain. Assuming others like you exist and start using the Lightning Network, the number of on-chain transactions desiring to get added to the chain will fall off. With less transactions vying for space in a block, the fees for on-chain transactions would then decline.
@_date: 2018-01-14 19:48:34
The Bitcoin network **is currently** "shrugging off" this situation; the network itself hasn't crashed or gotten corrupted. The Bitcoin economy/community on the other hand is being dramatically affected by it.
@_date: 2018-01-10 23:47:57
Credit cards include application processes, fraud protection, monthly payment setups, account numbers that expire, and other complexities. Paypal takes all those complexities and adds another layer of complexity on top (usernames and passwords that need to be remembered, servers that need uptime, etc.). 
All that complexity is abstracted away for most users by the wallets and web services (shopping carts and plugins) they use, so it doesn't _appear_ complex. The same is true of the Lightning Network. The underlying technology has a few layers of complexity, but those will be abstracted away behind client software for end users and merchants.
@_date: 2018-01-15 19:56:16


A Bitcoin Core node must remain online to stay connected to the Peer-to-peer network to stay up-to-date on the latest blocks. The Eclair wallet (or any other Lightning wallet) needs a connection to a Bitcoin node to open and close a channel, but once open, **the channel will remain open until specifically closed**. 
In order to update the state of a channel (to make a Lightning Network payment), the Eclair wallet needs a connection to the Lightning Network node (note, not a Bitcoin node) that you opened a channel to. If either party in a payment channel is offline, the state of the channel cannot be updated; it will remain in the last known state the two parties agreed upon until they agree to something different or either party broadcasts the "close channel" transaction.


Using the Lightning Network has been compared to using a checking/savings account, and in this sense, it is similar to that. Before cryptocurrencies, a traditional bank user would create a checking account, and their salary would be deposited into it periodically. They'd spend from that account, and if there was any left over at the end of the month, they may transfer that to a savings account for long-term use.
In the same way, the Lightning Network can behave like your checking account in that it gets funded with enough to get through your monthly expenses, and any extra gets transferred out into long-term storage (cold wallets, hardware wallets, etc.


The wallet software that you use for interacting with the Lightning Network should be able to let you set a fee for routing payments through you; there's no consistent standard for this yet, so we'll have to see what each wallet does for the UI for setting that relay rate.


Yes, you'd get a fee if someone else's transaction used you as a middle-man. If you only have one payment channel open, it would be impossible for someone to route through you. If you have two or more channels open, it's possible that someone who's connected to you by one of those channels is not connected to someone on your other channel's connections, so would use you as a bridge between those two networks. Only then would you get paid, and only if you outbid any other "bridge" points between those two nodes.
@_date: 2018-01-09 21:00:44


No, because all the off-chain transactions are crafted such that they are valid Bitcoin-protocol-adhering transactions. They could become on-chain transactions (because they're valid) if they were broadcast. They're only considered "off chain" because they're not broadcast (they're held privately between the two channel participants). **Those transactions have the same level of security as a transaction in a block on-chain and can be validated/verified using the exact same means by either channel participant at any time**.
@_date: 2018-01-10 23:48:57
You don't have to learn all that; your wallet software will take care of all that for you. But in the same way that if your browser says "I don't trust this HTTPS certificate", you should work to learn something of the underlying technology, at the very least to know what to do next (or who to ask for help) in an error situation like that.
@_date: 2018-01-11 00:36:35
Yes, if to transact with TORGuard right now, you're an early adopter. With all the advantages (extremely discounted VPN service) and difficulties (need to compile it yourself) that come with it.
@_date: 2018-01-10 23:36:22
Off-chain transactions are privately-held by the people the transactions matter to (the channel participants). Your own wallet software will validate the transactions held by it and your partner in the payment channel. Where's the need for more validation?
@_date: 2018-01-20 20:43:37
Part of the key is "full time"; there's likely many more who contribute part time to these open source projects, and many more that are working on apps and services that will work on top of that technology.
@_date: 2019-07-30 19:12:27
Oh, thanks, that's very helpful!
@_date: 2018-01-19 20:24:24


The address in the linked transaction is `bc1q72yt0qqx3al5gpj97dkyg5xfm80r07y9j8ejrz`
That `bc1` prefix indicates that is a [Bech-32-formatted]( address, which is indeed a SegWit address.
@_date: 2018-01-11 06:17:35
The "paying for itself" the OP is referring to is comparing it to what you would have spent for on-chain transactions. If you know you're planning on making two Bitcoin transactions in the next month, it's moot whether you do them as two on-chain transactions, or as a payment channel with two on-chain transactions to open and close it; your fees would be the same.
But if you're planning to do any more, you spend less in fees opening a payment channel than doing them all as on-chain transactions.
@_date: 2018-01-30 21:00:29
"[Bitcoin Cache](
@_date: 2018-01-17 13:36:29
[Pretty close]( Around $320 to $170, $460 to $360, and $1,200 to $750.
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:43:51
The witness portion varies a lot depending on the type of transaction (multi-sig? How many inputs/outputs?). On average, witness data is about 60% of a block's data: 
@_date: 2018-01-11 05:53:45


When you open one channel (putting in 1 BTC in your example), there is exactly one other participant on the other end of that channel (could be Adam, or Bob, or another party, but only one of them). Let's say it's Carol you opened a channel with. If Carol also has a channel open to Bob, and Bob has a channel open to Adam, then you, using your one channel, can pay all of them.
If you indicate "I want to send 0.5 BTC to Adam", you first have to send 0.5 BTC to Carol, and she'll send 0.5 BTC to Bob, and Bob will send 0.5 BTC to Adam. After all that's done, of the 1.0 you put into the channel with Carol, you only have 0.5 left (the other 0.5 you just gave to Carol, on the promise she'd send 0.5 to Bob).
If you now indicate "I want to send 0.5 BTC to Bob", you can do so, but your first hop in the network is again Carol. She's kept a record of your past transaction, so knows you have 0.5 BTC left. You send her that remaining 0.5 BTC, and she sends 0.5 to Bob.
So, when you send funds to people you're not connected to, you're not sending "your" funds to them; you're shifting funds around in the channels you do have connected, on the agreement that person (Carol in this example) uses their payment channels to route the payment where it needs to go. Because every time you send something, you need to be online with your partner, they keep the ledger as well as you, and keep you honest. If you try and double-spend, or over-spend, it's your first hop in the network who will say that's not valid and refuse to update the payment channel state.
@_date: 2018-01-10 23:45:28
We currently have "massively connected full nodes" as part of the underlying P2P network, and that's not a problem. Being "massively connected" doesn't grant additional power, it just indicates a given node has many peers. 
@_date: 2018-01-19 20:30:40
Yes, it got processed with the same amount of priority as a 126 sat/byte transaction, but at a cost to the OP of only 80 sat/byte.
@_date: 2019-07-30 16:41:56
The "appreciation" of pesos isn't tracked, but the value of pesos compared to other foreign currencies does change all the time.
If I find someone willing to take my 50 USD and give me 950 pesos (MXN; so an effective exchange rate of 19 MXN/USD), and then buy a video game for from someone offering it for 950 MXN, what does not happen is the IRS does not then look at the exchange rate of MXN/USD and see that the value of MXN has risen in the interim, and is now 17 MXN/USD, and so my MXN was worth 55.88 USD at the time of sale, so I owe taxes on the 5.88 USD "profit"/"gains" I just made.
If BTC were considered a currency and not a commodity, if someone were offering to sell something priced in BTC, there wouldn't need to be a check-back to what the worth of that BTC was valued at in some other currency at that time of sale.
@_date: 2018-01-11 06:05:41
No; a channel when opened has a certain amount of money in it (contributed by the two participants). The total amount of money in the channel cannot change, but the allocation of who gets what portion of it can.
So, if in your channel you allocate all your portion to the other party, you either need to close and re-open a new payment channel with new funds before you can purchase again, or you need to get someone to send you a Lightning Network payment (an inbound payment will re-allocate some of the funds back to you). There might be companies/services that spring up in the near future that will "top you up" in exchange for some other payment (a standard on-chain transaction, or some other means).
@_date: 2018-01-17 22:09:19
True the software needs a lot more testing before it goes full throttle, but the Twitter post this thread is about is about a mainnet offering; there are a few brave souls starting to bushwhack through the bugs at that level, and here's a merchant endpoint that can serve as a goal for that.
@_date: 2019-07-19 16:23:07
"acknowledging there is a god" and "being a Christian" are two very different things. Being a Christian includes acknowledging that everyone is a sinner and everyone is fallen, but also includes trying your best to sin less, and apologizing/seeking reconciliation when you do. The fact that I've never seen Trump apologize for any of his actions when it's pointed out to him that what he did breaks a Christian ethics rule says to me he's not a Christian. Might be a theist, but not a Christian.
@_date: 2019-07-18 21:11:13
"It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends on his not understanding it." --Upton Sinclair
@_date: 2019-07-30 17:54:53
What's a "non-functional currency"? Are you saying that pesos are currently considered a non-functional currency?
@_date: 2019-07-19 14:45:37
US-based citizens would be subject to a lot of tax penalties doing it that way, unfortunately.
@_date: 2018-01-14 19:53:17
I agree; for this situation, I think the solution is not "Bitcoin needs to prevent this sort of thing from happening." This is not a technological problem, and the P2P network isn't breaking as a result (it's behaving exactly as programmed). This is an economic issue and a company/community issue; upset community members need to vote with their (virtual) feet and support other companies doing it a different way. The customers are the solution to this one, not the technology
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:14:24
Full nodes do validate the blocks they add, and there are hard-stop scenarios in every client that they will reject the block outright. That's why the first block in the Bitcoin Cash fork was forced to be a greater-than-one-megabyte-in-size block, because that block would fail validation by full nodes running the Core Bitcoin client, and would keep those clients from ever progressing down that side-chain.
used both "validating" and "confirming" to describe what full nodes do; you're right that they don't add confirmations to the blockchain, but they do validate blocks
@_date: 2019-07-30 17:48:06
Yes, currently the IRS considers it a "barter" when giving BTC in exchange for something. The argument being made here is that it shouldn't be considered a barter, if the person is asking to be paid in BTC, and prices an item in a fixed amount of BTC.
@_date: 2017-12-30 23:44:17
In the same sense that paying a shipping and handling fee on a package, or a stamp on a letter is "wasting money on fees," sure.
@_date: 2017-12-07 04:47:31
Today I had the experience of in the middle of explaining Bitcoin mining to one coworker, have another coworker walk by, overhear, do a double-take, and jump in with "Are you talking about Bitcoin? What even _is_ that?"
So yes, paused one conversation educating a new user to have another conversation for a new user! It's definitely spreading!
@_date: 2017-12-31 00:21:53
I never said the fees I paid were a large percentage of what I paid. 
If someone pays overnight shipping costs to overnight a package to someone, they probably had a reason to need the speed, especially if the item was not high on value on its own. Sentimental value, leaving on a trip the next day, made a bet, trying to appease an irate customer, key piece of something bigger, etc.; There's many reasons why someone would pay a large shipping fee for a low price item.
I did not have a need for high speed and didn't pay a high fee to get it.
@_date: 2017-12-06 21:59:20
The first few channels that are opened will have to pay today's fees. But the act of opening them and moving some future transactions off chain relieves fee pressure on-chain, and the on-chain fees will start to go down. Subsequent channel opening transactions then have to pay less fees, and the cycle continues.
@_date: 2017-12-28 01:27:39
You can create a transaction from those four wallets together, sending all four small amounts to a new single location in one transaction. You'd just need to import the private keys into a single wallet software to do that.
@_date: 2017-12-30 23:12:47
Renewed my domain names on Namecheap just last week with Bitcoin. What's your point?
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:44:51
I actually saw a hackathon project where they used a Kinect to detect jumping jacks, and paid out tokens based on exercise done.
@_date: 2017-12-30 23:20:34


The Jochen charts show there are transactions of higher value in the pool, yes, but miners don't have to always pick the highest fee transactions (though most do). Also, if 100 new 7 sat/byte transactions joined the pool the same time a block was mined that included 100 transactions from that same fee range, the chart would look flat for that time period, even though some made it into a block.
@_date: 2017-12-06 22:02:15
The first few channels that are opened will have to pay today's fees. But the act of opening them and moving some future transactions off chain relieves fee pressure on-chain, and the on-chain fees will start to go down. Subsequent channel opening transactions then have to pay less fees, and the cycle continues.
The "distant future" use case ideal is that if a user doesn't need a specific transaction to be engraved forever in a public ledger (their daily cup of coffee, for example), they choose to do it off-chain. For transactions that benefit from being public and verifiable forever (credit card payments, bank transfers, consolidation of your monthly coffee purchases, etc.), the users making those transactions can choose to make a slightly higher fee for an on-chain transaction (either a one-off transaction, or closing out a payment channel).
@_date: 2017-12-13 21:36:55
If you (your node) is used as a hop-point in a multi-hop transaction, you can charge a fee for that use. The funds would come in to you on one of your payment channels, and then you'd send all but your fee out again on a different channel. So your payment would be received in the form of credit on the inbound channel you already had open.
@_date: 2018-09-21 21:51:01
That's pretty close to a Bacon Cipher; making [anything signify anything](
Using a straight Bacon Cipher, each word in a standard 24-word seed phrase only needs the first four letters to be unique. So, four letters times 24 words is 96 letters. Each Baconian Cipher letter needs five binary digits to encode, so 480 links. Using the numeric equivalent make yours twice as compact.
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:15:18
Not OP, but the general workflow could be (to be both secure and retrievable):
- Go to 
- Don't bother moving your mouse around, just go to the bottom of the page where it has the "zip" link. Click that to download a ZIP archive of the file
- Update the virus definitions of whatever virus scanner you use.
- Go offline (pull plug out of the wall or pull power out of router)
- Do a full virus scan
- Open the ZIP archive, and double-click `bitaddress.org.html`. This will open the site locally, and since your computer is offline, it cannot send any information outside your computer.
- Move mouse around until 100% is hit on the random seed.
- Go to the "Paper Wallet" tab, and adjust the number of notes to however many you need.
- Click the "Print" button to send to the printer. In the print settings dialog **set it to make two copies**
- You now have two sets of identical paper wallets. Take one set and put in your bank safe deposit box; this is your safeguard if someone says they lost it.
- For the other set, use the public key to load some amount of bitcoin onto each one.
- Cut out each note and then cut each in half, separating the public and private keys. Glue the public key on the outside of a security-lined envelope and put the private key inside the envelope. _Don't get the private keys mixed up!_
- Seal the envelopes and deliver! Recipients can scan/input the public key from the outside of the envelope to check the balance at any time, and when they want to spend they can open the envelope and get the private key.
Note in this I'm suggesting cutting the paper wallets in half; the OP has just covered the private key with some sort of sticker (hopefully removable!). Stickers or coverings are hard to get right since they need to be completely opaque, but still removable. Putting the whole note in a security-lined envelope mitigates some of that, but then the public address is also locked away. The template used at  is designed to be folded over a few times for security; if you prefer that style, you can go to their generator page, and look for the "Secure Download (GitHub ZIP file)" link to get their offline version.
@_date: 2017-12-13 21:37:50
That will depend largely on the companies behind each individual debit card how they will implement it. If they start using Lightning transactions as part of their back-end, their overhead costs will likely drop. But whether that savings trickles down to you is up to them.
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:49:19
Among the medical-focused organizations, I'll stick in a plug for The [Cystic Fibrosis Foundation]( (CFF), who I also recommended in the other charity post.
They gather funds to support research for finding a cure for the ~70,000 individuals struggling with Cystic Fibrosis worldwide.
The Foundation itself has been recognized as one of the few medical-treatment-focused charities that's actually seen new drugs and treatments come to market because of their funding that have significantly extended the lives of those patients they're seeking to help. That's due in large part to the way they've been managing their donation money; most organizations focused on curing a specific medical issue offer bounties in the form of "if you create a cure, we'll give you X dollars", but that places all the risk on the pharmaceutical companies themselves (if they do all the research and come up with nothing, it's their loss). CFF instead does more with "If you are doing active research on a cure for CF, we'll pay you Y dollars/year", which shares the risk with the foundation itself. 
Because of that, the foundation has much more insight into drugs that are in various stages of readiness (not just the drugs that are past clinical trials), and leads to a [pretty full pipeline]( of promising drugs.
In the interest of full disclosure, I do have a bias towards CFF because I have a family member with CF.
@_date: 2017-12-18 22:40:05
Transactions only need to have a $25 fee right now if you want it processed _immediately_. If you're opening a payment channel, you're setting up for a long-term relationship with someone, to pay them multiple times over time. Odds are you don't need it _immediately_.
So, the first few people to set up payment channels pay a $10 or less fee to get them set up. Then those people's future transactions may take place via payment network (Lightning) and reduce the need on the main blockchain. This causes the congestion to go down, and future people who set up future channels (or the original people closing out their channels) pay even less than that in fees to the main blockchain.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:10:17
No, it does not need to be centralize in the same way that Bitcoin does not need to be centralized. Some design choices may slide towards centralization (intentionally or not; like how mining has become relatively centralized), and the community can decide to innovate in the other direction to discourage that. But the fundamental premise of 2nd-layer solutions is not to be centralized.
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:15:57


FTFY. Value of the currency being exchanged isn't a big determining factor for usability; some very large transactions can benefit from being done through payment channels (If making a large purchase, a "down payment" could be put down first by the buyer, then the goods exchanged, then the final amount, which adds more security for whoever goes first in that exchange. Also, if the channel is left open for a short while after, it can be used as an option to return/refund some or all of the cost if an issue arises).
Any payment that is currently done as a one-off payment between parties who will likely never transact again, and does not benefit from being broken down into smaller pieces, and there's no multi-hop payment channels already open that connect those two parties will not benefit from the Lightning Network and would most easily (and cheaply) be done on-chain.
That will likely be a large number of transactions to start with, but the idea is the more the Lightning Network grows, that "there's no multi-hop payment channels already open" clause will catch more transactions, making it cheaper to do as a Lightning Network transaction.
@_date: 2017-12-17 23:33:11
One note; don't "save the page" for offline use. Instead use their ZIP download link at the bottom of the page (and verify its hash for extra verification) to make sure you have a known version.
I [recently wrote up more complete instructions on another thread] ( if you're interested
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:10:50


So, if we internationals wanted to help, aside from outright charity, it sounds like if we can we find those Venezuelans who are offering digital services (logo design? Web design? Digital assistant? Copy writer?), to be a customer/client and give a fair payment for their work, that would be helpful?
Are international exports (postal service) still allowed? Are there Venezuelan craftsmen making goods that could ship intentionally and be paid for with cryptocurrencies?
@_date: 2017-12-17 23:36:32
If the coins are already on Coinbase, you can send them to another Coinbase user (send by email) for free, so that's a nice option if they don't mind a non-physical gift
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:07:25
Bitcoin purchased and held doesn't compound the way standard interest does (0.001 BTC doesn't become 0.0012 BTC just by sitting around). The value of each BTC has been trending upward, but the amount of BTC won't compound, which is an important distinction.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:56:41
That's the bot that was active even before the Changetip bot was activated. Did you create an account on Coinbase as part of getting set up with that bot? 
The Deposit address you don't need to blank out, and even with leaving as much of it exposed as you did, it's easily find-able: [`	1CEbnU8E33U8TzFmHHEa99qSjkqgeY4rSi`]( Having that bit of information does not give someone the right to spend/move/transfer those coins, but it does give them the ability see how many coins you have. Yes, there are 0.004 BTC in that address, worth ~$70 currently.
To gain access to them, you'd need to determine where the private key for them is. Those 0.004 BTC haven't moved since they were sent, so unlikely they're part of Coinbase's deposit addresses (they would have swept them somewhere else in that case). Did that bot give you further instructions on how to withdraw when it initially set you up?
@_date: 2017-12-30 23:30:09
The difference between $1000 and whatever you bought that fraction of a coin is taxable gains. The $500 in cash is yours to use, and the  $500 in new coins is the starting point for determining the tax when you eventually use those coins.
@_date: 2017-12-11 01:40:20
There's an option in the preferences to enable it: under Tools &gt; Preferences &gt; Fees tab, enable "Edit fees manually"
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:04:41
Go to that site, move mouse around until 100% is achieved. Then click "Paper Wallet" to create notes. Click "Print" button to send to printer.
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:20:39
Barring any technology shift to add more decimal points to bitcoins, we'd likely then be at a state where second-layer solutions handle sub-satoshi transactions, and only settle up when a full satoshi changes hands.
We'd need payment channels you could add funds to for that to work, though, since if you'd open a payment channel with 1 satoshi ($5), and buy one coffee for $3, you end up with a channel split $2 to you and $3 to the coffee shop. Unless that shop refunds you, that channel wouldn't go backward. You'd need the ability to drop another satoshi into the channel (now it's $7 you, $3 coffee shop) to buy more coffee. As the Lightning Network works currently, if you tried to alleviate the problem by opening another channel with someone else (a separate $5/$0 channel), and wait for someone to use your coffee shop channel to send $3 back the other way (making your coffee shop channel $5/$0 and your new channel $2/$3). You can then cash out one of the channels, but you're back where you started with a sub-satoshi-split channel.
By the time Bitcoin reaches that sort of valuation, we could be working in a deeply layered situation where miners put coinbase transactions directly into payment channels, and exchanges operate as Lightning Network hubs, and the majority of users operate exclusively at that level (which could easily have more decimal places), in the same way that the Internet today most users know how to connect to their home WiFi, and don't have to deal with DSL protocols or how the "internet backbone" routing works, since they're not connecting directly to any backbone nodes.
@_date: 2018-09-17 20:55:26


That's only four locations for six houses; they had two homes on coasts they already had views of?
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:23:43
Read closely: $0.35 fee processed in "a day or two", versus your claim of $6 "within 24 hours". Yes, getting in under 24 hours is going to be more expensive than getting in under 48 hours.
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:01:50
Yup, this. Especially since the "nine boxes in a square"/"waffle" icon has been getting more use (thanks, Google) as a utility navigation icon, this logo is more likely to be mistaken for something generic ("click here for more options") than something specific ("this item is branded with a particular product").
@_date: 2018-09-21 15:28:54
The "Full Disclosure" [notice]( mentions Bitcoin ABC and Bitcoin Unlimited, so possibly.
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:06:42
Electrum on desktop, Mycelium on Android, and Bread wallet on iOS are all high quality wallets that let you set a custom transaction fee.
@_date: 2017-12-17 23:34:46
When loading them you should be using a very, very low fee. Odds are you're loading them up days before giving them, and if the gift is intended to be saved, it may be years before they're used, so no need for a fast verification time, so no need for a high fee
@_date: 2017-12-06 21:53:50
Even if a merchant turns around and sells the bitcoin for cash, that doesn't prevent them from using payment channels or the Lightning Network. Payment channels can be opened with zero funds added by one party (the merchant). Once the user has paid (switched ownership of the stake of coins in the channel), and any refund options have been passed, then the merchant can cash out. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:17:59
You'd be interested in the [OpenDime project]( they're trying to do exactly that (have a physical item that can be passed from person to person as a physical currency of a particular denomination). It needs to be electronic instead of paper, though, to make absolutely certain that the original creator didn't write down the private key before "spending" (giving) it to someone else.
@_date: 2018-08-01 21:45:11


The payouts for that pool are dependent on the number of "shares" your miner contributed to it. From their Bitcointalk thread:


Possibly your miner's contribution was so small that it was below the "dust" threshold, so the mining pool is holding it, waiting for you to earn a bit more, and then it will pay out a chunk.
@_date: 2014-01-17 12:23:22
Sure; if you're going to be storing dozens of bitcoins there or more, create it as a paper wallet and protect it that way. The blockchain.info API will still be able to see the balance there if you share the public key to your paper wallet and people pay into it.
@_date: 2014-01-17 22:46:20
The canonical Bitcoin client ("bitcoind") is written in C, which is a difficult language to start with. Other supporting libraries have been created in Python and Java; learning any of those would get you started in understanding the open-source libraries/apps Bitcoin users have built.
@_date: 2014-03-04 18:29:46
That is a standard public key format. It's not a standard Bitcoin address format, is that what you mean?
@_date: 2014-01-12 23:26:18
That setup might work if the phone wallet asked for a backup address, and every time it got an input, it created a spending transaction for just that input, and you kept them in a backup. Then if the phone got stolen, you have several transactions to broadcast to recover the funds. But that will sacrifice a bunch to transaction fees. Better to just keep a copy of the private key somewhere other than the phone, to sweep the coins if the phone gets stolen.
Or if the wallet app used the "sequence" number, it could update the total each time it recognized it received funds, with a few month delay relative to the last received input. Then it could be broadcast immediately, and would act like a dead man switch (hopefully the thief didn't crack your password in that time).
@_date: 2014-01-07 22:38:20
Yes indeed!
@_date: 2014-03-08 03:27:16


How about 1337-speek versions of the words? And 3-letter words with a digit appended/prepended?


I'd add a comma to that set (international decimal separator), and maybe a 'u' and 'µ' (micro-btc as an option?) to make a complete "password is the number of bitcoins in the wallet" set.
Good luck!
@_date: 2015-06-22 11:32:23
So, you have room for a few more requests? Is the request process still add laid out in the original post? Would you consider projects working on derivative technologies (BitMessage or NameCoin)?
@_date: 2018-08-30 17:47:47
So, does it actually have any crypto-related interactivity to it or just showing the logo (serving as a beacon for birds-of-a-feather meetups)?
@_date: 2014-02-04 18:37:09
You're close; just missing one key detail. Your address is simply another way too express your public key; it does not contain your private key. The public key is derived from the private key. So if you give a wallet service your private key, they can calculate your public key (and therefore your address) from that with no extra data needed. You cannot derive a private key from a public key, so if you only give a service your public key, they can only derive your address from that (usually termed a "watch address")
@_date: 2014-09-12 18:28:04


That statement is true regardless of HTTP or HTTPS. Securely connecting to an untrusted host is the same as insecurely connecting to an untrusted host. In this case, since is new to this field, even if I know (via HTTPS certificate) that I'm connecting to the real robbdiggs, I don't have any assurance that every request he sends different scripts down, and would have to check the content each time. So HTTPS doesn't matter in this context.
@_date: 2014-01-15 15:23:02
Oh, so Bob's not storing the "P" values; he's just trying every single "stealth-encoded" transaction to see if it's for him. So he indeed has to store less, but the overhead then moves to scanning the blockchain and finding those transactions. 
I think the thin client Bloom filter logic then will have to be extended then to flag "I use stealth addresses" to tell peers to send all "stealth-encoded" transactions to it, even if they don't match the Bloom filter the thin client advertises.
@_date: 2014-08-11 17:51:25
The "compressed" format is a way of expressing the X,Y coordinates of the public key in a shortened manner. Since eliptic curves are symmetrical, you only need to know which "side" of the curve you're on, which can be expressed as a single bit (zero or one, for even or odd Y-value). 
An "uncompressed" public key spells out the X and Y coordinates explicitly, leading to a slightly longer (usually) Bitcoin public address string.
@_date: 2014-03-04 12:22:28
That's true, that could be an issue. What format are the keys transmitted to the server in when they're first generated (assuming they can be generated offline and then transmitted to the server to "register" them as new keys)? Some secured or hashed format?
EDIT: Looking at their API, this isn't an issue; when setting up the account, you only give public keys of your keys, so you could generate private keys offline, record them on paper, calculate the public key offline and take that public key to an internet-connected computer and set up the account. When you want to spend, you request the send, and the server gives you a transaction message to sign with one of your keys, which you can take to an offline computer and sign, and then bring back to push back to the server.
@_date: 2014-01-16 17:43:57




As pointed out, querying the balance of an address doesn't require authentication to the API; so no need to create a separate account on Blockchain.info just to query an address balance.
@_date: 2014-01-17 22:50:31
The code is open-source, so anyone can modify, but if you modify your own client to use different logic than everyone else, you'll reject their messages, and they'll reject yours. You'll essentially create a separate network and blockchain, which is what all the altcoins are. The site [CoinGen.io]( even makes it quite easy to spin off your own modified version of the Bitcoin source to start your own logical chain. The issue is, unless you can convince the majority of people in the network to use your logic, the new logic won't be accepted, and will become a separate entity.
@_date: 2014-01-07 22:40:21
No transaction needed; this has nothing to do with transactions/blockchain and everything to do with addresses/keys. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 14:17:34
I believe this will still work with thin clients in general, since the guidelines for the Bloom filter that thin clients advertise say that sending nodes to the thin client should send transactions if any hash in the transaction or script matches the filter. So thin clients have to just add the payer's public key ("P" in [this diagram]( to the Bloom filter, which will make other nodes help it fulfill step  of scanning for that identifier in the blockchain.
EDIT: Oh no, you're correct. In the proposal, "P" is not communicated to the payee in any way; the payee is expected to be scanning all transactions for any stealth-encoded ones and attempting to decode all of them. So thin clients either need to receive "P" from their payers out-of-band, or the thin client protocol needs to be extended to flag "I use stealth addresses" so other nodes send all stealth-encoded transactions their way, even if they don't match the bloom filter.
@_date: 2014-01-28 12:40:36
That really doesn't look like it would roll fair; the circular digit pads aren't evenly distributed around the die. Look at how much space is to the left of the "A" pad in the photo, versus to the right of the "A" (toward the "6").
There's a few of those larger, curved areas on the die, and while the die won't settle on that curve, it gives the numbers around that curve a bias, since on that section of the curve, it's pretty likely the die would settle toward that digit. 1, 3, 5, B and E are touching two of those curves, so I bet they will come up more often, and 4 and 2 are not touching any, so the die would have to land pretty exactly on them to roll them, so they'll come up less often.
@_date: 2014-09-16 18:18:43


In that sort of merchant situation, POS devices (credit card swipe machines) already solve this problem by making it the merchant's problem. The merchant (who is likely more permanently in that place) has to get a network connection, which then customers can use to make purchases (you as a MasterCard holder are not expected to have to call MasterCard yourself when you want to make a transaction). That could hold true for accepting a Bitcoin transaction; customer creates a signed transaction, and hands that over to the merchant to broadcast and verify.
So, I see that working quite easily for a Merchant-Customer exchange, but for "two people who are both offline", not so well.
@_date: 2014-01-15 14:40:36
So, as it is now, if Bob wants to receive payments from Alice and Tom, and send payments to each of them, but not let anyone know he's receiving from them, Bob creates two addresses and shares one with Alice and one with Tom. Alice pays to her address, and Tom to his. Alice and Tom do the same. The overhead is Bob needs to maintain a list of private keys as long as the number of payers he has, and public keys as long as the number of payees he has (2 private, 2 public, in this example).
With this proposal, if Bob wants to receive payments from Alice and Tom, he needs his own identifier address (Q), and Alice and Tom need to tell Bob somehow what their "P" for Bob is, and Bob needs to store that (to scan the blockchain for). And Alice and Tom do the same. Overhead is Bob needs his own private identifier, and public identifiers from each of his payers (1 private, 2 public, in this example). 
So the benefit is that "1 private" in the new method will always be 1, regardless of how large the payers set grows, so you've shrunk the number of keys you need to store by almost half, right? But, you've moved the onus to the payer to tell you you got paid, rather than just watching your known address for the person come in. That right?
@_date: 2014-08-26 19:51:46
Downvote with no comment? I'm genuinely curious; are these to be considered "physical bitcoins" if you (intentionally) can't ever redeem them? It's a sociology/psychology question; what do they mean to you, do they "store" the value of the Bitcoin, or not?
@_date: 2014-01-07 22:25:28
I agree that the answer to  is "NO"; when you Buy Bitcoin from Coinbase, the Bitcoins end up in your Coinbase wallet, not your personal wallet on your computer.
After you have bought, you may then request a withdrawal/payment to any other Bitcoin address, but that's a separate action apart from Buying.
@_date: 2014-02-13 03:26:54
Already shared earlier today 
@_date: 2014-09-11 19:28:15


If you can prove (via separating the scripts) that the core "tech" of your site is identical (MD5 hashes match) the source of a given version of the bitaddress.org scripts, that would be a good starting point. Then you can point to their reputation for a particular version of their code and keep your (only CSS/HTML updates) separate to prove that all you're doing is modifying the style and not the core logic of the thing. No one needs to "trust" CSS, so your only need is to pull out the javascript and prove you didn't change any of it to make it malignant.
@_date: 2014-03-03 19:59:30
I've signed up for the service, and once I log in I can browse the Experian report, but the final page/tab is blank with a call to purchase the upgrade. They call it the "Experian PLUS Score®", so not sure if it's an official FICO score, though.
@_date: 2014-09-16 18:12:46
[NameCheap]( You can fund your account with Bitcoin; gives you a credit on your account you can then use to pay off invoices.
@_date: 2014-01-07 22:35:08
Paper can be destroyed by the elements, but it's also cheap enough to make multiple.
Buy waterproof paper or use heavy cardstock and a laser printer to make it bleed-resistant, laminate it to make it even more water-resistant and rip-resistant, and then make one for your own fire-proof safe, one for your close friend/relative, and one for your safe deposit box.
@_date: 2014-01-16 17:39:19


Do you mean keeping track of their Bitcoin addresses? Coinbase doesn't have an addressbook, but the Blockchain.info wallet service does (if you want to move there), and Bitcoin-qt does too; that will keep track of their addresses more easily.
Additionally, the blockchain.info wallet service allows scanning a QR code from an attached webcam, so even if your friends change addresses frequently, you can just scan their new address without having to type it in.
@_date: 2014-01-15 14:25:12
10k transactions is quite high; VISA only processes 2k transactions a second for all its credit card transactions around the world. But still, Bitcoin would have issues getting even to the 2k transactions/second level, causing issues on a more fundamental level before worrying about how Stealth Address lookups would perform. The Bitcoin wiki article on [scalability]( has more information on those issues.
@_date: 2014-10-09 13:42:56
This thing looks like a great "all cards in one" option, though I'd be slightly concerned about the "swipe to the card you want, then hand it to the cashier" interface, since what then prevents the cashier from swiping to a different card (possibly accidentally, if they don't know this thing is touch-sensitive) to do the transaction? I'm hoping the final version will have some sort of "lock on this card" option to prevent that.
Also for in a restaurant-type setting, where you hand the server your card and they go somewhere else to process it; if they can swipe through your cards once you hand it to them, they could write down ALL your credit card numbers while in the back. Also, if the place they go to process it is too far away, might it trigger the "Oops, you left me behind" security lock of the card?
I'm guessing these sort of UI issues will be worked out, but the base premise of a smart, swipable, customizable card I'm really excited to see become a reality! 
@_date: 2014-02-11 14:27:15
Sadly, I left Fiverr due to their really restrictive TOS; hopefully some of the other microlancing sites will followand offer Bitcoin payments! 
@_date: 2014-01-15 14:49:07
BIP38-encoded? So how does goddaughter learn what the passphrase is if you've passed away by the time she finds it?
@_date: 2014-01-19 12:41:58
Good PSA, but the OP was asking about paper wallets, not brain wallets.
@_date: 2014-03-04 12:13:17
Interesting idea, but I'm not sure how it will work out in practice: 


But each and every time you get a withdrawal notification "spam" message, you have to go in and cancel it, or you will lose your money.
Say I have a key on my laptop and a key on my phone. Eve steals my phone, so now has constant access to one of my keys. Eve tries to withdraw my coins, but I get a message on my laptop and cancel the transaction. I try to withdraw the coins to a new, uncompromised account, but Eve gets that text message notification on my phone and cancels my transaction! Now it just becomes a race; Eve creates a script to generate hundreds of withdrawals (for fractions of a bitcoin each) each day, and I spend the rest of my life clicking cancellation notices.
Now, there's other ways out of that loop (I could cancel my cell phone service, so Eve doesn't get the texts anymore, or hopefully remote-lock my phone), but if Eve has transferred my key to another device of hers, could she still keep canceling my withdraw attempts?
@_date: 2014-08-11 17:54:19
bitaddress.org always uses the "uncompressed" format for the public address. This graphical visualizer uses the "compressed" format. Try comparing it to brainwallet.org, which has a toggle for [un]compressed. If you leave it "uncompressed", it matches bitaddress.org. If you toggle it to "compressed", it matches the royal fork one.
@_date: 2014-10-15 14:26:25


Agreed. I also chimed in [on the mailing list]( when this change from "encoding" to "custom one-way seed derivation" was made, in favor of keeping it just an encoding.
I wonder if there should be a new proposal/standard/BIP for "bi-directional encoding of raw binary data as a word phrase" (to work alongside base58-encoding) that TREZOR, Electrum, [coinpunk]( and any others can use as their basis (so they can more accurately claim to be "mnemonic-compliant", rather than "BIP39-compliant")?
BIP39 lays it out that the mnemonic string is an encoding of a set of random data, it's just that that random data is not the seed used for the wallet address derivations.
In addition to the "forcing you to always give out the master key for the whole wallet" issue, it also prevents converting an existing deterministic wallet seed and turning it into a BIP39 mnemonic string (since hashing the sentence is a one-way operation). So, you could turn a TREZOR (BIP39) mnemonic string into an Electrum seed if you wanted to move your coins there, but you couldn't take an existing Electrum seed and turn it into a BIP39 string.
@_date: 2014-10-09 13:35:13
And with an e-ink screen, they can do bar codes from loyalty cards, so could probably do QR codes for Bitcoin addresses as well
@_date: 2014-09-23 13:14:11
Looks like a great concept; linking together Twitter and Github (which the social userspace is relatively familiar with) with GPG (which general users still aren't), plus Bitcoin!
@_date: 2014-01-16 17:45:22


A Javascript AJAX request can easily grab the data at either of those URLs; no need to delve into more complexities like transitioning it to PHP unless you're itching to learn how.
@_date: 2014-08-08 16:26:03


In the current US corporate world, that may be the case (I'm in that world). But if you develop for cryptocurrencies, you learn hard and fast to be paranoid about security. If your code isn't open sourced and scrutinized by several developers to make sure there's no back-doors, users can't put a lot of faith in it.
@_date: 2014-05-16 14:50:40


Since 0.9.0. That version added the ability for small amounts of data (80 bytes or less) after an `OP_RETURN` command to be considered a standard transaction type
@_date: 2014-01-19 12:41:04
No, brain wallets are something different 
@_date: 2014-01-07 22:21:34
Bitcoin uses public/private key pairs, which do away with "passwords" in favor of "signing a message". Most commonly, a Bitcoin private key signs a message that's structured as a transaction to send the coins elsewhere. But you can sign any message with your address' private key (newer clients have added the UI control to "sign message"), and the recipient, given the message and your public key and your signature, can prove that you signed that message with that key.
So in that way, you can do site authentication thusly:
To register, tell the site your public address.
To login, the site picks a message like "I am user XYZ at IP 1.2.3.4 and I am logging in to site ABC at timestamp XYZ" and tells you to sign it. You sign it and give the signature and public key to the site, and they can verify it to log you in then.
The message to be signed to login should have a timestamp and site name in it, so an attacker can't intercept the signature and replay the signature (site should reject even a properly-signed message that's too old or from a non-matching IP).
There's a few papers on that idea, if you google around for them.
GnuPG/PGP has been around for a while to provide public/private signing to verify identities; Bitcoin might just be the thing to get this sort of security into more common use, which would be much better for security.
@_date: 2014-02-13 03:28:55
They could just be watching the blockchain; you moved funds to another address, so they knew the receiving address existed, and possibly targeted it because of that.
@_date: 2014-11-19 12:47:26
Then what are you actually skeptical of? Not that the store accepts Bitcoin, apparently. Skeptical that its actually possible to use Bitcoins like that to pay for something in another country?
@_date: 2014-10-06 17:19:08
I sent the envelopes already sealed (inside an outer envelope addressed to the helper), and they arrived still sealed, so I don't suspect any extra tomfoolery happened there. Though maybe I should run them by a bug detector to make sure...
@_date: 2014-02-21 12:52:21
It sounds like you're mixing two terms; you say "hash validation" and then talk about a "signature"; those are two separate things:
A block or a transaction has a "hash", which is the object passed through a hashing function (SHA256, twice, for Bitcoin). No public/private key needed. The only relevance it has is the block's hash must be less than the difficulty threshold to be valid. (Transaction hashes can change, due to malleability, which has been discussed a lot in the last few weeks).
A signature is a separate process that uses Elliptic Curve (EC) cryptography to prove you sent a message. So you ask "Why is it not possible to forge a signature with a public address?" Because of multiplication: In EC math, the big numbers being dealt with are actually (x,y) points on a curve. In Bitcoin, we all share one "generator point" (named "G", usually). A private key ("k")is a really big integer you multiply G by, to get another (x,y) point on the curve. Unlike normal math, where multiplication can be reversed ( G * k == k * G ), that's not true for EC multiplication. You can think of it as a hashing function. So, G*k = K, where "K" is your public key, which is really an (x,y) point on the curve. The math function needed to generate a Signature of some object requires the private key to generate, and then you share the public key and the resulting signature number. Because you can't reverse multiplication in EC math, knowing the public key doesn't help an attacker reverse-engineer a private key.
That's a lot of math, but you said you wanted to understand the root; does that help? If you want more on signature creation and security, search for ECDSA (Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm), which is the generic term for the action that Bitcoin uses.
@_date: 2014-03-04 12:17:36


So you're tech-savvy enough to own bitcoins, but you only get your email on one device? No webmail or POP3/IMAP from another device? Or did the attacker strike while you were in the middle of a tech-free vacation to the savannah?
For that last case, it would be nice to activate a "vacation mode", where coins are un-spendable until after a certain time.
@_date: 2014-01-16 17:24:53


So, you need to leave your browser window open for the bot to run constantly? That's the only way I can imagine the bot would have access to the API key when it needs it, if it's not storing it in plaintext somewhere; it must be in memory, running in the browser? If it's being passed to some process being forked to run in the background to do the trades, how is the API key passed? In such a way that it could be seen as an argument on a running process in a system diagnostic tool?
@_date: 2014-09-11 19:24:20


That's why the authors of the real bitaddress.org PGP-sign each version that they release: 
You can download the source, and check the hash yourself against the verifiable version history message they sign. Then you can be certain there's no further modifications to the code you were expecting.
@_date: 2014-10-09 13:39:08
This card is effectively a bluetooth accessory for a smart phone; it looks like it will need a smart phone nearby to sync with (I'm guessing the "oops, you left me behind" feature is triggered by it leaving Bluetooth radius of the phone, so it needs to always be within range of it's "master" phone in order to do a payment?), which covers the areas a smart phone lacks (lower power consumption, and being able to fit in a thin card-chip reader), so I think a tandem system like this is a realistic next step toward the future, until more short-range wireless (NFC/RFID) options become more widely-adopted.
@_date: 2014-07-11 21:42:00
I saw the price blip on bitcoinwisdom.com and went to go login; I can login just fine now and my account balance seems to be in order.
I wonder if someone was planning to make a large purchase, so transferred a lot of USD to the site, and then when entering the buy order, entered their total USD limit rather than per/BTC limit accidentally (intending "I want to buy 10,000 BTC, spending no more than $10,000" but instead entering "I want to buy 10,000 BTC, paying no more than $10,000 each")
The ASK [order book]( on CampBX looks rather thin, with a few speculators with really high ASKs on the book, so a fat-finger trade like that would sweep them all (assuming the buyer had USD to cover it).
@_date: 2014-01-16 17:48:10
"Identifier address" or "Identity address", since it's being directly bound to your identity as a receiving address. Or "Seed address" since more addresses are derived from it?
@_date: 2014-08-21 16:54:05


So... you're effectively burning the coins? Since once Bitcoin is paid into these "coins", it can never be removed? If you have to heat up the piece to 500 degrees to melt off the screw seals, will that destroy the medium the private key is printed with (you mention it's clear-coated, but it's still paper that the private keys are printed on)?
So, what's the point of having the private keys there at all? Why not just generate a random public key, engrave that on a "coin" and send funds to it? Does this "coin" then (psychologically) have the value of the bitcoins "burned in its name"?
@_date: 2014-02-11 18:50:39
They require you to use their messaging system exclusively (no sharing contact information, directly or indirectly), and can't mention other services you offer outside the Fiverr system. For me asking development services there, I hoped to use it as a way to meet new clients; do one job for a Fiverr, and maybe they'll then want to hire me for a bigger project. That worked, people did want to pay for bigger projects, but the TOS wouldn't allow that, and their "upgrade" system wasn't flexible enough to handle it. If all you want to do is dozens and dozens of five dollar jobs it would work well. But not as a way to interact with any other freelancing thing you might have going.
@_date: 2014-01-29 04:06:08
For a fair 16-sided die, instead of a "capped sphere", you might want to try shaping it as a "[barrel die]( or "bipyramid" (two octagonal-based pyramids fused at their bases) shape
@_date: 2015-05-01 14:45:05


Correct for Bitcoin, incorrect for "a blockchain"/ledger in general. The ledger is comprised of transactions. The Bitcoin protocol defines that a transaction is one Bitcoin address sending balance to another Bitcoin address. Other uses of a blockchain could define a transaction as something completely different. Namecoin defines another breed of transaction that is "store this data in this location", and allows for both "move this currency value between to addresses" and the "store this data in this location" transactions to be included in blocks of data in the blockchain/ledger
@_date: 2014-09-11 19:20:16
Moot point; nothing's being generated server-side. All the bitaddress.com logic is client-side Javascript, which is open-source (hence why a fork like this can exist). So HTTPS transmission of the script/HTML source code is additional security in the wrong place to actually do anything to make the process any more secure.
@_date: 2014-10-09 13:48:20
Right; while driving around, I've also got my credit cards in my pocket, which could be used to pull a cash advance (probably using my CC's mobile app, so I could do it while in my car, deposited to my checking account), but that doesn't mean I have that cash (fiat) *with* me, the same as you can't convert your paper wallet of Bitcoin into fiat while in the car (unless you convinced a localbitcoins.com vendor to come to you in your car).
@_date: 2015-05-01 14:12:22
Because it's a power of two (which makes dividing up powers-of-two-length private keys easier), and there's enough memorable words to make the first four letters of each word unique, I believe.
@_date: 2014-01-07 22:30:32
Mining Bitcoin with Amazon EC2 instances is very unprofitable; you're better off spending your money at an exchange to buy them outright. If you're mining some altcoin (like doge), you'll get more coins, but the value of those coins will likely be so low it's unprofitable there too.
The last time I ran tests on Amazon "Cluster GPU" instances (cg1.4xlarge), they got around a total of 154 MH/s, running on both GPUs and CPU. Run that hash rate through a mining calculator for whatever altcoin you're aiming for, and see if it's worth the hourly $2.10.
@_date: 2015-05-01 14:08:56
Ah yes, I was wondering why that was so low:
2048^24 = [29 quinvigintillion (80 digits long)]( possibilities
25,000^3 = [15 trillion (14 digits long)]( possibilities
So, to get the same coverage with a 25,000 wordlist, you'd need 19 words rather then 24. Not a whole lot of savings there...
Which also makes me realize What3Words must be rounding something; they say their 25,000^3 (15 trillion) is less than the 57 trillion squares they say they cover...  They'd need a 39,000-word list for that?
@_date: 2014-01-18 14:34:32
Ah, true.
@_date: 2017-02-03 21:35:31
Nice! Are all the pink bits floating in 'space' unconfirmed transactions? Oh great, I'm going to go prune the mempool _with a bow and arrow_!
@_date: 2015-05-01 13:33:19
BIP39 proposed making a private key easier to understand by humans by using 12 or 24 words of a 2048-word list (2048^24 = 29 quinvigintillion) possibilities.
What3Words seems like a similar initiative to use 3 words from a 25,000-word list to cover 57 trillion chunks of the earth.
It seems both projects are trying to do the same thing; which do you prefer (and find more memorable and easier to use)? Fewer words from a larger list (what3words-style), or more words from a shorter list (BIP 39-style)?
EDIT: Maths....
@_date: 2017-03-21 18:33:16


Oh, so the format allows for longer identifiers, but Bitcoin at this point wouldn't use that much. So, to compare apples to apples, it would be going from a ~33-character identifier to a 42-character identifier. That's better, and I agree then there is a time-savings in not needing to say upper/lower for all the letters.


That's good!


Good to know; I think this is a key downside to any scheme that makes the identifiers longer. Human nature means most people will not check the address character-by-character unless it's easy to do, or if it's a large sum of money being transferred.
So, this scheme sounds good for allowing for future expansion, and better machine-parsing of the addresses, but it comes with added burden on application developers to make more room for addresses, and its slightly easier for attackers to social-engineer a fake address, since the address is longer.
@_date: 2014-03-03 19:12:58
It appears to alert you if something suspicious happens, and it gives you your Experian credit report with data like Credit Inquiries and Public Records, but your actual Credit Score is omitted unless you pay an extra $3.95. Equifax and Transunion reports are also available for an additional fee.
@_date: 2017-03-21 17:17:02


Ouch! Here's where I get hung up on; this proposal focuses on making it easier to **say** the address values (you don't have to specify "capital 'a'", you can just say "a"), but going from ~33 characters to 90? That's more than double the length, which would be harder for displaying onscreen (in a non-QR format, you need even more horizontal, non-breaking space to display it), and completely wipes the time-saving benefit in not needing to say "capital" by needing to dictate many more characters.
So, are the benefits of error-correcting worth the extra length when not in QR-form? And machines error-correcting is one thing; what about human error-correcting? An attacker currently can create vanity addresses that look somewhat similar to other addresses and have just the first three and last three characters be identical without too much difficulty. This proposal has the final six characters as a checksum; how hard would it be to brute-force a "vanity address" that had the same checksum digits as another address?
I've also been thinking about how to improve identifiers in general, and instead went down the route BIP389 almost went down: using words as a high-radix number system to represent the real value being represented. The higher the radix being used, the less words/units/things you need to dictate to someone to transmit it, and the less things you as a human have to compare between two identifiers to make sure they're the same. (more on the random idea I ended up on [over here]( So, I worry that this solution is too machine-parsing-focused, and neglects the human frailties of **not actually doing the work of verifying every single character** in an address is the same before sending funds to it.
@_date: 2017-03-21 17:03:28
The visual base58 or your proposed base32 representation is not used, but in the current Bitcoin addressing scheme, the 160-bit address hash is used as the pay-to label. Wouldn't this change require using the full 256-bit address as the pay-to part of the transaction script?
The full public key is used as part of the proof to spend the inputs for a transaction, so that wouldn't change.
@_date: 2017-03-21 17:20:38
Actually, I had that idea recently too: Here's my musings on using Emojii [as a base-1024 numbering system]( 








@_date: 2019-03-23 14:20:06
If someone owed me a debt and paid me in it, I agree that would be rude. But the OP had clarified they have a tip in cash, and the crypto was a bonus on top.
So a different analogy would be a gift card to a store you've never heard of. If someone offered you a $10 gift card to a coffee shop you've never heard of, would you take it? Is it worth taking the time to look up where the shop is and spending it there? If you want to use it, _have to_ spend it there. But I'd say someone offering a gift card like that isn't rude, would you?
@_date: 2019-03-24 13:42:44


Umm, Bitcoins are even easier to divide; they have 1/100,000,000th fractions called a satoshi.
@_date: 2019-03-23 13:31:15


And how are they going to know whether they're in the "this would be useful to me" or not category? They have to learn about it, at least at some basic level. Yes, not everyone needs to know about how the blockchain ledger works on a technical level, but a basic understanding of how to acquire it and how to spend it would be useful for a wide range of people.
Why? People need to be educated on a topic because some asshole decoded they need to be educated on it if they want a shitty tip?


And I want aware of the Belly store rewards system (didn't affect me) until the first time I went into a store and saw a Belly kiosk there. Then I looked up more info on it (educated myself), found out several stores near me were using it, and so signed up. Just because it "didn't affect me" before that first store said I needed to sign up if I wanted to join their rewards program, doesn't mean it was a bad thing to learn about it.
@_date: 2019-03-23 13:39:47
Though possibly SOMEONE at that store would be interested in it, and would take their portion of the shared tip in BTC (receiving less cash than the others), using up the whole paper wallet, and then having no need to cash it out.
@_date: 2019-03-23 13:48:49


Use Bitrefill or Gyft to exchange the BTC for store credit at the place that doesn't accept BTC directly.
@_date: 2019-11-10 15:12:39
Yes, most wallets just create a new private key randomly (which is good; that's the most secure), but there are some tools (e.g. vanitygen) that let you input a search term, and they'll generate private keys over and over again (randomly; brute-forcing) until it gets a public key that matches your search term. They've gotten less popular since the rise of HD wallets, but they were quite prevalent a few years ago. I generated `1MdniTEev3nr6hVPetFT4VT3iUGF9PN4r9` back then, to match my username.
@_date: 2019-03-23 13:46:27
No, read carefully: OP tipped in cash, and then gave _more_ on top of that in BTC. So, the store got tipped (cash) and if they wanted to go the extra mile (learn the basics of BTC, enough to get a mobile wallet and sweep the paper wallet), there's an _extra_ $10 prize they could claim for their efforts.
@_date: 2019-03-23 14:31:46
Oop, sorry, I'm more familiar with options in my own country.
The "extra step" is self-imposed, though. You're saying "I want to spend it at a place they don't accept it". Rather than saying simply "you can't", if you really want to spend it there, you can, if you do an extra step to convert it.
@_date: 2019-03-23 13:27:44


If you drop a physical one dollar bill in there, that's not easy to split 12 ways either. You can't physically rip the bill into 12 pieces, so you go deposit it in a bank and then transfer/withdraw the 12 shares.
Same thing with BTC; someone would sweep the paper wallet (depositing it initial their account/wallet) and then transfer out the 12 shares.
@_date: 2019-11-10 15:43:18
Yes, for most blockchains, transactions are public. But I think the key difficulty for governments is lack of investigative tooling (the crypto tech is growing faster than their investigative tools; tracking one person's assets might be possible, but keeping track of millions of people's transactions is much harder when there's a lot of manual work/judgment calls for each), and plausible deniability (tumblers/mixers and "boating accidents").
@_date: 2017-08-09 23:25:21




No. The blockchain/ledger is an ever growing record of ownership ("this coin was minted on this date and given to A, who gave it to B, who gave it to C..."). That's what's "agreed upon" in the ledger. The consensus reached by all the nodes in the Bitcoin network is who has possession of which coins when.
The reason the things being passed around have value is that in the real world, the _reason_ A gave it to  B was negotiated. Being "just a line in a ledger" is the most minimal useful value. It also is a global ledger (people who deal internationally like that), that cannot be censored (oppressed people like that), that cannot be forged (corporations like that), etc. Those additional perks make that "line in a ledger" worth more to the people doing the transacting. So, it's not the "value of value itself"; there are tangible benefits that people are valuing, which persist long after the transaction is complete.
@_date: 2017-08-15 02:21:59
I've been thinking of getting a Bitcoin credit/debit card like this to do more day-to-day purchases (and re-buy bitcoin to replace what I spend). I've used Gyft before to buy gift cards with bitcoin and use them in-store, but there's limited vendors there (and not all the vendors on Gyft accept bitcoin payments, like Ebay). I see this OP's got a Bitpay card, and I saw [this story]( of using [Shakepay]( Any other bitcoin-to-credit/debit cards out there people have had good experience with in the US?
@_date: 2019-11-04 22:54:24
If you sell your Robinhood holdings (and receive USD), and use that USD to buy Bitcoin (that you actually have custody of), the only USD-to-BTC price fluctuation you're susceptible to is the length of time the funds are in USD form. If you prepare in advance and minimize the time between the sell and the buy, the amount of BTC you hold would change very little from beginning to end.
@_date: 2017-08-17 22:45:08
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:28:39
The Ledger wallet software creates a tree/listing of public addresses for you based on your secret key phrase (Hierarchical Deterministic (HD) Wallet format). However, the traditional format of those public addresses is a plain public key. Segwit transactions need to originate from an address that's a slightly different format. So what Ledger has done here is create a new "branch" of your tree of addresses for Segwit-formatted Bitcoin addresses (same as you have a "branch" of addresses for Ether or Dash off your one Ledger secret key).
The UI of the wallet keeps them separate; you have to pick when you start up which "branch" you want to be looking at.
@_date: 2017-08-30 20:36:46
Do note that the Y-axis is a logarithmic scale.
can you do a version with a non-log scale to show the exponential growth?
@_date: 2017-01-16 22:27:39
You have landed on one of the pain points of micro-transactions, and that's one of the things the Lightning network concept is trying to solve. But needing to pay a higher fee to move it now doesn't equate to a lesser value *unless you're giving away the private key*.
If Mr. X and Mr. Y are selling their one whole Bitcoin and will be **sending it to the buyer's wallet**, it doesn't matter to the buyer how it arrived; on the buyer's end it's one input that's one whole Bitcoin.
If Mr. X and Mr. Y are selling their one whole Bitcoin by **turning over ownership of their wallet** (meaning, giving the private key to the buyer and leaving the one whole Bitcoin as-is; maybe they're each selling a paper wallet). Now it does matter to the buyer, if they're wanting to spend the Bitcoin on a big purchase, since then they'd have more fees spending off Mr. X's paper wallet. But if the buyer is only going to be buying their daily coffee with the funds, both paper wallets are relatively equal in value, as it's okay that Mr. X's is fragmented, since it will get fragmented anyway to make small purchases.
@_date: 2017-08-10 20:59:03
Probably nothing you can just `apt-get install` as a package in its own right, but if you're okay doing `apt-get install node npm`, there's probably many options for small utility scripts you can `npm install -g`.
@_date: 2016-06-21 17:08:29
CTRL-V? What are you pasting now?
@_date: 2017-08-14 01:10:05
In the US that still triggers a capital gains tax
@_date: 2017-08-29 12:42:16
Off chain micro transactions have more precision than the main chain. Open a payment channel with the hospital with a Satoshi in it. Once your bill collects enough to be a whole Satoshi, you settle on-chain.
@_date: 2017-01-17 06:54:59
1 BTC does always equal 1 BTC. You can always spend your full 1 BTC, it's just a question as to what you're spending it on (the actual transaction amount, or the fees). So, it would be more accurate to say "1 BTC does not always equal 1 BTC of spending power".
It may seem a bit mystical currently how you can tell when you don't really have the liquid assets to make that purchase with BTC, but I think some of that can be attributed to it being a new currency and you don't have the "reflexes" for it yet. Using fiat here in the US, I've grown used to a sales tax, so if I have a $20 bill in my pocket, I know I can't actually purchase something that's got a $19.99 tag on it, since the sales tax will put it over. And if you live close to a state line, where the sales tax is less on certain items on the other side, my $20 can buy more over there (though still not exactly $20; "$20 does not always equal $20 !!")
@_date: 2017-08-28 12:03:31
The key concerns are only partially about the increased block size cap. Yes that particular feature will possibly happen down the road in Core's development.
The other major concerns are:
- **The quality of the code of the implementations of the "2X" clients:** even if they say they're adding features to make transactions faster and cost less, it doesn't help if there's bugs in the code that cause people to lose all their funds
- **The speed of which it's being called for:** overkill for people to have to upgrade client nodes again after the segwit upgrade
- **The increased cost to node operators:** having larger blocks means needing to have a larger internet bandwidth to move those blocks around. The storage size of those blocks on hard disk is relatively manageable, but maintaining peer-to-peer connections with multi-megabyte blocks on a slower connection is infeasible. So, they'll either need to upgrade internet plans (if possible in their area), or full-node runners will become more and more centralized into big businesses that can afford data-center-quality connections and storage
- **Lack of replay protection:** the developers of the "2X" proposals know they're creating a choice for uses by creating a separate client, but by not including replay protection in their client, they're indicating they wish to trick other users into falling into their chain too
- **Attempting to claim the "Bitcoin" brand:** dictating that the brand's name should follow them, rather than waiting for the market to decide that. Also leads to forced confusion in discussing the change/split/fork; honest users who want to switch or to remain and need help telling how to do that now have to get past the vocabulary of both sides calling themselves "bitcoin" to figure out how to transact with the group they want.
- **Hashrate dictating policy:** The "2X" teams claim they've got the backing of "the community" because they have "80% of the hash rate" (according to the New York Agreement). While they do have agreement from the miners (providing the hash rate), miners are a small sub-section of the whole Bitcoin community. The User-activated Soft Fork (UASF) recently was a stand by the community of non-miners to show the strength of their vote (in that case to activate the Segwit feature). Those who feel that philosophically the sub-group of community users who are the miners shouldn't dictate the policy of the whole community oppose "2X" claiming they have a mandate because they have 80% of the hash rate agreeing with them.
Those individual issues will be more or less important to different users, but having such a variety of concerns means there's lots of users who are passionate about each of these individual concerns who are all opposed to the "2X" fork.
Any one of those issues "isn't that bad"; and in posing your question, OP, you only indicate one of the issues (increasing blocksize). Yes, that one part of it isn't _that_ bad, but you can't look at that issue in isolation; the 2X group wants the community to swallow _all_ of the above as one package. And that's why there's a lot of push-back on it.
@_date: 2017-08-09 23:31:40
Instead of simply moving the decimal place to make numbers more legible, we simply need a better convention for showing really small fractions. Yes, it's hard to figure out how many zeroes are in 0.000003 when it's presented that way. When it's shown as 0.000'003 or as 0.000,003, it's a lot easier. We use commas for separating zeroes in large numbers (e.g. 300,000; same number of zeroes as your example); I think a lot of the problem can be helped by better fraction-display means.
@_date: 2018-10-22 17:20:25


Simulated. This is not a real thing. At least not yet.
@_date: 2017-01-17 21:04:23
But that could be *any* Google sheet; you cropped out the URL with the sheet identifier, so it's probably some benign sheet you created to lend credibility to your coin-stealing sheet!!!
Okay, tinfoil hat off: There is some wisdom in making sure you trust the person you're dealing with when in the world of Bitcoin, since part of "being the bank" is you need to do your own trust verification. One thing you could do to lend some faith to your claim is to  use your Bitcoin address to sign your work. In Google Drive, go File &gt; Download As &gt; Excel, and sign that file (using some tool like [this one]( or calculating the file's hash yourself) using your Bitcoin address, so it's your good name on the line if someone finds a malignant bit of addon code in your work, which others can (at least marginally) trust.
@_date: 2017-08-30 11:47:31
C'mon Ledger; when are you going to be back in stock in the US!? Been delaying until that shipping cost comes down...
@_date: 2017-08-01 14:00:35
@_date: 2017-08-20 20:19:06
Layer 2 solutions don't need much built into the fundamental Bitcoin layer; they just need enough hooks and capabilities to provide trust in a decentralized way, rather than a centralized one. Current business models built in top of Bitcoin (layer 2 businesses) need some degree of trust in the business to operate, so is not an ideal state to settle at.
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:17:55
That's not how it works. You as a user just needs a compatible client to manage the generated-but-not-sent transactions and communicate with the other party. You may use hub services to facilitate that if you wish (same as you can choose to use a web wallet now), but you don't have to.
@_date: 2017-08-10 22:00:25
Miners can pick whatever transactions they want to include in a block. Odds are they'll pick the ones with the most fees, since they have better profits that way.
If you want your transaction to confirm just "sometime in the next few days", you have to take a look at the mempool, and aim for about the middle of what people are currently paying. Just cranking a fee all the way to zero and expecting it to work is a gamble, the same as putting insufficient postage on an envelope. If you know your envelope is stuffed tight (you have many inputs in your transaction), but you only slap one stamp on it without weighing it, you're going to have a bad time. Bitcoin does a lot of things for you, but there's still some due-diligence you should do when sending out transactions (like checking the state of the mempool fees to accurately determine what value a "low fee" is currently).
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:05:00
I believe they're intending it to work by:
Launch the wallet and choose "Segwit". Go to the "Receive" tab and copy your receiving address to your clipboard. Quit out of the wallet and re-launch, and this time choose "Legacy". Go to the "Send" tab, and paste in your Segwit receiving address into the destination to send to.
@_date: 2017-08-10 20:24:47
Yes, flipping a coin 256 times gives you a very random key to use. You can then use live-boot Linux distro to get a safe environment to do the base-58 conversion if you'd like.
The benefit of a TREZOR (or Ledger or KeepKey) hardware wallet over a manually-created private key is the hardware wallets also do the Hierarchical Deterministic Wallet (HD Wallet) logic for you, so it creates a brand new address for every transaction you do, further obfuscating your fingerprint on the blockchain, which would take a lot of manual work to do (flipping a coin 256 times every time you want to send/receive coins).
@_date: 2017-08-08 11:59:29
I have a Ledger hardware wallet that I've made several deposits into, which means several addresses in my HD wallet now have funds in them. Ledger has now added BCH options to its main wallet utility, but the "Send" options it has only specify an Account to pull funds from, not an individual wallet.
If I send all by BCH at once to a new BCH-only address, then the anonymity of those several addresses will be lost, and everyone will know the total size of my holdings. I could just specify a smaller amount to move, but depending on which UTXOs the Ledger wallet picks, I could overlap several addresses and create a follow-able path of addresses that split and merged with each other.
Electrum can interface with Ledgers, and it does have a "Spend From" option within the interface that limits the transaction to be spent from a particular address. However, it's not BCH-compatible, so isn't going to put in any of the relay-protection to force it to be on the BCH fork.
Is my best bet to do several smaller BCH-splitting transactions with the Ledger wallet, and hope that it only picks one or two addresses to spend from for each? Or is there a web utility that helps craft BCH-specific raw transactions, where you can pick which addresses/UTXOs are going to be used in the transaction, and it includes BCH-only replay protection?
@_date: 2017-08-27 19:14:20
True they may have been the "right" fees at the time _to be processed immediately_. My point is that even if the fee balance at the time is like that, you can either wait a few hours and see if the pool situation changes (not the best for immediate purchases), or pay lower-than-average fees for the current situation anticipating the pool congestion would go down. That's a good move since then all clients can see your transaction in the mempool and trust you've sent it, and it will be confirmed as soon as the conditions change, without further action from you. The Bitcoin community of users could do with some better tooling (or more widespread standardization of the tools on hand) for determining if the current mempool situation is a "surge" or not (should I use the fees as the pool indicates currently, or go lower anticipating it will go down shortly?).
@_date: 2017-08-29 02:06:10
Priced out? Are you trying to imply that individual users can't become payment hubs because they'll get priced out by bigger players? That's the same as saying individual users can't become miners because they'll get priced out by bigger players. If all you're in it for is the profit, yes, it will take work and competition to play in the big leagues. But that's not the primary point of a Lightning Network (the point of it for the average user is to use it for transactions, not to get rich off the fees from using it). And even if not all users can become payment hubs, that doesn't mean the infrastructure itself is bad or will fail.
And as to your comment about running a separate service if you want to be a receiving hub; did you know that if you want to mine Bitcoin you have to run a separate service to connect to a pool organizer to watch for, and intervene, if a new block is found in order to not lose your money mining on a bad branch? Yes, that sounds very much like Bitcoin! There's additional, optional layers being added on that users can participate at at various levels. If you don't like the level of complexity, don't use it, and wait for a client application to abstract away the technical nuances.
@_date: 2017-08-18 12:59:12
You don't need them to accept "raw" Bitcoin; if you've got Bitcoin it doesn't matter if the vendor you want to buy from uses BitPay, some other processor, or just accepts Bitcoin directly. You can still use your coins to make the purchase in the same way.
@_date: 2017-08-20 20:08:00


How? Because there's More transaction fees per block? But you claim later that going this route makes transaction fees less...
Segwit alone makes much more room in blocks and gives an opening for fees to not need to be so competitive and can drop. Doing another "2x" size increase _on top of_ what segwit already does is not necessary to get fees to be lower.
@_date: 2017-08-01 19:54:39


You seem to be confusing ICO (Initial Coin Offering) with ETH (ether). Ether is generated per-block as Bitcoin is, as a blockchain based asset. Each coin/token/contract that's created (and may be released to the public in an ICO) is created with all the variables set by the designer of the new token. The token's creator has no relation to the creators of ETH or the Ethereum protocol that underpins the whole thing. Token contract creators _can_ "pre-mine" (or rather "pre-allocate") their tokens and create a price bubble/manipulation _of that token_, but that's not a manipulation of ETH/Ethereum.
@_date: 2017-08-29 02:20:18
Even if their patenting works as indicated and applies to the Lightning Network protocol, I as a user am not patenting anything, so there's no issue there. The developers of wallet software implementing a Lightning Network protocol would possibly fall under that situation.
Though the bigger question is whether Blockstream's patent can be defended at all. The documents on the current Lightning Network don't seem to reference this patent at all, and Blockstream's pledge says they'll only use it defensively, so as long as no other entity attempts to claim jurisdiction over side-chains, and Blockstream remains silent and not attempting to gather fees or whatnot from developers using that technology, they're holding up their end of the bargain, no?
@_date: 2018-10-12 21:13:19
He bet by the end of 2020 it would be one million, not the end of this year.
@_date: 2017-08-27 02:29:53
All right, now that I'm not on my phone I went and looked it up again: take a look [here]( under "Updating the Channel". As part of Alice and Bob re-settling the state of the channel, they give away the secret key they used in the last state-settlement:














So, I wasn't quite right; it's not the most recent settlement that Bob pushes, it's Alice's secret that she used to generate the state-transaction that she pushed to the blockchain.
The time-lock starts the moment a transaction is added to the blockchain, not the moment it's half-signed by either party. So even if an older state-settlement is years old, it was never part of the blockchain and so the clock never started ticking yet.
To your point of if the network is congested, in the example given, Alice has 1000 blocks to notice that Bob did something bad and sweep the coins. If the network fees make it not worth the cost of her transmitting one more transaction, she probably won't bother, but that also means Bob payed the same degree of high transaction fee and isn't really getting all that much profit from it.
@_date: 2017-08-30 23:28:51
All right; "to show the _near_ exponential growth?"
@_date: 2017-08-28 11:15:43


That is not true at all: Lightning Networks don't _need_ any new rules at all; they can be utilized on any blockchain with the aid of payment clearing hubs. In order to make Lightning Networks even more private and easy-to-manage, Segwit capabilities are needed, but the Bitcoin blockchain now has that, and has no need for further "new rules" in order to utilize Lightning Networks.
@_date: 2017-08-30 11:53:02
So, this is actually the receipt for a $9.1M purchase? Someone bought their own private island?
@_date: 2017-08-13 13:06:15
@_date: 2017-08-28 19:36:11
That article you linked to is two years old, well before the creation of Segwit and its activation as a feature. Its views are outdated; in that model there would be centralized hubs who could set up a monopoply and charge additional fees, but in the [current protocol]( that's no longer the case.
@_date: 2017-08-20 20:29:14


No, a transaction, once included in a block is in the public record forever. However, it can still be anonymous because there can be plausible deniability as to who owns the sending and receiving addresses. Anyone can see if a transaction has "address A sending to address B", but that has no proof of who A and B are in the real world
@_date: 2018-10-31 16:48:01
Saying "I like blockchain technology, but don't want Bitcoin/cryptocurrencies" is a lot like a postman in the 1980s saying "I like people being able to receive messages faster, but I don't want email".
You sound like you're trying to "ease" users into this new space by making some sort of hybrid system, but by doing that, you'll lose the benefits of both systems.
Similar projects I've seen documented are working with areas that already have a local currency (City-wide; not the national currency), which must have some ledger system keeping track of transactions which is likely paper-based or spreadsheet-based or some homemade system. Moving their ledger system into a blockchain system (e.g. making it a token on Ethereum) then already has a system of merchants accepting it. That then serves as a backbone/platform to expand the currency to other local areas, and eliminates the centralized trust of the ledger-keepers
@_date: 2017-08-01 17:37:49
It depends where you transferred it _from_, as the location it was at before you moved it to your Electrum wallet is likely where it was pre-split. Whoever has the private key for the location it was in before that split point will be able to separate it into BCH and BTC.
@_date: 2017-08-20 22:36:30
True, so long as there is distinction among the two resulting coins' networks (replay protection), so you can get at your dividends. But that's not the case here.
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:24:28
No one "owns" it; "Lighting Networks" are a protocol, a way of speaking a specific language. Transactions generated on a Lightning Network have fees like any other Bitcoin transaction (paid to the miners of the block that includes them), however, the majority of the interactions between users of a Lightning Network are off-chain (the transaction data is valid, but it's not broadcast to the Bitcoin network to even join the mempool yet), so no fees are paid to anyone. Only after a Lightning Network channel wants to close (either its exhausted all its liquidity or for other reasons) does the final Bitcoin transaction get sent to the Bitcoin network to be mined, and then a transaction fee is paid (by both parties of the Lightning Network channel, according to whatever final state they agreed to) to be included in the permanent blockchain. Bitcoin miners don't take any part in Lightning Network interactions except at the very beginning and the very end of the channel's lifespan.
@_date: 2017-08-29 11:15:51
BCH has an "emergency difficulty adjustment" (EDA) that goes off if blocks are too slow. But they _don't_ have a catch for if blocks are too fast. So, if the miners intentionally go slow (1 block every 2 hours) for a time, they can trigger multiple EDAs in a row to bring the difficulty way, way down. Once the difficulty is down, massive hashpower switches to BCH because then then can mine blocks really quick, until the next difficulty adjustment (2000 blocks; which is supposed to take two weeks if done at 10 min/block) makes it harder again. With a large portion of BTC miners swinging over to the BCH branch, they can burn through 2000 blocks in about a day or two instead of two weeks, making two weeks of profit in a few days. Great for the miners; useless for the users, as BCH doesn't have the volume right now to need that many blocks, so the majority of blocks mined in that time are practically empty.
@_date: 2017-08-21 00:59:15
Thanks for taking the time for a detailed response; I appreciate it! However I disagree with your point still. When you say "security" is compromised when there's more than one SHA256^2 coin because it makes it more likely a 51% attack would happen?
But then your examples go on to show that when multiple coins exist that use the same SHA256^2 Proof of Work algorithm exist, miners should and do pick the one that is the most profitable, so the system equalizes to one majority SHA256^2 coin, and a minority of hashpower mining alternates for some reason other than pure profit-seeking (perhaps to support an alternate coin they think has a better community or purpose, or whatnot). That one SHA256^2 coin is not made "less secure" by competing SHA256^2 coins because there can only be one. If a competing coin just appears with no hash-power protections, it can get 51%-attacked by miners of the majority coin because it's smaller, as you laid out.
But in the case of a second coin being introduced that evenly splits the community (your "Foo" and "Bar" coin example), they could exist for a time perfectly balanced, but that relationship is fragile. As soon as one does have a price dip big enough to start shifting hashpower to the other, it will tip the scales, and one of them will crumble. It might oscillate for a while, but as soon as one has a big enough advantage to lure the pure-profit-seeking miners away from the other, it's a domino effect and you end up with one majority SHA256^2 coin, and a minority coin again. So, yes I can see how there can be periods of instability where a miner who's optimized for SHA256^2 mining could waffle back and forth between multiple coins, but that situation looks to be self-correcting, and will arrive at a majority coin at some point, right?
@_date: 2017-08-29 18:15:27
The bottom display shows the "change bars" (in the background) and the current order book spread (foreground lines). The background bars scroll in from the right and slide left until they're gone; it shows recent up/down buys and sells. The foreground lines are the order book spread; how many BTCs worth people are willing to buy/sell at the given prices.
@_date: 2017-08-26 19:39:12
No, you don't mine Bitcoin coin-by-coin. It's mined block-by-block, and each block has a reward associated with it. If you find the answer to the difficult math problem that results in a valid block, you get the 12.5 BTC reward. However, you're right that it's a terribly hard thing to do, so most miners band together into "pools", and split the reward. 
So, if you join a pool, you'll get some small fractions of a Bitcoin for your contributions. But if you pay for your own electricity, it's likely you'll spend more on electricity than you earn as rewards.
@_date: 2017-08-28 15:30:26
Thanks for sharing your opinion; clarifying a few things you said, though:


Lightning networks are not required, they're just highly recommended. To use the analogy that's been circulating recently, Lightning networks are a "secondary layer" on top of the Bitcoin technology in the same way that the road/highway/expressway system is a secondary layer on top of car technology.
If you go to buy a car, and want to say "What, I only can use it on roads following certain rules set forth by others? I don't want that!", then you can go buy a car designed for off-roading. It will be a more durable car, with bigger wheels. You'll likely need to carry around more tools to fix it when it breaks down, and it will break down more often as it's going over more rough terrain. If you get yourself stuck in the middle of the woods, you're on your own to get un-stuck, etc. 
You are free to blaze your own trail, and stick with only on-chain transactions if that's your choice. But then don't be offended when others choose to have a smoother ride by choosing to go a different route than you.
And you mention "joining an LN hub" as the way to become part of a Lightning Network, which is not true. With the current implementations of Lightning Network protocols, a centralized hub node is not necessary and you are definitely not forced to adopt to a hub-and-spoke model in your own personal Lightning Network connections.
@_date: 2017-08-26 14:47:45


If Alice publishes a transaction that's not the most recent settlement transaction, I believe there's a way for Bob to immediately push the most recent settlement transaction (proving Alice tried to cheat), which gives _all_ the funds to Bob.
@_date: 2017-08-22 11:10:14
It may be nessecary to mine at a loss _temporarily_ if a majority of hashpower abandons a given chain. The current logic of the Bitcoin blockchain is that difficulty only adjusts once every two weeks. So, until the next difficulty adjustment, if any transactions are to be mined at all, someone needs to keep mining. It will mean that blocks come more slowly, and therefore profits are less than they were, so miners that were profitable may not be any more. But if just all of them quit, then there's no more blocks, and the chain doesn't continue to the difficulty adjustment.
@_date: 2017-08-24 16:46:15
It's not "off blockchain", it's "pre-blockchain", similar to how the mempool can be trusted even though it's not "the blockchain". The Lightning network protocol deals with passing around valid transactions that _could_ be added to the blockchain, but aren't until the involved parties agree.
But I'm not explaining that for your sake, I'm explaining it for any other interested users on this thread. You've already stated you've judged it without investigating at all...
@_date: 2017-08-26 20:00:26
So, the time is ripe for a new pool to emerge that focuses on grabbing segwit transactions specifically? If people ideologically want that, and enough people join in their hashpower, it could be viable?
@_date: 2017-08-22 11:15:11
True; it then becomes a question of philosophy versus greed. If you believe in a certain project and like the direction it's going, that may be a bigger benefit than making the absolute best bang for your (electricity) buck.
@_date: 2017-08-18 20:52:55
Many vendors accept Bitcoin as a payment method from their users. Your use of the term "raw" Bitcoins is confusing; I think you're trying to say that of those businesses that accept Bitcoin, very few keep it as Bitcoin? I do think that's true currently, but why should that matter to you as a user of those company's services? Ideally, if more of the business supply companies (b2b vendors, who the current Bitcoin-accepting companies use to run their businesses) start accepting Bitcoin as payments (either holding them or immediately exchanging for fiat; doesn't matter), that would encourage the b2c companies to have a reason to keep their profits in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-10 20:55:29
I like the "_When_ Bitcoin reaches..." instead of "_If_ Bitcoin reaches..."; keeping it optimistic! 
@_date: 2017-08-13 17:35:50


The code of BitAddress does not store the generated keys not transmit them to anyone. Developers who have reviewed their code have verified this, and if you doubt it, you can download a copy of the website to a USB stick, restart your computer using a Linux live CD, go offline, and use the version on your USB stick. Since you're offline it can't transmit anywhere, and since you are booted off a CD, it can't store anything (all will be deleted when you restart).
@_date: 2017-08-28 13:49:30
Thanks for your comments; I was simply trying to lay out where the areas of concern, not necessarily go into the technicals on each one, but for those who are interested, the counter point details are:


The [btc1 Segwit2x client]( has primarily one developer while the [core client]( has several. The Segwit2x code _needs_ community members to go through the code themselves since there is no internal peer-review. The average community member is not an expert C developer nor a security/cryptography/math expert who can analyze code for edge-case vulnerabilities. Even if the code is sound at this moment, if a vulnerability is discovered down the road, after a fork, the ability for a one-developer-team to react and update the client code is much less than a dedicated team of several developers with industry experience.


Saying "3 months" is "not too fast" is indeed the Segwit2x community's stance. And if you compare that to "days" or "weeks" it is indeed not very fast. But the Core team's roadmap projections place increasing the blocksize "years" out. Comparing "months" to "years" is indeed dramatically sooner.


You cited two things wrong in this statement: Firstly, with segwit being activated on the bitcoin blockchain, the block limit is no longer 1MB, but rather a [max of 4MB]( the fact that segwit has now been activated has given the community at large a feature that they can use (as part of secondary applications: wallets, exchanges, etc.) to get x4 capacity with no further software changes needed to the Bitcoin client. Secondly, you allude to some FUD that Lightning Networks have centralization worries. A Lightning Network implemented without segregated witness features does need to be centralized in order to operate. However, the features granted by activating segregated witness on the bitcoin blockchain means that there's **no need for a Lightning Network to be centralized**, and it can exist privately in a completely decentralized manner.


This is an empty opinion; saying "while we can" implies there's some impending doom coming that will prevent increasing the block size in the future? Echoing back to the "speed" issue; "too fast" is subjective, but implying there's a need for more speed without reason isn't constructive.


True; the issue at hand here is "counting your chickens before they've hatched". Saying "may the best chain win" is implying you're looking to the future to let the community decide, but that's not what the 2X proponents are doing; they're demanding the change in terminology and vocabulary _now_, before community proof.


The UASF for activating Segwit was successful; why would future USAFs need "MUCH more" support to be successful?
@_date: 2017-08-01 20:22:01


Ah, looks like that's correct on that bit: around 72 million Ether was part of the crowdsale/presale, and currently there's almost 94 million Ether in circulation ([ref]( so that's 76.84% of all Ether in circulation was allocated based on actions prior to the start of the Ethereum blockchain. I hadn't realized the percentage was that high.
But the only way to get that crowdsale allocation was with Bitcoin (which is not a pre-mined asset), all that Bitcoin had to come from somewhere (mined legitimately with Proof of Work), so that makes it still hang on a proof-of-work origin, just the origin is on the Bitcoin chain, not the Ethereum chain? That's more a "philosophical" origin rather than a literal origin; if you're looking just at the Ethereum chain it does look like a pre-mine, I agree.
@_date: 2017-08-10 20:17:46




No, definitely not joking. This is a situation where the parallel in the real would be a complex legal agreement. If you're handed a 10-page contract by someone who tells you to sign it, what do you do? You either read through it yourself (trusting your own ability read legalese) or you hire your own lawyer to go over it, and then you trust and sign it.
Same thing here. If reading through the code of the website is daunting to you, you then can either go hire a programmer you trust to give it a thumbs up/down for you, or you learn how to verify the PGP signature of the archive (which would verify that you've got the same code as the rest of the online community, which has many people who have gone over that code to verify it).
@_date: 2017-01-16 22:21:29


That assumes both Misters are passing their fees along to their buyer, which is not usually the case. Whoever's buying their Bitcoin pays for one whole Bitcoin and receives one whole Bitcoin. Mr. X and Mr. Y need to have additional coins on top of that in order to pay the transaction fee. Mr. X will need to pay more in fees on top of that one whole coin, but to his buyer, that makes no difference.
@_date: 2017-08-17 22:45:21
@_date: 2017-08-28 18:29:21






"Bitcoin Cash" is labeled specifically as that, never as "Bitcoin". They have separate abbreviations and separate pricing tickers. Cryptocurrencies have existed in a realm where alternate currencies with similar-sounding names have always existed. If people have learned to differentiate "Litecoin" from "Bitcoin" even though half their names are identical and they're both cryptocurrencies, spawning more alternate currencies doesn't suddenly cause confusion.
@_date: 2017-08-27 03:57:45
[Your transaction]( paid 422 satoshis/byte as a fee. The [current state]( of the network shows 150 satoshis/byte (which would have been about $2.41)  would get you confirmed in a few blocks. And you could have paid even less if you were willing to have it wait a few hours. Yes, it would be great if those fees were even lower, but you didn't help the situation by over-paying for it.
@_date: 2018-10-12 21:07:57
The two different coins split apart due to philosophical differences mainly centered on how the blockchain should scale ("big blocks" on the Bitcoin Cash (BCH) side, "little blocks" on the Bitcoin (BTC) side), and somewhat based on what following "the original vision" means for the growth of whatever gets to keep the "Bitcoin" name.
So, as a user, the main differences are knowing they're  two separate cryptocurrencies (so don't send the one type of coin to the other type of coin's wallet address), and the long-term roadmap has different immediate priorities (BTC is seeing lots of changes to the wallet software, as developers add in Segregated Witness (SegWit) and Lightning Network compatibility, while BCH is more focused on trying to rouse up merchant adoption and focus on UI/UX workflows to encourage users to \_use\_ the currency rather than just save it).
@_date: 2017-08-20 20:25:19


Can you elaborate on that? I don't believe that's true and not sure how it would be a security risk to share the same PoW logic/algorithms with an altcoin. Even when the logic is the same, the transactions in a block are different and the previous block headers are different, do the same work done for one chain is not useful or able to shortcut the process on another chain.
@_date: 2017-08-26 20:07:41


ACH to Coinbase is a flat fee if under $200 and a percentage above that. Not terrible, but absolutely not free.
@_date: 2017-08-29 14:45:26
True, that's now how payment channels work _now_; I was making a joke/prediction about 2025 that would make the situation where a payment is a fraction of a satoshi work.
@_date: 2017-08-26 14:19:05
This. Creating is one thing, spending another. Hardware wallets allow you to spend your coins anywhere. Yes, if there's firmware vulnerabilities that's unsafe, but you also get the protection of the herd; if one person loses their coins to a vulnerability and it gets public notice, it has a good chance of being fixed and everyone else made safer. When you use your own paper wallet techniques, you're completely on your own to make sure your techniques are sound.
@_date: 2017-08-10 06:29:21
"Because it's like USD's 'cents'" I think misses the point; bitcoins are able to be divided into more pieces than USDs because only having 100 pieces isn't granular enough. People are able to grasp numbers in groups of three digits (due to commas every three digits in large whole numbers), so why restrict it to two digits just to "look like a USD value"?
I do admit, having 8 decimal places instead of 9 makes it hard as you can't do a consistent pattern going up and down (a kilo-satoshi is not a micro-bitcoin).  Starting from the Bitcoin value down, the SI prefix scale skips by three digits, so a micro-bitcoin is the "bits" value. However, going from satoshis up, you can have kilo-satoshis and mega-satoshis,  but then a whole bitcoin is 100 mega-satoshis, which doesn't fit. So the more I think about it, I agree on the "have a unit for 100 satoshis" but for the reason of "it fits the SI fraction labels" rather than "it looks like USD".
@_date: 2017-08-22 11:18:20
@_date: 2017-08-01 16:42:33
No, the Bitcoin ABC/BCH nodes have stopped advancing on the main blockchain (they're [stuck at block 478558]( but they haven't created any new blocks as a side-chain yet (waiting for the first &gt;1MB block to be mined), so it's not officially a fork yet, but if/when it happens, block 478558 will be the last common block between the two chains, and there will be two blocks at height 478559.
@_date: 2019-08-05 19:12:30
Libra will **NOT** be an investment opportunity for the vast majority of people. The main Libra coin will be a stable coin (backed by a "basket" of global currencies), so it's price will not fluctuate in value that much. The Libra system will have a second token that will act like a stock share in the governing body, and will grow (interest/dividends), but that will only be available to the mega-corporations running the validating nodes.
So, Libra will be a coin that can be **USED** by a bunch of people, but won't be a good **INVESTMENT** (buy and hold for profit) vehicle, except for a very select group of people.
@_date: 2017-08-22 06:20:29
Keeping track of and settling transactions with the main blockchain your client software should be able to do locally. You as a user still don't need to take on the headache of doing it manually, and it's your client in your device, not a central HUB to trust.
@_date: 2017-08-10 20:21:10
If someone tampered with the software (firmware) on the device, there's an external python script you can run to verify its authenticity.
If someone tampered with the hardware (removed/replaced/added chips), you are able to open the outer casing and compare to photos of known good models.
Yes, the device itself is not that physically robust to prevent pin-access or whatnot, but the idea is that if your device is stolen, you as the coin owner have your backup private key stashed away somewhere (separate from the device!). While the attacker is trying to hack your PIN, you have that amount of time to get another hardware wallet, restore your private key from backup, and move all your coins somewhere else. Then, by the time your old PIN is cracked, the wallet's empty.
@_date: 2017-01-16 15:01:42
"worst case scenario" could be infinite. Fees required to confirm a transaction are set by the miners, and the miners may set their own individual preferences as to what sorts of transactions they'll mine. By default, there's a general cost-per-byte of transaction size, so Mr. X's transaction will be almost x1000 bigger than Mr. Y's (both will have the same headers, which wouldn't be multiplied, which is why it wouldn't be exactly x1000 bigger). But there's also the age of the coins that can be factored in: if Mr. X's coin fractions were all acquired from a faucet two years ago, and Mr. Y's coin was just transferred yesterday, Mr. X's coins would have a higher 'priority', so a slightly lower fee could still get them included in a block.
@_date: 2017-08-27 19:15:30
And a fourth option for "custom", as the Ledger wallet has, so advanced users really have customization control when they need it.
@_date: 2019-08-05 17:10:11
The proposal Facebook announced (Libra), while it has roots in some of the same technology as Bitcoin (both are "blockchain"-based), many analysts who have looked at both technologies say they won't really be competitors, since the concept of Libra is to be centralized (users of that system put their faith/trust in the node operators to maintain the security of the system, and the node operators of that system are initially set to be a collaboration of several mega-corporations), while the concept of Bitcoin is to be decentralized (users have no need to trust any one entity to keep the system secure; you "are your own bank", with no need to go through any other intermediary to do transactions).
For users who are used to heavily-centralized systems (e.g. users of Paypal, Venmo, etc.), Libra could serve as a slightly better alternative (you're not trusting one mega-corporation, you're trusting a collaboration of several mega-corporations; if one of them was trying to do something evil, in theory the others would stop it), but Bitcoin is an even further step in that direction (no need to trust a mega-corporation at all).
@_date: 2019-08-16 21:01:50
Does anyone else take that release date to be somewhat... [ominous](
@_date: 2017-08-18 21:12:27
It's a psychological hurdle. Bitcoin lingered under $1,000 for a while, and when it broke past it, it shot _way_ past it. Long term investors who put in high-reaching sell orders will have a tendency to use nice, even whole numbers. So beyond $1,000, going to $10,000 if the next logorithmic checkpoint, so it's an easy touchstone for people to reference.
@_date: 2017-08-10 21:02:14
If something _needs_ to go through, then you need to pay for that assurance, and should put a higher fee on it. Saving money is all well and good, but if you're down in the low-or-no-fee range, expecting to get priority treatment for free is not realistic.
@_date: 2019-08-09 00:31:08
Hmmm...? Oh! Ewww
@_date: 2019-08-05 20:46:57
Chinese Proverb say, "Best time to plant a tree was twenty years ago. Second best time is right now."
"Waiting for the dip" is a dangerous game, since it's just as likely the price will go "five steps" up and "four steps" down, meaning if you buy after it "dips", you'll still pay "one step" more than if you had just bought at the beginning.
@_date: 2019-08-08 21:47:06
But what would you serve at such a fancy dinner to honor this kind donor...? And can we combine this celebratory dinner with giving a nod to for their generosity too? What's the fanciest main dish we can devise combining Pineapples and Grape Jelly?
@_date: 2019-08-05 20:44:10
A [Bitcoin Address]( is a long (26-35 characters) string of letters/numbers that uniquely identifies one destination that can hold Bitcoin (you can think of it as an account number for a checking account at a traditional bank). It's very long, so when needing to share it with someone, it's often presented as a QR code to make it easier to input on the receiving device.
Keeping the idea that a Bitcoin Address is like a bank account, in a traditional banking setup, you can create a checking account for yourself, as well as a savings account, and possibly other "buckets" that you save money into. With Bitcoin the same is true; you can create many different addresses to hold your funds. Since "you are the bank", you can create as many different accounts (addresses) for yourself as you want. For ideal privacy, the suggestion is you only use each Bitcoin Address location once (receive to it once, and then spend from it once). Hardware wallets help with that by their software creating an endless stream of addresses for you, and keeping track of how much of your funds are in each one.
When you tell Coinbase (or any other exchange) "hey, I want to send some of the Bitcoin I purchased somewhere else", they just ask "to which Bitcoin address". You don't have to declare whether the "somewhere else" is to another person (making a purchase) or to a different address you control (though in the US you're still obligated to tell the IRS whether you made a purchase or not, but you don't have to tell the Exchange that).
Coinbase is pretty easy to do the actual withdrawing; there's some KYC questions that need to be handled first (and if your KYC verification gets stuck, that can be a long wait to get help from a real person), but once that's done, in my experience, withdrawals are pretty much a breeze.
@_date: 2019-08-05 17:14:33
No, Coinbase lets you withdraw the Bitcoins to your own wallet, so it's a fine place to start purchasing.
@_date: 2016-12-15 06:59:25
Because when in mathematics you're talking about a set of numbers, "addition" and "multiplication" can mean different things for different sets. We're all familiar with addition and multiplication within the set of all real numbers. But when you're dealing with cryptography, you're dealing with a set of numbers that all lie on the elliptic curve (it's impossible to get a number off the curve, since the set doesn't contain any). "adding" two points together in an elliptic curve math problem it isn't just adding the coordinates together. Instead, "adding" two points is done by "calculating the straight line defined by the two points, finding where it intersects the elliptic curve, and reflecting that intersection point over the X-axis". "Multiplying" points is then just doing that "addition" several times in a row.
@_date: 2019-08-05 17:17:25
A "hardware wallet" is a very good wallet to use for long-term safety of your coins. Hardware wallets typically run around $100, so as soon as you have purchased enough cryptocurrency that spending an extra $100 is worth it to you to ensure they don't vanish (if the exchange you buy them from gets hacked, you could lose all your funds), the general best practice is to get a hardware wallet and transfer your long-term savings to that.
A mobile device wallet is okay as well (good for "walking around money"; same as carrying cash in your wallet on your person); it beats out a cloud-based wallet since the keys are kept on your physical mobile device, and someone would need to get physical access to it to get your funds.
@_date: 2017-08-09 23:28:20
ITT I see people who, like me, recently re-watched _The Matrix_ now that it's on Netflix?
@_date: 2017-08-13 00:12:04
Opens with a shot of a guy holding a "buy Bitcoin" sign on the jumbotron. Cut to two other fans watching.
"Bitcoin? What even is that?"
"What, you don't have any yet? Here, let me tell you..."
If we air an ad like that, every subsequent "but Bitcoin" photobomb is even more effective!
@_date: 2019-08-05 19:09:00
Hardware wallets generate Bitcoin addresses (and other cryptocurrency addresses) that you can then receive Bitcoin from any source (any source that advertises it can send to a Bitcoin addresses). Coinbase allows sending to external Bitcoin wallets, so you can use that to pay other people (send it to their wallet) or "pay yourself" (send it to your own hardware wallet's address).
Yes, the Cash app lets you buy too; the main difference in all the exchanges that let you buy with fiat is how much of a fee they charge. Coinbase is one of the lowest, and if you link your bank account and use their "Pro" interface, there's no fee to deposit or withdraw.
@_date: 2019-10-25 16:20:28
A "short" means someone placed a bet that Bitcoin's price would go down in the near future. If the price goes the opposite (it did!), the short is "liquidated" (or colloquially, "rekd"). 
That Twitter account looks at aggregated collections of shorts and notifies when they're liquidated. So, that post means the moment the price crossed that value, that's how much (collectively) was lost by those gambling in the other direction.
@_date: 2019-10-30 00:26:36
There an Augur market for that? Then you could!
@_date: 2019-08-05 17:20:37


Some good advice can be found here: [
@_date: 2019-06-23 21:05:44


Actually, it passed $1M USD mid-October 2020 on its way to a $1.89M peak, before crashing 80% down to $375K. Peaked again in 2024 to $12.14M, before crashing down 93% in value to $850K. 2030 we celebrated it holding _steady_ above $1M for the first time.
@_date: 2019-06-01 16:28:47
Whoa, did they announce this somewhere? I logged in and found my "in person" sell offers were all deleted, and the "add new" prompt now has no "local" options, only "online" ones. Kind of defeats the purpose of "local" in the name...?
@_date: 2019-08-06 11:44:38


Gemini fees [for buying/selling]( and [for withdrawing](
Coinbase fees [for their standard interface]( and [for pro](
Coinbase's standard interface for buying/selling is the same fee level as Gemini's. Coinbase's Pro interface has no fee for BTC withdrawals, and Gemini's has no fee for BTC withdrawals unless you do more than 10 withdrawls/month. So, they're pretty much the same, with Gemini having a slightly higher transfer fee, if you're using it more than 10 times/month.


Care to cite a source for that? Coinbase is one of the few US-based exchanges that actively and visibly work to make sure they stay within legal requirements for US traders, and so have generally been a highly-reputable company. The times I see people complain about them is typically around areas high growth where in the past they've fallen behind on customer support tickets.


Other way around; the hardware wallet generates a new Bitcoin Address for you to use, which the ATM would need to scan to know where to send things to. Using a hardware wallet with a mobile device is possible (there's several apps that know how to talk to a hardware wallet when attached to a phone's USB port (or a Ledger Nano X, which communicates with Bluetooth, can pair with your phone), and can query it for the public address, and show it as a QR code on the phone's screen. Bitcoin ATMs will have a camera to scan your QR code to send the coins directly to you, or most will also have the option to generate a "paper wallet" for you, where they'll transfer the coins to a brand new address that the ATM generates, and then it will print out a public address AND private key on the paper receipt it gives you.


I have purchased from [LocalBitcoins.com]( (back when they did local trades, as well as online), Coinbase, local ATMs, and Bisq.


If you're a US citizen, you owe "capital gains tax" on any cryptocurrency sale (sale of cryptocurrency for goods/services, or sale/trade of cryptocurrency for other cryptocurrency both count as "selling" in this context).


Why would you [need to "cash out"]( ;)
Coinbase or Gemini both allow selling your BTC for USD, and can then transfer the USD back to your bank account if you want to. Or (in theory) as more merchants accept Bitcoin as payment, you simply spend your Bitcoin as the way to make the purchase, with no need to "cash out".
@_date: 2019-06-01 16:31:01
Mycelium Marketplace is still a thing, I think?
@_date: 2017-08-05 21:56:22
- Overstock.com
- Steam
- NameCheap
- NewEgg
- Gyft
- Amazon (through Purse.io)
@_date: 2017-11-01 15:40:22
Yes, I've argued that point before for the same reason, If we as a culture would put some sort of spacer between groups of fractional units, it would make it easier on human perception. Something like an apostrophe, to balance the commas on the other side of the number:
1,000.000'05 BTC/Mbits
1,000,000.05 mBTC/kSat
1,000,000,050.00 bits/daSat
@_date: 2017-11-22 20:31:25
Yes. Both are valid Bitcoin addresses, and transactions can move between them. The main benefit is that Segwit-to-Segwit transactions need less of a fee than Legacy-to-Segwit, Segwit-to-Legacy, and Legacy-to-Legacy, so best have yours in Segwit to begin with for the best chance at lowest fees.
@_date: 2017-11-21 21:32:36


You as a user don't _have_ to do this, and if there's not an additional incentive to do so, there'd be no need. If a company wished to set itself up as a large provider of liquidity (as a service, which users would pay a fee to use), the use case where that's most helpful for a user is on a one-off transaction at a place they don't normally frequent. If I'm traveling and want to pay a restaurant I don't normally frequent and don't need a long-term relationship with (since that chain doesn't exist in my home town), if I'm already a member of one of these liquidity hubs, possibly they already have a connection to this restaurant, and instead of me paying a blockchain transaction fee to either open a channel or just send a one-off transaction, I can pay a different fee to the liquidity hub to manage the transaction. But because that's how the liquidity hubs make any sort of profit, the act of moving money around would likely be higher than if I opened my own channel (where moving money back and forth would be free).
Additionally, Lightning Networks could facilitate smaller-scale networks between social groups. Say I go to a certain grocery store consistently. I have a frequent-shopper card there, and rack up the rewards points there. Now, I have a friend Alice who is the sort of person who gets a designer coffee each morning from a coffee shop, and purchases gift cards to that coffee shop. I'm not that big a coffee drinker, but periodically I hang out with Alice and she'll invite me to go grab a coffee with her. In a typical situation, she may say she'll put my coffee on her gift card for me and I'll "owe her". She may come to visit me some time and we stop by my favorite grocery store and she wants to grab some artisanal cheese to take home. She doesn't care about the frequent-shopper reward points here, so I buy it on my account and give it to her to account for what I owe her. In a Lightning Network model, I create a channel to the grocery store (because I want to record my rewards points there) and to Alice (since she's my friend). Alice opens her own channel to the coffee shop (replacing her gift card there). Now, the bookkeeping of "which friend owes which friend how much" is handled automatically by the link between Alice and I. I can actually pay the coffee shop as myself (they now know who I am and I could grow a relationship with them in the future if I wanted to), and Alice can pay the grocery store. So now the businesses on the ends of the chain are actually involved, and know what's going on, and friends don't need to do bookkeeping between them. Concepts like when a group of friends go out and someone says "I'll pick up the check and you all can pay me back later" don't have to exist; one person could make a link to the restaurant, and all the friends funnel through each other. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 12:35:36
Placing a limit sell on an exchange would eat up all the buy orders above that price, but would then hold the price at that level ($7,000) until enough buyers ate up that order, so the price wouldn't fall lower than that point until that order was used up. That happened previously with [the Bearwhale]( at $300.
@_date: 2019-02-25 22:16:41
[tippin.me]( has a website button generator now. If you have a Twitter account, that one's dead simple to set up. It is however a custodial account, so you'd want to withdraw funds from it periodically to your own wallet.
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:14:43
The Red and Green lines are cumulative graphs, meaning as they get further away form the center, they can only go up or stay flat (never down). They represent people who have already put forth a promise that they will buy (green) or sell (red) the asset at a given price. Sorting all those promises by value, you can construct a chart like this. Obviously those who want to buy want to buy at the lowest cost, so the seller (red) with the lowest (left-most on the x-axis) value will be the first one taken up on their offer. No typical buyer would pay more than the minimum required cost, so the red orders further to the right won't get filled until all the ones before them (to the left of them on the x-axis) get filled. As buyers take the sellers up on their offers, the whole red line would shift downward (on the Y-axis) for every sale made.
Since it's a cumulative display, a sharp uptick in the line (like that vertical edge just to the right of the dragon image) means a lot of sellers are piled up at that one point, all offering to sell at that value. These are termed "walls" both for their visual appearance as a vertical line, and since the price will stay at that level until enough buyers have been found to match all those sellers. You can see the height of the wall is around 800 on the Y-axis. That means 800 Bitcoins need to be sold before that wall was destroyed. All the while those 800 coins are waiting for buyers, the price can't go higher than that.
Conversely, if a whole bunch of sellers decide to exit the market and take up the buyers (the green line) on their offers (selling lower than that red wall's value), if 800 coins were sold, it would drop the price down to $9,800 (where the green line crosses 800 on the Y-axis). So, at this point, it would be a lot easier for the price to slip downward (because the slope of the green line is shallower) than to go upward (because there's a wall blocking it from advancing beyond there).
The dragon imagery is the OP desiring a rally to happen and buy up those 800 coins and push the price higher ("destroy the wall"), even though that's the "harder" direction for the price to move at this given moment.
@_date: 2017-11-01 15:42:44
Touch screen, color screen, and microSD card slot.
@_date: 2017-11-03 21:52:00


Running more full nodes will make it harder for 2x nodes to find/talk to each other, I believe, especially since the 2x codebase has decided to mask their identity by not putting it in the version details.
@_date: 2019-02-15 23:00:32


Yes, the term "confirm" means "is included in a block". Transaction fees are completely voluntary for all users wishing to transact on the Bitcoin blockchain, but those who are writing the blocks (miners) will generally be profit-seeking, and will take those that offer a larger fee. So, the equivalent is you're standing at a taxi stop with your hand out with $0.03 in it for whoever picks you up, but right next to you is someone with $0.23 in their hand. Taxi's likely going to stop for them first, and you'll get the one after that (provided all the people between $0.03 and $0.23 are taken care of first).
Another good site to use to see where the fee market is at currently is [Jochen's]( that one shows trends over time, so you can see if things are generally swelling or subsiding as well.
@_date: 2017-11-17 12:42:04
Each Tesla is a full Bitcoin node that finds other peers as you're cruising down the interstate. When you turn on the heater in the car, it just starts mining coins and vents the hot air into the main cabin.
@_date: 2017-11-19 18:32:52
Most wallets will have text labels like "priority" or "economy" in the drop-down, as well as "custom". Picking "custom" then lets you enter a value in sat/byte in a separate field.
@_date: 2017-11-29 20:35:20
If you use Coinbase, using the 'send to email' option to another Coinbase user, [there's no fees]( since it's just an internal reallocation of the funds from Coinbase's perspective. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 12:51:25
Why would that be nightmarish? Satoshi's shown to be a patient type (to keep their coins this long without selling), so odds are very good they'd not just cash out immediately, but would instead set some price and sell in chunks, as the Bearwhale did. The price won't ~~fall lower~~ **raise higher** than that price while there's a whale selling at that price, so wouldn't have serious adverse affects on the price.
EDIT: Fixed which direction a big sell order would hold the price at; price wouldn't rise above that point, until all that order was eaten up. If the sell order was placed at a value much lower than current valuation (like the $1,000 difference OP suggested), odds are good it wouldn't fall much below that except if other (more desparate) sellers wanted to undersell the whale order.
@_date: 2017-11-24 04:27:17
It is getting better and better as the technology advances. Bitcoin is right now still in its very early days, like the first email exchanges in the 1980s. It's the Wild West, where no one has solved these problems in the past, so it's constantly blazing a new trail ahead. Bitcoin's innovations will keep improving the experience one way or another. It is not going to stagnate and just become unusable
@_date: 2017-11-30 16:14:13
A few more tidbits now that I have a chance to make some screenshots of my own:
Most sites that show "Depth Chart" displays like that will also have additional information on hover to help you understand the chart.
Here's a shot of me hovering on the chart [just before a wall]( ($10,195.75) and [just after the wall]( ($10,211.91).
This particular depth chart widget (from GDAX) shows that from the current (at the time) price of $10,116.095, to get the price to move up to $10,195.75, various sellers in that range have offered up 101.139 BTC total. So, in order to eat up all those open sell offers, and shift the price up $79.65, the community (or one very wealthy buyer) would need to spend $1,026,836.69. So about one million dollars to move the price $80 up.
Compare that to the "after" data, where it shows in order to get the price up to $10,211.91, 339.376 BTC would need to be bought, for a total of $3,457,658.25. So, from the first price point to the second ($10,195.75 to $10,211.91), that's only $16.16 higher. But to move the price that much, an additional $2.43 million would need to be spent (more than double what it took to move the $80 to the base of the wall, for only a $16 price gain).
So, that shows more clearly how "hard" it would be for the price to move beyond that wall. However, once a sell offer has been placed on an exchange (and it pushes the red line up a bit at that point on the X axis), having that order get filled by a buyer willing to pay that price is not the only way for that order to get cleared. Most all orders can be cancelled by the user who created it. Hence, it's possible for someone with a lot of assets to place a massive sell order for some value "deep" (far to the right on the X axis) in the order book and make it look like there's a wall there. But it will take time for everything cheaper in the order book to get eaten up to even get to the base of the wall (in the example I posted, a million dollars worth of volume needs to take place before the possibility of that wall starting to be worked on). If sell order start getting closed out, and the wall gets closer to the middle of the graph, the original seller can simply cancel the order and keep all their coins without selling any of them (and not really offering any "resistance" to price increases at that point). So, you can't always trust a wall to really seriously last all the way through being taken up by other buyers/sellers (and indeed the wall that I took screenshots of vanished a minute or two after I finished taking my screenshots).
One of the more famous walls that did last all the way through was "The BearWhale"; an early adopter (who did reveal themselves on reddit as who wished to cash out, placed a massive sell order on one exchange; 30,000 BTC for $300 apiece. Take a look at [this video]( of the live feed of that exchange as it happened. At around 29 seconds into the video, the order gets placed. The price at the time was ~$310, so offering $300 chewed up some of the green bar, down to the $300 mark (the price chart in the top left takes a sharp downward turn to $300). Then the remaining coins to be sold form a huge red wall and the price then can't go above $300. A few sellers under-sell that massive order (willing to take a small loss to sell their coins at $299 for the benefit of being able to sell _now_ rather than wait). In the case of the BearWhale, there was enough upward pressure from people wanting to buy bitcoins at $300 each that it got chipped away at, and chipped away at, and chipped away at. Right at the end of the movie (around 4:08), you can see the depth chart in the lower left start to adjust its scale as the red wall's height gets reduced enough that it is similar in height to the green line, and then drops all the way to the X axis and the price rises above $300. So it is possible to break through walls like that, but it's not an every-day occurrence. 
@_date: 2017-11-06 00:18:55
I don't think it would be too difficult, since the ratio of discount would be fixed, so just one more multiplication for clients to make? Sites like  would be more helpful if they presented values as  satoshis per weight unit rather than per byte in that situation.
@_date: 2015-08-18 11:22:03


"losing fork" != "altcoin"
An "altcoin" uses separate ports to communicate in a peer-to-peer network, and has a separate transaction pool, in addition to working on a separate blockchain. If both forks of Bitcoin continue to try to grow, any transaction that spends old coins (from before the fork) could potentially end up on both chains (a double-spend). That possibility would get less and less as the chain grew, but would always be possible. There's other differences, but that would be the big one.
@_date: 2017-11-20 14:35:25
Oh, you're right, I've got that reversed! Being that the OP was suggesting a limit price well under the current valuation I got that reversed. You're right; the price wouldn't rise above that point, but could fall below it.
@_date: 2017-11-23 20:28:57
Minecraft in real life!
@_date: 2017-11-02 11:18:22
Diagram I created for an upcoming Meetup entitled "What the Fork?" in which I'm going to go over blockchain forks in general, as well as the forks that are currently happening and planned on the Bitcoin blockchain.
I know there's a few other diagrams that have been created that are similar, but I created this one custom in order to illustrate the block heights and dates, to show Segregated Witness' activation as a change (soft fork), as well as the naming soup we're ending up with, of which chain's claiming which name.
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:41:23
BCH holders will _not_ get additional coins in the Segwit2x/Core fork, because both those coins/chains are already a separate fork from BCH. Only (current) BTC coins will become two in that particular fork
@_date: 2017-11-07 18:09:40
The protocol itself doesn't need to be "defended", but if you believe in the philosophy behind a particular implementation/fork, that is the thing that needs support (or "defending" if you want to label it that). 
If all hashpower leaves the Core/1x chain, having a full node won't allow you to do transactions on that chain, since no new blocks would be added. Having some people bring in slow miners (mining at a loss because they believe in the project) to get some blocks added even if slowly will allow the chain to advance, and the difficulty algorithm to work it's way down to where the adjusted, real mining power is for that chain. After the difficulty is adjusted down, miners can stop mining at a loss, and the rate of blocks being added will stabilize to 10 minutes again.
Because the Core client's logic is not like Bitcoin Cash's "emergency difficulty adjustment" where difficulty can adjust if no blocks are found, and not like Bitcoin's testnet logic (where difficulty temporarily gets set to minimum if no blocks are found); in order for the difficulty to adjust, blocks need to be found to make it to the next difficulty adjustment checkpoint.
So, the logic of the protocol says that if a particular fork has not enough miners, it should just die, and it has no emotional attachment to it. If people do have an emotional attachment to it, and want to push through that, it would mean mining at a loss for enough time to reach a difficulty adjustment point (possibly several difficulty adjustment points if the adjustment still doesn't make mining profitable).
But this assumes all hash power and value leaves a chain. In reality, if even some value remains, miners who don't have a philosophical attachment to a particular project will simply hop around to whatever's most profitable. If the value is the highest on a particular chain, or there's minimal competition from other miners, that will incentivize pure-profit-seeking miners to contribute. So a blend of the two could keep a minority chain alive.
@_date: 2017-11-19 13:52:09
When on the "send" transaction screen, the fee drop-down has a "custom" option, which allows you to then key in an exact value.
@_date: 2017-11-21 21:11:31
The standard grocery store purchase model (user physically goes to store, picks out goods over some short period of time, and then cashes out when leaving the store) doesn't fit perfectly in this model, since it already is in its own way a series of micro-transactions (users taking items off the shelf and putting them in their cart). You could start eating "your" groceries while still in the store (if you haven't paid for them, they're not legally yours yet, but there's a halfway, implied ownership for items that are in your cart while in a grocery store); there's an implied promise that you're going to "settle up" with the store at the end of the transaction, but with the current situation, it's on trust that you'll pay as you leave, and won't just completely eat that cucumber before getting to the cashier.
In that standard model, users go to the grocery store once a week, or every-other week. Now, compare that to a grocery delivery service, where users place an order for how much food they need each day. If today they didn't eat as much and they have leftovers, it would be great to adjust their order for tomorrow to just not get as much food. That allows for constantly self-adjusting orders, less food waste, and less need for the buyers to store the food long-term. A grocery delivery service like that might keep a running transaction going over the course of a week (opening the channel with approximately how much they think they'll spend on groceries, adding each day's total to the transaction) and only close out the channel at the end of the week (for how much it actually cost). In that model, the frequency the grocery store gets paid is the same as the standard model. However, there's now built in trust to allow aborting a transaction half-way if either party needs to (user suddenly needs to leave town for a family emergency, they can cancel the next few day's delivery. With a standard grocery purchase, they risk the food they already purchased going bad in their refrigerator while they're out of town).
So, the way Lightning Networks can be thought of is to unwind any of the transactions we do today that currently bundle several things up and unwind them into smaller pieces: Salary paychecks paid out daily instead of bi-weekly, monthly subscription services paid for the days you use it (or the reverse gym membership, where you pay for days you _don't_ use it), restaurant meals where each item is added as it's ordered, carnival games where you don't have to exchange money for tokens/tickets first, etc. Some of these will have some detriment for the business end (subscription services make money when you pay for the service and then don't use it), and some have a detriment to the user (paying in advance for a restaurant bill anticipating how much you'll spend could be annoying), but the benefit for both is the added security that comes with not needing to trust the other party. In this new model, the time between receiving payments as a company doesn't have to change (restaurants still get paid at the end of the diner's meal) if they don't want it to. But it gives the flexibility to make it a longer-running relationship if that's desired, with no need for further trust. So if the reason why they weren't wanting a longer-running "open tab" is simply trust, Lightning Networks make that not a concern.
@_date: 2017-11-15 20:46:19
So, it could use the average timestamp of the last _N_ blocks (including the one just being mined) compared to the _N_ blocks before the one being added?
If _N_ is 10, and initially there were evenly-spaced blocks of 10 minutes between them, adding a new block 10 minutes after the last would shift the average time forward 10 minutes. Spoofing the timestamp of the new block 2 hours (120 minutes) forward would only shift the average time forward 22 minutes.
So, if the rules say that there's only a bonus to block size if the average shifts 30 minutes or more, it would take a 210 minute gap, which would either be a 90-minute gap and then spoofing the time two hours into the future, or an honest 3.5 hour gap.
It's an interesting idea, though yes would need more finessing on how the times are calculated and how much the bonus is.
@_date: 2017-11-15 04:39:31
@_date: 2017-11-22 20:08:04
But for clients where their only connection is to the satellite link, they'll have no frame of reference to know if they're operating on an orphaned branch.
@_date: 2017-11-03 14:27:50


That depends on your definition of "hurt" and your definition of "equal value". If you mean "equal fiat values of BCH and BTC", that would mean holding $100 worth of BTC and $100 worth of BCH. In that situation if one tanks, you lose half your bankroll. As you said it (equal amounts, in their own units), meaning holding 0.25 BTC and 0.25 BCH, if the BTC side tanks, it's a much more punishing loss than if the BCH side tanks.
One way to look at it is if you believe both will survive and go up, you should hold a value split in proportion to the odds you think that coin will grow faster (25% chance BCH will outperform BTC? Then your BCH holdings should be 25% the value of your BTC holdings)
@_date: 2017-11-20 12:24:22
localbitcoins.com will let you sell directly, face to face with someone. Buying gift cards using gyft.com with bitcoins does not avoid taxes on the bitcoins sold; it still gives a value to the amount of coins you no longer earn, so capital gains tax is still owed on the difference between that price and the price you bought them at.
@_date: 2017-11-20 12:18:02
I've used it for several purchases with no major difficulties. They have a rating system for buyers/sellers, and the admins responded quickly the one time I had a buyer flake out on an order.
@_date: 2017-11-30 22:31:51
The OP posted a message to verify ownership of those funds. I've taken the time to verify the integrity of that message and found this:
The address listed (`34WbSyrtibUJiFbRa7ukLC8RGdFMnQRn4b`) does indeed have 25 BTC coming into it (viewable [on blockchain.info]( ***however, that transaction has not yet confirmed*** meaning it's possible the owner of that account could double-spend it to redirect the funds elsewhere, still.
However, the signature given for the message "Give Bitcoin this Christmas" with that address ***does not*** validate properly (tested using [blockexplorer]( [coinig]( [bitcoin.com]( and [reinproject]( message verification tools; I tried both with the quotes around the message, and without).
Formatted message used to attempt verification with the reinproject tool:
    -----BEGIN BITCOIN SIGNED MESSAGE-----
    Give Bitcoin this Christmas
    -----BEGIN BITCOIN SIGNATURE-----
    Address: 34WbSyrtibUJiFbRa7ukLC8RGdFMnQRn4b
    
    I8vZgsyOb1CKbTjo/Mravp03yIFnC94GNTVYOkBbhIUPUajfKPg4nh8zj7dWu5qzev2nsAtByLwpHHDnVwyAxsI=
    -----END BITCOIN SIGNATURE-----
OP, can you try signing that message again, to prove you own that address? Any other developers in this thread; is there something I did wrong attempting to validate this message? Anyone else able to get it to show as a valid signature?
Additionally, the address being used for payouts is a "pay to script hash" account (starts with a '3'), but it received the funds from a standard address (`1LHBsLa1rAHXEyvH2PCB3CAJM5aegEWYCq`). The "pay to script" address may be a SegWit address, or it may be some other script; cannot tell.
**EDIT:** Doing more research on this, the issue is that "Pay to script hash" addresses are unable to be used as the source of a signed message since there's no consistent, agreed-upon way to structure those sorts of signatures (yet).  So, not a sign of any wrongdoing, but that message/signature doesn't prove the ownership of those 25 BTC in a trustless way.
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:50:33
I don't think so; I think in that case they get an email saying "Hey, someone sent you some money; come make an account and you can claim it"
@_date: 2017-11-21 13:59:45
Other way around; Bech32 is the format that starts with "bc1"
@_date: 2017-11-07 17:39:28
Agreed! "Safe to hold, spending is the danger" is true for paper wallets and all other wallets where you hold the private keys and are the one generating the transaction(s).
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:40:50
Only if they wanted to sell the crypto-assets and get USD for them. If they only wanted to spend/send the crypto-assets already in their wallet, a bank account isn't needed for that. Though I don't know if Coinbase would force them to do so just to sign up for an account.
@_date: 2017-11-24 04:29:08
Yes, there are several client implementations being worked on, and the integration tests between them are nearly all complete now, so shouldn't be too much longer!
@_date: 2017-11-20 12:32:27
If doing that sale on a single exchange, you could set a sell order for $7,000 for those 30,000 bitcoins, and it would eat up all the orders for people willing to pay more than $7,000 for those coins. No one individual exchange currently has enough buyers who'd be willing to buy at that level. So, you could either leave your selling order there, open, and any new interested parties could buy whatever of the 30,000 were left until it was completely eaten up. The price (on that exchange) would not fall below $7,000 during that time if you went that route.
If you wanted to sell all your coins _now_, for whatever you can get for them, that could eat up all the orders down to $5,000 or less (which is why some people are saying the price could drop to that level).
If you're happy getting $7,000/coin, and don't want it all to sell immediately, setting a limit sell on an exchange will guarantee that for you. And actually, you'd not be the first; the [Bearwhale]( sold 30,000 coins at $300 back in the day, which held the price there until all interested parties bought up all the coins.
@_date: 2017-11-18 15:05:13
Anyone who's simply looking at the total number of transactions in the mempool as a sign of how "full" it is isn't analyzing it properly. When any user creates a transaction at a given fee structure all transactions with fees less than it can be treated like they don't exist; they very likely won't get included in a block before that user's. That's why the charts on [that page]( allow you to click a given payment level to eliminate all transactions less than that level. 
The screenshot in the OP shows that instead of the overall total number of transactions in the mempool dropping down from 60k through 40k to a lower amount, it's now hovering around 40-50k.
However, in order to get a transaction included in a block relatively quickly, a user only needs to put in 20 sat/byte, while at the beginning of the chart, it was at least 40 sat/byte.
A "spammer" (or naive user) could send 100,000 transactions into the mempool at 5 sat/byte right now, and the situation wouldn't change; a new transaction would only need 20 sat/byte to get into a new block. **The total count of transactions in the mempool is not the important metric.**
@_date: 2017-11-07 22:48:18
No, the point of hardware wallets is the private key never leaves the device. Once initialized, there's no option to export the private keys.
Instead, during initialization, typically a seed phrase is generated and shown to the user exactly once. That seed phrase is a known standard that can be used in other wallets (software or hardware) should the original hardware fail and cannot be replaced.
@_date: 2017-11-01 15:33:58
@_date: 2017-11-07 17:45:35
Did Ethereum Classic (ETC) have a futures market before it forked? That's one more example of a hard-forked blockchain-based asset where the forked coin became the minority one. The ETC line was viewed as the minority, and its price fell with respect to ETH and has stayed there.
@_date: 2017-11-20 19:09:47
If you're looking for a more non-biased (either way) graphic, I created [this one]( for a talk I gave for overall information about Bitcoin's recent forks.
@_date: 2017-11-03 21:37:42
Why bother selling it? Because if we look to splits like the Ethereum/Ethereum Classic split and the Bitcoin/Bitcoin Cash split, one side rapidly loses value, and generally stays as the minority player. If you got that 0.25/0.25 (e.g.) split due to holding coins of the parent coin before the split, the moment of the split your portfolio is worth 200% of what it was, but as the one falls and you "just HODL", it will fall to maybe 120% of what it was.
Yes, you did get an increase. But it's way less of an increase than if you sold the declining coin at some point on the slide down.
@_date: 2019-04-18 12:46:46
It wasn't represented by anything tangible like an Ethereum token; it was just "colored coins" that participants agreed indicated "having" it and "passing it on"
EDIT: Downvotes with no replies? Was what I said inaccurate...?
@_date: 2017-11-30 22:38:56
Oh? Did TREZOR add some means of signing into their wallet interface? Last [I checked]( there was no standard for how to sign a message from a SegWit address, so their interface didn't even give you the option.
@_date: 2017-11-30 22:48:37
Aha, yes, doing more digging on my own, there is no (consistent, reliable) way for "pay to script hash" addresses to sign a message the way that standard addresses can, so that's why they're all failing.
Even if the transaction won't likely be double-spent, (playing devil's advocate here) there's still not the proof that it's the OP's wallet and not just some other user who happened to move 25 BTC today. You and others may be able to vouch for the OP as a personal relationship, but in an effort to show off how Bitcoin doesn't need to rely on trust, one thing you could do is sign a message from the `1LHBsLa1rAHXEyvH2PCB3CAJM5aegEWYCq` address (the address that funded the `34WbSyrtibUJiFbRa7ukLC8RGdFMnQRn4b` address). That one is a standard ("Legacy", in the TREZOR wallet) address, so should be able to make a standard transaction, and we can all see that it held at least 25 BTC shortly ago.
@_date: 2017-11-01 13:17:42
To be "ready for advanced features", apparently. I'm guessing it will allow apps completely self-contained to the Trezor, where it could be powered by a wall outlet (not a computer), load a transaction off the SD card, sign it, and write it back to the card, to be brought back to a networked computer to broadcast?
@_date: 2017-11-30 21:57:16
The [Cystic Fibrosis Foundation]( (CFF)
They gather funds to support research for finding a cure for the ~70,000 individuals struggling with Cystic Fibrosis worldwide.
The Foundation itself has been recognized as one of the few medical-treatment-focused charities that's actually seen new drugs and treatments come to market because of their funding that have significantly extended the lives of those patients they're seeking to help.
@_date: 2017-11-19 14:23:01
For cash, you can exchange with another person at 
For using other currencies (USD, etc.), most online exchanges (GDAX, Kraken, Bitstamp, etc.) will give you the ability to hook up your bank account for an ACH transfer to fund using USD to purchase bitcoins.
@_date: 2019-12-02 11:49:23
Didn't watch the entire video, I see?
She goes on to show the private key device, and explain how that's the critical part to keep safe; she definitely knows what she's taking about.
@_date: 2019-04-01 21:53:01


False. A Lightning node does not need to be online *constantly*, it only needs to be online at least once and a while. Each node can set how often the "close without the other party agreeing" timeout for their channels are. So, if running a node on a phone or device that may only be online once a day, set the timeout to be a week, and you're only at risk if you go offline for more than a week solid. If using a server that's more reliable, you can set it shorter. If more risk-averse, you can set it longer.


You also can't *force* Amazon.com to keep its servers up and running, and yet they do a bunch of business each day. Keeping a Lightning node up-and-running currently takes some technical expertise, but that's largely because it's new. Keeping an Apache webserver up-and-running is a well-established process since it's been around for a while, and running a Lightning node could become that too over time.
@_date: 2019-04-30 18:52:11
Nice set of tools for experimenting with the concepts! Might be good to have canned options to show known test vectors (e.g. from the [BIP32 proposal]( for the HD wallet derivation), to prove that your scripts are doing the processing as designed by the different protocols.
!lntip 2000
@_date: 2019-04-25 21:56:36


There's no difference if you sell your crypto for a good/service or for another type of crypto, it's still a taxable event (at least in the US, under capital gains rules).
@_date: 2019-04-03 21:24:19


Very similar interface at [ (developed by Kraken), but with more config settings and market options.
@_date: 2019-04-02 06:04:16
So, you're not going to admit your made a mistake, and instead just move the goalposts?
The average person isn't going to manually set up a Lightning node; they'll use a wallet that has a node integrated, which can be non-custodial, and secured just fine. Try the latest version of the Eclair wallet: you get your own Lightning node, and avoid the command line, if you want.
@_date: 2017-11-21 13:59:09
Yes, those are real SegWit addresses; those sorts of addresses can be shown two different ways, one with a "3" and one with a "bc1", so you're good; they're the same thing
@_date: 2019-04-30 18:37:33
No; very different concepts.
@_date: 2018-11-01 01:18:15
Here's an example of a similar project: [Bancor working in Kenya](
For merchants who currently accept only fiat and don't want to change, integrating a pay server like CoinGate gives them the option to accept payments in crypto, but convert it back to fiat. Then you can slowly work on incentives to have the merchants keep the crypto in crypto.
@_date: 2018-11-25 14:33:11
A reminder: bitcoins can be split into many, many smaller pieces; even when the price is sky-high for a whole Bitcoin, you can always start getting involved by buying a fraction of a coin.
@_date: 2018-11-15 23:30:47
Agreed. It's more accurate to say ABC miners are mining what's in the mempool and not adding fluff to fill blocks artificially.
@_date: 2018-03-09 22:19:43
to give that tool a try:
- Go to 
- Ensure the "Function" drop-down is "AES"
- Put the "encrypted string" you have into the "Input Text"
- I'm guessing it's a hex-encoded string? If so, hit the "Hex" toggle
- Put in the password you're sure you know into the "Key" field, leave its toggle as "plaintext", and click "Decrypt"
- Hopefully, whatever is revealed in the decrypted data is your private key. Copy the hex version of that result.
- Go to BitAddress.org and click on "Wallet Details"
- Paste in the hex you got from the decryption, and stick an "0x" on the front of it so it knows it's in hex format, and click "View Details".
- If it says that's valid and gives you a public key, take that public key to a block explorer and see how many coins it holds.
@_date: 2018-11-26 21:36:52
The exploit was in a Javascript module, so unlikely to affect an iOS app, unless the app is developed using Cordova or a similar setup that compiles Javascript in to iOS binaries.
@_date: 2018-03-10 00:23:35
Sure! There's plenty of additional steps that could be done to layer in more security, but don't know OPs tech level. Could load the website, then disconnect from network access, or pay for their pro service for HTTPS. I could write a script for OP to run locally to do the AES decryption, but then OP would have to trust me. Ideally OP would write their own script, but that's not always a possibility
@_date: 2018-11-26 22:52:12
Ah, yes; all forms of the Copay wallet would be affected, including their iOS app. original question was about ***an*** iOS app, which I interpreted as ***any*** iOS app, not just Copay's, hence my answer.
@_date: 2018-11-26 19:00:39
The malicious exploit seems to have been published October 5th, 2018 (version 0.1.1 of the `flatmap-stream` library: [ If you use Copay wallet and installed or upgraded Copay after that date, it's possible you're affected. If you are using Copay, quit the application and don't launch the Copay wallet until some solution is posted; running the wallet software itself triggers the exploit.
@_date: 2018-11-19 13:56:28
Multiple dead app links, and multi-level marketing platforms? Not a lot of quality in this list...
@_date: 2018-03-20 18:49:26
Given the issue being fixed here is the possibility of a bad actor installing a firmware version on your Ledger that can get around the verification, and Saleem's description of one of the attack vectors being tricked into installing a bad "Ledger Manager" software, _how do I determine whether that hasn't already happened to me_?
If I want to upgrade my Ledger device to the genuine 1.4.1 firmware, how do I determine that the "Ledger Manager" software I have is genuine, and that the identifier that it shows for the firmware bundle it's installing is actually the identifier of that binary, and that the identifier is the expected official 1.4.1 identifier?
Ledger's [support article]( uses v1.4.1 of the firmware and seems to show `2E88...F573` as the identifier of that version. Is that correct? Is there another site that can also vouch for what the real identifier for the 1.4.1 firmware should be?
@_date: 2018-02-08 17:26:38


"Never"? Well, then welcome to the show! If you take a look [here]( (looking at the mempool over the last year), there's several times when the absolute count of pending transactions has been lower than it is now ([annotated graph]( for posterity), most recently just in mid-October 2017.
But also, sheer number of pending transactions doesn't really indicate much about the health of the economy/network around it: someone could add a million 1 sat/byte transactions to the pool, and the network would still operate just fine (and people who wanted to get into the next block would just have to pay 2 sat/byte to jump the line).
@_date: 2019-01-29 13:45:10


In first world countries, the average user uses credit cards, PayPal, Venmo or similar because it's convenient (don't need to carry exact change in cash) and trusted (the companies behind them). Bitcoin allows the same convenience, with added security (better "passwords", and trust in Math, not companies).
In third world countries, the average user is "unbanked", either due to there being no banking system (to expensive to implement) or corrupt (censors/charges exorbitantly). Bitcoin creates access to pay others securely, with a much cheaper setup, and corruption-free transparency.
@_date: 2018-02-27 22:03:10


Alternatively, make a BTC purchase, and then immediately use your fiat to purchase more BTC to fill in the deficit. That way you're still keeping your overall savings the same, and still participating in the economy.
@_date: 2018-11-20 16:23:18
One of the aspects of Bitcoin I've found interesting is that as a technology, it's not just the first world users getting involved. Typically with a new technology, first world countries can buy and start using it first, and other countries lag behind. But with Bitcoin, users from third world countries are getting involved, and to a greater degree than first world. Here in America, we have access to credit cards, PayPal, ApplePay, Venmo, etc. The pure features of Bitcoin aren't any more than those (you can pay people with it. That's it.), so only the people who care about how the systems operate are the ones motivated to switch. So, we could as a community drive for merchant adoption, but I don't think that will be enough to get users to switch. Until there's enough identity thefts, and enough people affected by data breeches that they start to care about how the system operates will they start demanding change.
I think the key thing in first world countries that can drive adoption is implementing "sign in with your crypto wallet" with more websites; using that much better public/private key encryption to sign in, and getting a common UI experience around it. Showing users how easy that can be to be more secure, and as a byproduct having a crypto wallet available to them is an extra bonus...!
@_date: 2019-01-28 17:17:23
You create a Blockstream Satellite receiver: [
@_date: 2019-01-03 13:37:34
There's the "pivot" for the banks as the money-exchanging aspect of their business model shrivels up in favor of cryptocurrencies: they expand their vault sizes, and become primarily "rent a safe" businesses, where they can tout guards, fire suppression, and other physical security measures that a safe hidden in your personal home couldn't offer.
@_date: 2017-09-16 03:51:47
I put together a sheet/dashboard with several calculations for some questions/frames of reference I find myself calculating frequently or hearing others do as the price fluctuates:
- How much BTC would I need to be a millionaire right now?
- In order for BTC to hit $10,000, what percent increase is that?
- How much is one Tesla worth in BTC right now?
- I know the dollars 1 BTC is worth, how much BTC is one dollar worth?
Possibly a useful reference for others, so thought I'd share!
@_date: 2017-09-05 11:21:30


The issue here is that BIP38 wallets are a single address. The situation I was asking about were "seed phrases" (from Electrum wallets, or BIP39 Hierarchical Deterministic wallets (HD Wallets)), where there are many, many public addresses behind that one seed (so you can spread your funds around and not be obvious how many assets you have.
So, yes, you can directly use SSSS with a BIP38 address' password, but I'd rather not use a BIP38 address which gives up a bit of privacy/anonymity.
@_date: 2018-02-04 20:43:05


That's pretty much true of buying _anything_, not just Bitcoin. If an in-person cash purchase of BTC is risky, then there's ways to manage that risk, same as making a cash purchase of anything is risky (did you get a receipt? Did you use an escrow agent? Did you and your partner get recorded doing the transaction?)
@_date: 2018-02-25 22:32:43
To be accurate, the charts you linked to shows BCH averaging around 60 kb/block; so that chain is definitely are filling more than 1kb into blocks, but if that chain had a blocksize limit of 100 kb/block, they'd not be suffering any, currently.
@_date: 2018-03-06 14:46:14


You don't calculate capital gains just based on the value of the coins you hold. From your description, you invested ~$100,000. So that's your "cost basis" for whatever amount of bitcoin you bought at that time.
If around the end of December 2017 you had ~$1,000,000 worth of BTC, that means you had about 67 BTC.


If you sold all 67 BTC in December 2017, yes, you'd have made about $900,000 in profit (and you'd have $1,000,000 USD in your bank account). If so, you'd owe short term capital gains on that, so you'd have to dip into your $1,000,000 to pay $450,000. That would leave you with $350,000 in your bank account; much smaller, but not "everything is gone".
If, on the other hand _you didn't sell your bitcoins in December_ (which it sounds like you didn't), you don't owe any capital gains tax on bitcoins you didn't sell. Assuming you didn't sell any of your 67 BTC in December, if you sold all your 67 BTC now, according to your numbers, you'd get $550,000 in your bank account. That would mean you'd have a short-term capital gain of $450,000, meaning around $225,000 in taxes. If you paid that tax off, you'd still have $225,000 left in the bank (again, that's a lot less, but not "everything is gone").
@_date: 2017-09-30 22:07:23
That's accurate from the perspective of someone who believes the Core client is "Bitcoin" but remember that the NYA signers are considering what they're doing to be the true "Bitcoin". So if they're still holding to that mentality, the "in case we support _it_", where _it_ is the forked chain, they view Core as the forking chain, so you _might_ be able to access your Core coins on their wallet, but not guaranteed.
@_date: 2017-09-16 03:45:22
Sad news guys; the dollar really fell in value today to only 26,000 satoshis. Hopefully you sold a day ago when it was stronger; around 31,000 satoshis!
@_date: 2017-09-11 12:18:11
Someone who knows your email address (either friend or scammer) could have easily filled out the "Create New Account" giving your email address, which would have triggered this (genuine) email.
Or, someone sent you funds within Coinbase sent to your email address (not to a Bitcoin address directly). Coinbase does off-chain transactions directly between members like that, which would make that a genuine email too.
@_date: 2017-09-11 16:32:40
?? Okay; if you don't want a Coinbase account, do nothing (ignore it). If you do want a Coinbase account, click the button. The issue here isn't that Coinbase sent you an email; there's several legitimate reasons why they should and did send you an email, so your beef should be with the step prior to that, not with Coinbase itself.
Same as if someone used your email to sign you up for some other web service; that service would send you a welcome email even if it wasn't you who actually filled out the form.
@_date: 2018-02-04 20:40:00


Currently, yes, because the Lightning Network doesn't exist yet. As soon as it exists as an entity/network, there's a business opportunity for companies to offer buying BTC directly within the Lightning Network. So someone with zero BTC can pay a company (fiat, or some other off-chain transaction) and the company will open a Lightning Network payment channel to the end user, loading it with the company's funds, and then send the funds to the end user's end of the payment channel. The user then has credit on the Lightning Network and can either spend it there or cash out.
You do have to start with owning BTC currently in order to participate in the Lightning Network, but in the very short future that's expected to not be a prerequisite at all, making it simpler for all.
@_date: 2018-03-27 06:06:20
An alternate possibility would be to have just one be the "real" node (phone, likely), and then set up the others as personal Watchtowers, such that you're not having to trust a third party watchtower service, and there's redundancy if your phone is offline for a while
@_date: 2017-09-23 18:18:30
Strings ending in a double-equals like that are likely base-64-encoded. That's typically used for saving binary data in text files, so doesn't help distinguish what sort of data it is.
Try installing the Bitcoin Core client, fire it up once and then quit, replace the `wallet.dat` file with your backup file, fire the client back up again and see what it says when you've synced up.
@_date: 2017-10-01 05:17:22
Right, but "the fork" is the Core chain, to those who support the NYA. That's the whole reason behind their stance on replay protection too: "the chain forking off should provide replay protection, and since it's Core that's forking, they're the ones who should" is their stance.
@_date: 2017-10-19 18:31:08
The other alternative is fly from US to Zimbabwe with your mobile wallet, sell small fractions of bitcoin to local Zimbabweans for their USD cash, fly back to the US with the cash, purchase more bitcoin and repeat?
So how much cash can you take on an airplane coming back from an international destination, and would the markup pay for the round-trip plane ticket to Zimbabwe?
@_date: 2017-09-01 11:45:08
Use the tools provided by Ledger to verify the integrity of your device before using it, if you got it from a third-party. No harm in double-checking they didn't install any custom firmware or modified the internals!
@_date: 2017-09-05 11:24:54
I think the idea is that she has parts that are copies of the ones she gave to her brothers. So she has one part that's unique to her that no one else has, one that matches the one in the trust, and another that matches one of the brothers. For her to access her funds while alive, she needs the help of one more brother to reconstruct it. But after her death, it will take all the brothers together plus the one locked in the trust to give them access.
@_date: 2017-10-04 14:18:33




The difference between "Soft" vs "Hard" forking doesn't matter when it comes to "airdropping" or your coins "becoming" something else. When there's any fork at all, it means that coins that existed before the fork (were written in the ledger as "Address A has X coins") are now recorded in two places: each of the fork heads has a copy of the whole history, so each separate fork head now has that "Address A has X coins" record. If both fork heads exist long term, you could put a label on them each ("Core" and "2x", "Bitcoin" and "Chinacoin", "Bitcoin" and "Corecoin", whatever), and therefore "Address A" has equal amounts of whatever the two are, since both have record of "Address A has X coins".
If there's a way to create transactions on only one of the two fork ends ("replay protection"), you can transact on only that one side, and treat them as separate assets. So yes, if you have bitcoins right now, whenever a fork happens (for whatever reason), you'll have assets on both chains. Minor chain forks happen all the time (which is why there's consensus rules and the idea to wait for 6 confirmations), so you don't need to pay attention to those. But ones that end up lasting for a while, you could consider a separate asset and dump/trade/hodl one or the other.
To make that last commenter make sense, remember that from the big-blocker's perspective, the potential fork head that's increasing the blocksize they're calling "Bitcoin" (others will label that one "2x" or "BTC1") and the other one "BCore" (which others will label as "Bitcoin"). Figuring out which one is the one getting the label "Bitcoin" is part of this debate, and honest parties will be open about giving enough information for you to figure out which one they're referring to (like using "Core" and "2x" rather than using "Bitcoin" and "the hard-forkers", since that could go either way). So, changing that commenter's labels, to be clear what they're referring to, "If we look at the bright side, you can dump the Core client coins, a free airdrop, to buy more on the 2x fork."
@_date: 2017-09-23 18:30:07


The passphrase that hardware wallets use is a standard (BIP39), so there are many software packages (e.g. Electrum) that allow you to continue to access your coins (in a less secure way, since it's not on separate hardware now) if your hardware wallet breaks, or you can restore to another hardware wallet and continue on your merry way.
A single paper wallet is exactly one address. A hardware wallet manages a whole "tree" of addresses (a Hierarchical Deterministic Wallet), which adds anonymity and safety (not all your eggs in one basket), so has those advantages over keeping just one paper wallet.
@_date: 2017-10-28 19:40:03
The [other thread] ( on this has several links for the various laws. I think the summary is if it's an individual (not a company) doing the trade and it's less than $3K/person/day it's okay? This guy was running a business, so violated the first part, making the dollar amounts not matter, but for other people selling as an individual person, the $3K limit applies
@_date: 2017-10-30 23:09:23
True, though "works for me, on my phone, with my scanning app" and "works for most users, in most devices" can be quite different. I've done graphic design work for placing logos in QR codes in the past, and yes, you can mangle them quite a bit and still be scannable under ideal conditions. But the built in error correction can only account for so many errors in the scan. If you "use up" some of those corrections with color changes or logo insertion, then if the code gets dirty, or someone's trying to scan from further away, it might not work since too many things aren't as they should anymore.
@_date: 2017-10-09 21:56:23
Coinbase's [most recent stance]( is that they will provide their users access to coins on both forks (though they haven't mentioned what they'll label the two forks as; one of them will likely be "Bitcoin", but which one they haven't specifically said yet). So if you trust that, then yes, Coinbase is one of the places where you can leave your coins during the split to get access to both flavors of coin.
@_date: 2017-10-10 21:18:50
@_date: 2017-09-01 11:43:14
Interesting; and people are saying similar things about Venezuela; that there's really not that many people there using Bitcoin to relieve their current financial issues.  But what I hear in that is that for the few that try, it _is_ being successful. Wouldn't it  be good/helpful if more Venezuelans (since it's a current crisis) were informed of Bitcoin and taught how to use it? It's all well-and-good for Americans to get their extended relatives in America involved, but it just seemed to me that there's possibilities for even greater benefits if we focused on international community growth.
@_date: 2017-10-18 23:15:47
The Bitcoin Cash fork already happened, yes. If you had Bitcoin back then, you instantly had an equal amount of Bitcoin Cash. But that won't happen again; if you buy bitcoins now, you'll very likely just get that, no extra Bitcoin Cash on the side.
@_date: 2018-02-19 20:26:48
So, high risk of someone getting trapped in one if someone closed the door while they were inside?
@_date: 2017-09-11 16:19:03
Right, they generated it in response to something; either filling out the "Create Account" form (which since they use Email as a unique identifier, if someone clams to have Email XYZ, they would send an email like this to Email XYZ to verify that fact first), or some existing user attempting to send funds to that email.
You're free to ignore it; the worst that could happen is some buddy coming up to you in a month asking "Hey, did you get that $10 I sent you through Coinbase?" and you having to tell them to re-send it a different way.
@_date: 2017-10-21 12:31:34
@_date: 2017-10-12 19:37:37
Good prediction; spot on!
@_date: 2017-10-12 18:07:30
Oh yes, I was gloating on Facebook this morning!
@_date: 2018-02-17 19:48:49
Coinbase's fees are a "convenience" fee; they abstract away the wall-street-like exchange process and just give users a single value to buy at, and they offer to be that other party to buy from. The fees are higher there because you're paying someone to do the work for you. If you want to DIY, Coinbase offers the GDAX interface, where there's no fees since you do everything yourself.
@_date: 2018-02-04 04:56:32
I see the Lightning Network enabling many of the transactions we lump together today to be broken apart in to several, smaller transactions, which will help minimize the trust needed between merchant and buyer:
- Pay for restaurant appetizer, main course, and desert separately; no more washing dishes if you can't pay at the end, nor a restaurant needing to worry about the possibility of someone "running out on the check".
- Services you pay for monthly paying daily or more: pay for Netflix or your internet connection daily. Want to switch to a competitor? No questions about getting pro-rated for the fraction of a month you didn't use.
- Grocery shopping, where when you put the item in your cart, you pay for it immediately (and get a refund if you put it back on the shelf)
- The concept of "shopping carts" in digital purchases could go away completely; you enter your shipping address before starting to shop, you flag things you want, and at the end of the day, anything you didn't decide you really didn't want and returned gets bundled up and shipped to you. That gives you some leeway to decide to cancel the shipment for physical goods, and for things like event tickets, the moment you "reserve" a ticket the payment can get sent for it, rather than "you have X minutes to finish your purchase before your hold is released".
@_date: 2018-02-27 22:32:09
If you as a user already have the means to exchange fiat for BTC, if you actively use your BTC and buy more (adding fiat value into the BTC economy), it provides the option for the recipient of your funds (merchant) to transition to using just BTC (if enough people do that, the merchant doesn't have to touch fiat at all). As this merchant OP indicated, they're using the BTC to pay their vendors (keeping the BTC in the economy rather than just cashing it out). If you as a user want to encourage use and adoption (which will in turn drive up demand, which will drive up the value per coin), actively using the coins (especially at vendors who are working to keep the BTC moving in the system rather than cashing out to fiat) is a good way to do that.
Yes, there's fraud concerns, but the crypto space is aware of that, and both the merchants and other users know that trust is important in this space. If a merchant turns shady, people start posting about them and they lose out their customers. Doesn't help the people they defrauded, but it does have some repercussions. As the Lightning Network concept is getting fleshed out, "atomic swaps" and other proofs of payment (e.g. using preimage values as [Lazlo used to buy pizza again]( can be incorporated to add more safety, and if web-of-trust systems can get off the ground, that will be another way to build up a reputation of who's trusted merchants and buyers.
@_date: 2017-10-12 18:59:00
Yes, I got him to invest; the bet was part of me educating him, so he's celebrating too. It was more like:
Me: "Now that you're invested, your bitcoins will likely go up in value just sitting there; even if you're not gaining interest in bitcoin, they'll likely go up in value against the dollar. I bet they'll even cross $5,000 by the end of the year!"
Him: "There's no possible way it would rise that high that fast!"
Me: "Bet you a lobster dinner it will..." ��
So really him buying me dinner is somewhat a "thank you for educating me about this possibility that has now paid off!"
@_date: 2017-10-21 19:38:35
Hardware wallets are "Hierarchical Deterministic" (HD) wallets, meaning they manage many private keys for you in a "tree" derived from the one master seed value you know. So, you don't need to move the coins to another hardware wallet, you can simply move them to a new address, generated by the hardware wallet:
Go to the "Receive" tab in your wallet software and copy the address shown there. Then go to the "Send" tab, and for the destination address, put in the address you just copied. You're then sending the coins to yourself, to a new address. But that alone is not enough to guarantee the transaction won't be replayed on both blockchains (see my [other comment](
@_date: 2017-10-12 18:53:19
Here's what Bitcoin's (currently) $88 billion market cap would look like, if placed within xkcd's [Money chart]( That chart is 6 years old, so other things will have changed/scaled too, but for a general idea, it gives a good overall view.
@_date: 2017-10-21 12:28:31
The people who think Bitcoin Cash (BCash) is preferable over Bitcoin tend to frequent that other subreddit more than this one. The price of Bitcoin Cash is at an all time low. The price of Bitcoin is at an all time high. So, going over there and gloating will tend to make you some enemies real fast.
@_date: 2017-10-31 11:33:48
They will know you sent it somewhere. What they don't know is if that new address is yours, or someone else's (it's possible you made a purchase and used those coins to pay for it).
@_date: 2017-10-09 21:32:12
Buying in before the split gives you assets on both chains, so if one goes up and one goes down, you profit either way. Buying after the split, you either have to wait for things to settle (and you miss out on all the "going up" of the one fork outperforming the other) or find an exchange that will reliably let you buy one specific fork's coin in the middle of it all while things are still volatile. 
So, I'd say if using it as an investment, before the fork is better than after; the only big risk would be if the act of forking itself kills _both_ forks). But I'd repeat the old wisdom of "don't invest more than you're willing to lose"; if it's risky (either financially or socially among your family) to invest a certain amount (such that you'd be shamed and secretly trying to hide it), then that amount is too big an amount to risk.
@_date: 2017-10-12 19:43:39


_Trading_ BTC (for some other currency) is most easily facilitated by a third party (who does the matching of buyers with sellers), but it is definitely not a hard requirement; you could just start shouting on the street that you have BTC to sell, and anyone interested could come up to you and do a trade. Third party exchanges can position themselves as a value-add, but if you don't like their offering you don't have to use them, you could use another (unlike Wall Street, where there's no other option), or start your own.
said bitcoins can be _sent_ from user to user without a third party, which is also true. Now we're not talking about a second currency, just sending some bitcoin from Alice to Bob. That gets done directly with no central party able to censor or make an arbitrary rate hike.
@_date: 2017-10-25 18:38:08
You're misquoting only part of a sentence. See [comment]( the full quote is:


if "longest" != "greatest proof-of-work", then it's not "the majority decision", a.k.a. not "Bitcoin".
@_date: 2017-10-31 20:04:14
If you have a debt situation where Alice owes Bob $1, Bob owes Carol $1, and Carol owes Dave $1, would that show up as a debt/derivative of $3, even though in reality $1 of hard asset could resolve it? So is it possible that some chunk of that derivatives market is like that, so it's okay and understood there's not equal money "on each side" of it? Or am I looking at this sideways?
@_date: 2017-10-20 00:35:59
The Ledger Ethereum Chrome app never detects the device is plugged in the first time; it's always a dance of unplug, replug, restart, replug, etc until it detects. Working with MyEtherWallet and Electrum work much more reliably. Needing to do all the data entry on the Ledger screen can be cumbersome and needs to hands (to press two buttons at once to enter a pin); I find the way Trezor shows the number key and lets the computer show the UI is a nice way to play to both devices' (computer and Trezor) strengths
@_date: 2017-10-04 20:10:58
Right, and if it fails, you test it a few more times, and if it keeps failing, you have to figure out where in the long chain of conversions it broke down.
@_date: 2017-10-22 03:40:16
Do you have a computer you trust (one you can control the virus scanner and network access)? If so, install the Electrum client and launch it to create a new wallet. Upon startup it will walk you through creating a new "seed phrase"; write that down in permanent ink on paper and put that paper in a bank safe deposit box.
If the amount of funds you have is small enough you're comfortable walking around with it and have a smartphone, install Mycelium (Android) or Breadwallet (iOS) and create an account there.
Once you have one of those set up, launch the app and go to the "Receive" tab. That will tell you your personal public key. Copy that and go to Coinbase. Go to the "Send" tab. Paste in the address you just copied as the destination. Send a small amount to test you did it all right, and if successful, send the rest of the amount you want to withdraw from Coinbase.
Make sense?
@_date: 2017-10-23 13:47:16
First result in a Google search; not that hard to find: 
@_date: 2017-10-04 05:51:39
I had this thought to; isn't that route like the UASF condition from earlier this summer? Where nodes simply don't relay certain things, ostracizing the other types of nodes?
@_date: 2017-10-12 19:54:04
Or adjust your units: 1 BTC = 1,000 mBTC. So, your statement becomes:
"$5.10 to $5.00 in less than a minute. Then back up to $5.07 per mBTC."
If you're buying in now, and your frame of reference for percent gains starts now, dealing in mBTC is easier to see the percentage changes are volatile, but still manageable.
@_date: 2017-10-21 12:36:50
A shipple? Is that, like, the nipple of a sheep? Or are you accusing me if being a ship? That is so insensitive; I'm clearly an attack helicopter!
@_date: 2017-10-31 17:49:31
And this is why I'm leaning more and more towards those who aren't using traditional economic chart-evaluating tools to guess where Bitcoin's going. It's behaving more like a social network, where the more people know about it, the more valuable the "community" is.
@_date: 2017-10-21 17:23:27


If you're just moving your coins from your own address to a new address, time alone won't be enough to prevent replays. Only if the coins moving contain in the same transaction coins from a coinbase transaction after the fork would that guarantee replay protection.
If neither side creates replay protection, I believe the next best way is if one side has significantly less hash power, you can do it with a "replace by fee, not valid until block height X" transaction. Pick a block height at the tip of the longer side, and transmit. As soon as the longer chain confirms, you have until the slower chain reaches that height to broadcast a replace by fee transaction (higher fee than the first) to send it somewhere else. In that way you get two separate addresses, on the two fork ledgers.
@_date: 2017-10-21 20:17:13
Each of these transfers will require a fee, yes. But all these transfers are likely not time-sensitive, so there's no need to put a high fee on them. If it takes a few hours for you to split your coins, that's probably sufficient. If you have a need to have your coins separated rapidly, yes, you'd need to adjust your fees accordingly.
@_date: 2018-02-18 05:50:01
Receiving the $5 payment for the service you described as being paid directly from an exchange. So, how much blockchain metadata is there is dependant on how that exchange chooses to operate. Most exchanges have a single, large "hot wallet" that all withdraws get sent from. If that's the case, the recipient of the$5 can see it came from an exchange (and can probably figure out which exchange). But to find out who the user was, that would need off chain digging (contacting the exchange and getting access to their user records and KYC info)
@_date: 2017-10-13 20:57:56
or "Asking Jamie Dimon his opinion on Bitcoin is like in the 1980s asking your mail carrier their opinion on email."
@_date: 2017-10-31 11:19:02
More specifically, to _try_ to keep up with your neighbors (possibly not successfully). The implication of the person saying it (or whom it's being said about; the person who is trying to keep up with the Joneses) is that they were behind and are doing something (just bought a car, just enlisted a butler, just redid their deck, etc.) to catch back up. It also has a slightly negative connotation (you typically don't admit that you personally are "keeping up with the Joneses"), since you'd rather have people believe you just have bunches of money and got that new thing because it was easy, not because you had to save for months to get it.
The British comedy "Keeping Up Appearances" I'd say is pretty much a living embodiment of this idea, even though that exact phrase isn't used in the series.
@_date: 2017-10-21 23:14:36


Yes, check the image that's the OP of this thread again. The core Bitcoin chain is right now on the last pink block before the darker "SegwitGold" (or, as anyone who's not a Bitcoin Cash supporter calls it, "Bitcoin Gold") branch forms (the rest of that graph is expected future state, based on what some groups have said they'd do)
Glad to be of help!
@_date: 2018-07-23 22:15:59
This was a specific answer to a specific question in the original post. It was not meant to imply that it was the *only* situation in which bitcoin is useful. You're moving the goalposts; reassess.
@_date: 2017-10-01 14:24:54
Yes, one of the reasons some people oppose 2x's actions is their stance that the name "Bitcoin" should follow them, because they have the majority hashpower. They don't refer to the chain their client will follow as "2x", they just call it Bitcoin. To them this is the same as a new version of the client software coming out; i.e. "the network is upgrading, upgrade to v1.0 of the client software or be left behind as a legacy node"
@_date: 2017-10-21 17:15:23
Before the fork the key thing is to have your coins in a location where *you* control the private key (Trezor, Ledger, Electrum, paper wallet, etc.), not a place where some company is managing your private keys for you (any web wallet or exchange, like Coinbase).
Having control of your keys the moment the chain splits gives you the most flexibility on what to do after. After the split you can see what exchanges do, and react to it appropriately (depending on which coins you want to keep versus those you want to trade).
Not having control of the private keys abdicates your vote to the company that holds the keys, and whatever chain they think is most valid.
@_date: 2017-09-01 12:01:36
Similarly, you can currently pay [Eternum]( to pin ("seed") files on IPFS for you. Now, if that were made generic, so any IPFS node owner could accept payment to pin files on IPFS for people, that would be a great option!
@_date: 2017-10-30 11:35:34
For a QR code to be scannable, the scanning devices needs to be able to discern "dark" and "light" cells. You can pick non-black-and-white as long as you're consistent with it. So dark-red and white would work, but rainbow and white would likely not.
@_date: 2017-10-21 12:22:49
The lambo of computers!
@_date: 2015-04-07 04:47:34
Backstory: For my tenth wedding anniversary, I devised an epic scavenger hunt for my wife (since she loves puzzles). I used the [bitcoin community before]( to post some clues to her, but this one forced her to learn the inner workings of Bitcoin (Brainwallets and message signing).
I created a fake eCommerce site as part of the scavenger hunt, complete with a Bitcoin-powered checkout, and order-history-retrieving mechanism. Can you crack the clue and access the contents of order 
@_date: 2018-07-12 21:55:19


If you're a middle-class resident of a first-world country with a government that lets you own your investments through best efforts at fiscal policy, you might say that's pretty similar to using Bitcoin.
To the rest of the world, and people who don't agree with their government's fiscal policies, there's plenty of reasons.
@_date: 2017-10-04 18:37:29
So now you've got coordinates, which represent letters, which represent words, which represent an index number, which represents the private key...
I like the idea of getting it onto a (more) permanent media in a cheap/easy way, but this now adds in one more possibility of a transcription error while creating the thing.
Thinking more about this, the way you've got it laid out currently needs 26 rows (one for each letter) for each character to be recorded. If instead of recording the words as their first four letters, you instead record them as their index in the 2,048-count wordlist, you only need 10 rows (digits 0-9) and four columns per word. On this same size plate you could fit twice as many words (stack two grid registers vertically) even keeping the grid squares the same size.
@_date: 2018-07-30 19:58:54
Spend and replace! If you're willing to pay that 23 in fiat, then spend the equivalent in BTC and re-buy the BTC using the fiat. That way you're helping the transition, rather than stagnating it.
@_date: 2017-10-04 19:33:31
So you also need to unscramble the letters (e.g. "ACEV" to "CAVE" in your example)? The wordlists are unique in their first four characters _in the order they appear_, I don't know if all wordlists have unique first four letters _in any order_, though...
@_date: 2017-10-01 14:46:39
You don't know the reason some people oppose what 2x is doing? Okay, in case you genuinely missed it, a brief summary of the reasons I've heard people express for their opposition:
- A scalability fix (of any sort) isn't needed _now_, so ramrodding one in is unnecessary.
- Attempting to usurp the name "Bitcoin" without community constant is wrong
- Refusing to add opt-out replay protection only serves to hurt new and unaware users
- A decision made by a few CEOs does not constitute all the users of those CEOs agreeing with them
- A decision behind closed doors should not be able to manipulate the Bitcoin infrastructure fundamentally
Not everyone who opposes 2x agrees with all of those, but there's enough reasons there for many people to agree with at least one, and therefore oppose it.
@_date: 2017-10-04 14:41:51


That was true when you said it, but mere hours after that, they did indeed merge in one of the other opt-in replay protection options ([
@_date: 2017-09-08 18:15:04
Hmm? Guess I better double-check my passport status...
@_date: 2018-07-26 21:29:19
'Course after several hundred crypto-enthusiasts pony up 12 BTC each and move in, that'll give them a cash infusion to spruce up the place, right?
@_date: 2018-02-09 12:10:09
The OP is about Lightning Labs' client; there is a few other development teams working on clients too. The [Eclair wallet]( does already have a (testnet-only) Android version available on the Play Store for experimenting with.
@_date: 2015-04-14 11:34:17
The term you'd need is "Cold Storage" or a "Cold Wallet"/"Paper wallet"; the other commenters' solutions are good, though if you aren't comfortable going to that level of security with your own hardware/software, [Coinbase]( has cold storage offerings where they'll do the cold storage for you, as well as [GreenAddress](
@_date: 2017-10-21 20:13:35
@_date: 2017-10-21 19:57:28
Okay, here's the fundamental situation. Right now, there's one ledger (blockchain), that has a record in it saying "has Y coins". When a split happens, that means there's now two ledgers (two forks in the blockchain), and each of them derived from the same history, so now there's two records that say "has Y coins", one on each fork. So, you then have Y coins over here, and also Y coins over there. But they are two distinct things in two separate accounting ledgers, so you can say you now have Y coinA coins, and Y coinB coins.
The question then becomes, which one do you care about? You could either say that one of the two is "Bitcoin" and carries with it the monetary value the original ledger had at the moment of the fork, or you could say the other one is "Bitcoin". And that is one of the key cruxes of this whole debacle is about. But unlike a standard Democracy where those in favor of the minority option _have_ to acquiesce if they're outvoted by the majority, if you control your private keys, you can pick for yourself, and the minority group could become the genesis of a brand new community.
So, you as a user after the fork have a few main options to pick from:
**Pick one coin and ignore the other completely**. You say coinA is your new "Bitcoin", and you think coinB will just shrivel up and die shortly. So, you can just find others who believe the same, and follow news updates about that coin, and continue on your merry way. The downside of this option is that when you send your coins (e.g. "I, sends Z coins to if you're not doing anything to prevent it, _both_ ledgers will record that transaction. So in effect, you actually sent me Z coinA coins **and** Z coinB coins (But you said you don't care at all about coinB, so you ignore that).
**Pick one coin and sell the other**. If you say coinA is your new "Bitcoin", and you don't want to support coinB at all, you can sell your coinB coins in exchange for coinA coins. To do that you need to find someone with the opposite view from you (someone who thinks coinB is the new "Bitcoin" and wants to get rid of all their coinA coins). You swap with them, so you end up with twice as much coinA coins, and they end up with twice as much coinB coins. If the communities supporting the two coins are fairly evenly-split, these sort of 1:1 trades will be possible. But if one side turns out to be in a big minority, and the majority on the other fork wants to dump all their minority coins, the majority would likely be willing to do so at a loss, trading 2:1 or more, driving the price down of the minority coin. Choosing this option, you've made a profit in coinA coins (as much as doubling your share, but possibly just earning an additional fraction on top). But if you're wrong and the community shifts away from coinA to coinB, you may find the purchasing power of your stash is diminished from what it was (Bitcoin Cash users are in that situation now).
**Keep both coins**. You can just keep your assets of both, making sure to keep transactions separate when sending coins to other people ("replay protection"). You don't loose any coins that way, and initially your portfolio will be worth  twice as much! However, likely one of the coins will start losing some value (whichever is even slightly in the minority), and the longer you hold the minority coin, likely the lower the price will go, so the benefit of keeping both will diminish over time, likely. And at some point you may wish to cut your losses and sell one coin or the other, but that's up to you.
Make sense?
@_date: 2017-10-26 05:47:30
Satoshi mined a lot of blocks in the early days, but he couldn't have pre mined it due to the newspaper headline in the Genesis Block code; that proves the day it was created, and it was released for others to start mining then too. Not held secretly like Gold is currently
@_date: 2017-10-19 20:29:53
So... you're a Ledger user now?
@_date: 2018-07-28 15:41:50
Address in QR code is `1DgkFfcK7LaTcaKTCUPL8wjn5GnU1rYBFL`. It's received three transactions so far.
@_date: 2017-10-28 16:31:57
The quantity of coins (over $3,000 per person, per day) is apparently the key here. If you convert/sell/trade/transmit less than that amount, it's fine, but over that and there's regulations you need to comply with.
@_date: 2017-10-21 20:56:46


Glad it was helpful! Just upvote my comment if you found it great! If you want to post a link directly to that comment of mine, feel free!


Why do you think the price shot up a thousand dollars in a week?! A chunk of that is likely people with that mindset. When demand rises, price has to rise, since the supply of Bitcoin is fixed. ;)
@_date: 2017-09-24 18:06:28
Power Overwhelming!
@_date: 2017-10-12 19:34:20
I just won [my bet]( so I'm sitting pretty now!
@_date: 2017-10-19 22:24:18
I've used both as well, and found Ledger's Ethereum wallet much more fickle than their Bitcoin one, so considering switching back. Can you describe more what you find "more convenient" about Ledger?
@_date: 2018-07-25 15:37:04
Agreed; they even mention "mnemonic seed" and dismiss it, which is a large red flag for me. The planning, thought and execution that has gone into the logic of mnemonic seed phrases across the cryptocurrency space helps make that standard a good, secure method, including means by which the mechanism itself can help keep from losing the password (first few letters of the words are unique across the word space, words are lower-cased when used to calculate the private keys, words are separated with spaces making it easier on spellcheckers, etc.).
Having a "roll your own" "passphrase" system means any passphrase a user comes up with for this wallet would be unique to this wallet, and it would be up to the user to remember the rules they adhered to when setting it (Title-cased words? Spaces or camel-cased?)
@_date: 2018-07-25 15:42:02
Some sorts of encryption/hashing would be broken by quantum computing, but if someone suddenly made huge advances in quantum computing and managed to start breaking encryption like that, it's not only Bitcoin that would have an issue, but many other established security infrastructures as well. Bitcoin as an infrastructure has the potential to change the encryption/hashing methods used in securing the blockchain, so if quantum computing advances at a more measured pace, it could react and change. Hardware devices like this one, though, would be hard-coded to a specific encryption method and could not adapt short of releasing a new hardware device users would have to transition to.
@_date: 2018-04-30 02:18:27
Buy stuff with Bitcoin, then buy more Bitcoin to cover what you just spent. That way the long-term increase in value you're still taking advantage of, and you're helping serve as an inlet, getting more coins into circulation.
@_date: 2017-05-25 11:15:36


Because you're trying to verify someone _else's_ message (not your own message), your own private keys don't play a factor in this, so you're not verifying the signature _with_ your Ledger/Trezor. Any wallet that supports hardware wallets (say like Mycelium) likely also has a "verify signature" method. You can probably use whatever you've been using as your wallet app for your hardware wallet to verify a message, but the added security of having _your_ private key on a hardware wallet doesn't factor into this particular bit of computation.
@_date: 2017-05-26 21:29:46


I'd say since when dividing large whole numbers, the world seems to have settled on chunks of three numbers (though different countries use different symbols to divide the chunks; commas or periods), a three-digit chunk seems to be the most intuitive for humans to grasp. So I'd say chunk it in 3-digit pieces.
@_date: 2017-05-29 21:56:42
If you're creating a chain, offline, from the latest checkpoint and expecting to mine faster than the main chain to catch up and make a longer chain, you'd need a phenomenal amount of hashing power, since you'd have to match the whole mining ecosystem all on your own.
@_date: 2017-05-26 21:27:08


Which is why we should adopt a scheme to break down large decimals like that into easily-seen chunks, the same way commas do for large whole numbers (3,433 satoshis vs 34,330 satoshis).
Either using a space between groupings of 3 digits (0.000 343 3 vs 0.000 034 33), or some other symbol; how about a tick mark (as the rotated cousin of the commas used on the other side of the decimal; 0.000'343'3 vs 0.000'034'33)?
@_date: 2017-10-30 11:37:16
For a QR code to be scannable, the scanning devices needs to be able to discern "dark" and "light" cells. You can pick non-black-and-white as long as you're consistent with it. Also, one other thing you may want to consider is a wider white border around the outside of the code. the QR standard calls for a white "rest area" around the whole thing that's three cells wide. That would help if someone wanted to put it on a black background, scanners would still be able to pick it up. 
@_date: 2017-05-26 22:40:27
True, but you changed the problem you're wanting solved. If the printed number 0.0003443 is hard to differentiate from 0.00003443, then switching the units is a way to make that better, though it's not the _only_ way.
@_date: 2017-05-26 11:04:44
Well whaddayaknow, it _does_ have that feature! Good to know! Though for this instance, I did end up using Electrum, since Ledger's interface for the CPFP action doesn't let you modify the fee amount at all for the new transaction.
@_date: 2017-05-26 22:43:08
Price of gas in the US is commonly shown with 3 digits. But most currencies split units into hundreds, you're right. But Bitcoin doesn't, so it doesn't need to adhere to that requirement.
@_date: 2017-05-26 11:10:09
Great; that worked quite well, thanks!
@_date: 2017-05-04 03:20:08
The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago. The second best time is right now. Likewise, the best time to invest in Bitcoin is 5 years ago. The second best time is now. Invest only what you can afford to lose, and start building it up.
@_date: 2017-05-29 21:38:59
Many of the current discussions of the future "direction" Bitcoin can go in will likely mention "soft forks" or "hard forks". You as a buyer, now, don't really need to worry about either type of fork. If you buy now (from any exchange) and in the future the paradigm/technology forks/changes, your assets will still be there, since they're pre-fork (both forks will have a reference to them). The only thing you have to worry about as a buyer is if you're buying _during_ a fork. Currently August 1 is slated to be the UASF day, so there may be some tumult there, but it being a "soft fork", it means you as a buyer still don't need to worry about it. Only if it were a "hard fork" and you were buying shortly after it happened would you need to be careful as a buyer.
@_date: 2017-05-29 23:11:33
Difficulty can only be adjusted so far in one difficulty adjustment; it would take many adjustments to get it down to minimum. And by the time a single miner could reach that, there will be a new checkpoint agreed on.
@_date: 2017-07-24 03:47:05
I think they meant public keys. Public addresses are hashes of the public key, so when a new address is paid to and never spent, not even the public key is known. If someone has been using an HD wallet for a while and received to a bunch of addresses without spending, but now in the chain split they sell all their assets in one chain, it exposes their public key in both.
@_date: 2017-07-24 23:09:05
Yes, good point; you'll still need to follow the splitting guides (make sure the chains are different enough in length and use block-height-locked transactions), but communicating with a specific node can help tell when the specific transactions confirm, right?
@_date: 2018-04-03 02:51:19


Currently? Yes; probably no plane suppliers are taking Bitcoin currently. But then if an airline accepts Bitcoin for a ticket, they can then offer that Bitcoin on an exchange for USD, which gives the Bitcoin back to someone who's more likely to sell it.
As more and more people start to use the currency, likely some plane supply company will start accepting Bitcoin, and so the airline can just use it directly. If then eventually the plane supply company can pay in Bitcoin to _its_ suppliers, you create a longer loop.
@_date: 2017-07-24 22:22:44
The article mentions that Breadwallet has a "node tethering" feature. That should allow you to connect directly to a BCC node and have your transactions just go too that node/chain
@_date: 2017-07-31 05:49:00
Combining "trustless" and "idiot-proof" is the hard part of that. If you want something to trigger after your death, some proof is going to have to happen that you are indeed dead (probably trusting a death certificate or some such), which will need to be trusted. A time-locked transaction could be a solution to that, but that requires constant maintenance to not trigger, so more work for you. Idiot proof is hard because currently the common knowledge of cryptocurrencies is low, so whoever's your beneficiary will want it converted to fit, which means you'll need to instruct them on how to navigate an exchange that's got trusted cash withdrawals.
@_date: 2019-05-07 13:57:34






Not quite like a hold on your banking account. When a hold is placed on your bank account, the amount above-and-beyond the amount you owe is not spendable by the account-holder until the one who placed the hold releases it. Doing this sort of thing with a payment channel means the account holder (the one with funds on their side of the channel) can use the relaying properties of the Lightning Network to send those funds to any other Lightning Network participant.


In the current financial system lots of people buy gift cards, which is the same thing: "locking up" your funds to one dedicated purpose, before they're actually needed to be used. And the reasons people do that can overlap with the reasons they'd choose to lock up their funds in a Lightning Network channel: faster payment processing when they do reach the point-of-sale, segregating for budgeting purposes or "not all your eggs in one basket" safety, gifting/tipping easily, etc.
@_date: 2017-05-29 21:53:54
For chain reorgs, it's longest chain. But in the specific case of the BIP148 UASF, it's only a "soft fork" because it presumes that those in the minority will change, upgrade their nodes, and rejoin the majority. If someone stays stuck in their ways and does not upgrade, they'll forever look to the minority fork. And in that way it doesn't matter when they teach the next difficulty target; the chains will never merge again, they'll just continue until no one thinks them worth mining anymore.
@_date: 2019-05-13 21:04:17
Mycelium may need some time to re-sync address balances for the new addresses in that wallet; leave it running for a bit and see if it catches up?
@_date: 2017-05-31 22:01:07
@_date: 2019-05-08 16:34:29
Depends on your country and your bank; it's definitely not the case that ***all*** banks are locking accounts for ***any*** crypto purchases.
@_date: 2019-05-10 20:58:17
"Hello World!
I know the solutions to open the lockboxes labeled A, B, and C. The solution to the lock on box A is K, the solution to the lock on box B is K, and the solution to the lock on box C is L.
Of all the funds in those three boxes, I'm putting 1 BTC in a lockbox labeled X, and anyone who can give a solution to the lock puzzle defined as Y can move them somewhere else. Plus 0.01234 BTC in a lockbox labeled T, which can be moved by anyone solving puzzle Z. Any extra coins go to the person who carved this message into stone."
In this sort of translation, "A", "B", and "C" are UTXO identifiers (so something like "block 12345, transaction 4, output 1"). The fact that outputs A and B needed the same solution is representing they were sent to the same address; the "lock" most transactions give is "anyone who has a private key that matches the public address M and signs this message can move these coins". UTXO C was sent to a different address, but the person sending the message had access to it's private key to, so either they belong to the same person, or this is a mixing/batched transaction.
Fee amounts aren't specifically enumerated, they're just the stuff left over after the other paperwork is done, which the miner can keep.
@_date: 2019-05-02 13:23:55
About page just has "Info will be later...". Where is there more information on this project?
@_date: 2016-07-30 23:15:54
Thanks for that clear explanation! Is it just me, or should this be termed a relay attack, and not a replay attack? Typically in a cryptocurrency, a replay attack is more like a double spend problem -- where a transaction is replayed multiple times. This issue is one transaction, mined twice. The key thing about this situation is each fork is considered different currency, not orphaned blocks of one currency
@_date: 2019-05-07 13:31:14
Soft. This is adding new options in, so clients that are up-to-date can create the new transactions and take advantage of the new features, but any old clients that don't update can still continue to do all the things they used to do and still have it be a valid transaction, which makes this sort of change a "soft" fork.
@_date: 2019-05-08 16:37:56




It's possible to buy without using a credit card (prepaid debit is an option, or local swap for some other good, or something like [Purse]( where you use your credit card at Amazon (where you trust in Amazon to not steal your card info, not the BTC seller) to receive Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-08 16:33:48


Check out the options over [here]( there's plenty of mobile apps, desktop apps, and physical hardware options there, which are all good choices.
Popular choices in those areas are generally:
- Desktop: Electrum, Armory, Wasabi
- Mobile: Mycelium, Elcair, Bread (BRD)
- Hardware: Trezor, Ledger
@_date: 2019-05-05 19:39:20
You can buy fractions of a coin; start with 0.0001BTC if you'd like. No need to wait until you have a huge amount of funds saved up.
@_date: 2017-06-26 20:21:40
The `trustme.py` script has several carefully picked assertions that it asks the hardware to sign. It's effectively unit-tests for the software baked into the OpenDime hardware. If the unit-tests fail, the software has been modified. So, it serves as a sort of MD5/hash verification of the code that is baked on the chip. It is independent of the hardware, so acts as as check/balance even if the hardware was able to lie about itself, it can't lie to the third party verifier.
And since it's a python script, anyone can see its source, and users outside the OpenDime company can analyze and vouch for it.
@_date: 2019-05-05 22:04:09
Coinbase Pro is just another interface (a more advanced one) to your same Coinbase account. So if you have a Coinbase account, you already can log into Coinbase Pro too.
@_date: 2017-06-09 20:14:02
Try taking your paper wallet from bitaddress.org to an internet cafe computer overflowing with viruses and safely spend your funds...
@_date: 2019-05-07 13:29:33
!lntip 2000
@_date: 2017-06-10 23:56:50
Thanks for the credit! What I'd really like to do is find the original illustrator to credit them. Can anyone find in that Moscow Times issue the name of the illustrator?
Edit: Found it! Bottom of the masthead: "Cover by Alexei Kurbatov"
@_date: 2019-05-07 14:07:04
I think that's only the case when the "new rules" limit what was previously allowable. For example, if "version 5" of a protocol allows transaction types A, B, and C, and then a new "version 6" comes out that only allows A and C, then miners that don't upgrade (are still on version 5) still think transactions of type B are still valid and will include them in a block. Other miners who have upgraded to version 6 will reject that block as invalid, and will not build on top of it, causing a fork.
I believe the explanation goes: If a new version of a protocol adds new functionality (e.g. "version 6" allows transaction types A, B, C, and D), then miners who don't upgrade will create blocks that only have transactions of type A, B, and C, which miners who did upgrade still consider valid. Once a "version 6" miner creates a block with transactions of type A, B, C, and D in it, it's a question of whether miners of version 5 accept it as a valid block or not. Most client software is written in such a way that blocks containing transaction types that the node doesn't understand are okay (it's a blacklist, and if nothing disallowed is in the block, then it's okay to build on). So the "version 5" miner wouldn't know how to include a D-type transaction in a block, but will accept a D-including block from another miner, and will continue to try and build "A, B, and C only" blocks on top of it.
@_date: 2019-05-07 13:39:29
Lots of comments here are answering the last question ("How should you store your private key to be safe?"), but to be clear, the answer to the first question ("Who gets your bitcoin if you die?) is "Noone", by default.
The only thing the Bitcoin network/infrastructure uses to determine who owns what amount of Bitcoin is private keys. If you keep your private key safe, secure and private (which you should!), then no bad guys can get at it, and your funds stay yours. But if you leave it that way and then you die, then no one can get at that private key, and those Bitcoins are "locked" or "lost" forever (e.g. no executor or government after your death can claim them or transfer ownership of them if they cannot find or get access to your private key).
So, as part of your estate planning, you should put in place some sort of plan for how your private keys are handled after your death (which is what a lot of the other comments are giving suggestions on). There's no one master option at this point, but a lot of good possibilities for you to pick from, and you should pick the plan that works best for your estate.
@_date: 2017-06-10 02:41:08
And while you're whipping out your paper wallet in the cafe to scan the private key QR code into your phone, the security camera over your shoulder captures an image of the QR code too, and three days later all your remaining funds are transferred out.
Yes, you probably wouldn't be needing to transfer your funds in a public or insecure location, but the benefit of hardware wallets is that you could. With paper wallets the onus is all on you to make sure the environment you pull them out in is safe, and humans are fallible. That's why hardware wallets are worth their cost; they both keep your secrets safe and help keep you from messing up when you go to transfer them. If you have confidence in your ability to sweep paper keys, and have secure locations and devices to do that on, then yes, you can get away with a cheaper long-term storage location by just using paper wallets.
@_date: 2017-06-26 16:47:28


If a single user uses the same file as the seed for the random generator on two different Opendime devices, they will still generate separate private keys since they'll have different serial numbers from the factory.
What you seem to be describing is the situation where some attacker has access to the Opendime factory certificate, and so can create a new firmware that skips the initialization phase and comes pre-set with a private key known to the attacker, but then acts like a normal Opendime, right? If an attacker made a hardware piece that had that new behavior, it would be a new firmware on the security chip, and then the verification steps checking how the private key is generated would not verify (the attacker would have to trick you into downloading a separate `trustme.py` script that did different checks).
So, if an attacker stole the factory certificate (without OpenDime noticing), created new hardware that from the outside looked identical to the OpenDimes, and either convinced you not to verify the hardware security, or got you to use a different `trustme.py` script they created to match their new firmware, I think that's the only situation where an attack like that would work.
@_date: 2019-05-27 16:54:06
@_date: 2019-05-16 22:04:06


Yes, that's all that's needed for the consumer to get the BTC to the merchant, but for a successful merchant, that can't be the only step; they now as a business need to decide how to keep the private keys, who maintains access to them, how the public keys related to the corporate private keys are distributed to cashiers/staff, how to monitor the corporate addresses for unknown transactions that might be an employee embezzling, and if they have vendors that won't accept BTC for the services the merchant needs, the merchant then has to deal with exchanging the BTC.
Merchants who already know how to deal with a payment gateway (and have their fiat bank accounts already set up to deal with that) won't have that sort of infrastructure/policy in place (relying on the payment gateway to manage a lot of that), and therefore merchants like that are much more likely to adopt something that's a minimal change from that setup (so, still gives funds into their fiat bank account, through some third party), and may gradually convert to holding their own BTC, once the rest of that corporate knowledge/infrastructure is decided on. Getting to a point where a company/merchant owns their own BTC requires a lot of infrastructure, which is why there's not a lot of companies that will jump completely to that, and why these sort of half-way/bridge services are useful in getting merchants comfortable with the terminology in a more gradual way, without interrupting their business.
"Just provide a receiving address" works great as an option to print out a QR code and have on-hand for a lemonade stand or street vendor or any other one-person shop (where that one person knows how to deal with their own private keys). In any larger business, it's not that simple.
@_date: 2017-06-10 19:46:36
Yes, I'm not trying to imply you _need_ to go to an internet cafe to spend a hardware wallet, I was trying to show that you could, if you wanted to; the point I'm trying to make is that seemed to be implying that paper wallets and hardware wallets served pretty much the same purpose (and why would you pay for a hardware wallet when you can make a paper wallet for free?), and I was trying to show the advantages.
With a paper wallet, there's still things that you as a user (or the wallet you're using to spend the paper wallet) need to be aware of (you _should_ sweep all coins off a paper wallet when you spend it, you _should_ do it in a secure location where the QR code cannot be peeked at, and they _should_ be kept in a safe location so no one can walk off with them, but all these things aren't enforced by anything). A hardware wallet removes all those restrictions, so you could still do it in a secret location, but you don't need to.
Which is why it's my feeling that if you have a hardware wallet for long-term storage of large amounts of coins, there's no reason to also have paper wallet(s) for long-term storage too (using paper wallets for small funds storage or gifting to people to get them started with Bitcoin is great anytime!). You say you have a Trezor **and** paper wallets; could you elaborate on why you keep paper wallets too, in addition to the Trezor, @_date: 2019-05-08 14:07:30
[False Cause]( Or possibly [Texas Sharpshooter](
@_date: 2017-06-12 11:26:31
Well, congratulations, firstly! If you've already moved them from old wallets to a hardware wallet, that's good in terms of keeping the coins safe. For spending some of them, I'd agree with some of the other posters that you should look to find places where you can spend your bitcoin as bitcoin, without bouncing it back through USD. You should still report that purchase for capital gains taxes, but it will  help avoid extra wire transfer fees and potential red flags from your bank?
@_date: 2017-06-09 20:21:18
The benefits of a hardware wallet are in how you spend your coins. If you have a multi-sig wallet, and you want to spend part of your stash, you still need to get the different private keys for the wallet onto some computer in order to do the signing. To do that safely, it's probably going to be an offline/air-gapped computer that you're pretty sure is free of keyloggers and any other viruses. Having two signatures in your multi-sig wallet means you could use multiple air-gapped computers, and the odds of a virus-writer having a keylogger on both is very slim.
With a hardware wallet, you don't need to be on an offline computer; you can be on the most virus-laden computer in your public library and still send securely. Plugging the hardware wallet into the computer doesn't expose the private key in any way; the only API action it has is to be fed a transaction to be signed. Keyloggers can see the transaction coming in unsigned and going out signed, but that doesn't get them anything.
So, they're not "more secure" than a multi-sig wallet, just using them is a lot easier; with a multi-sig wallet it's on you to not make a mistake in setting up for signing the transaction, while with a hardware wallet the hardware does that for you.
@_date: 2017-06-09 21:59:28
That... is a gorgeous illustration! ✨
@_date: 2013-03-29 13:09:52
You could publish the address you transferred to; if he's a clever thief it's a new address and he'll use a mixing pool to disguise any future spends of it, but if not, the community might be able to identify him as a repeat offender and warn future buyers.
@_date: 2017-06-09 20:24:38
Ledgers share the same form-factor as a USB drive, but have completely different internals. They do not show up as a drive to move files onto/of of when attached to a computer. They're more like a printer (where you have specific software drivers that know how to send specific commands to the device) than a hard drive.
@_date: 2017-06-12 19:19:55
You'd need to have Python installed for your OS, then download the script (save as `mywallet.py`), and run `python mywallet.py`. It will then prompt you to enter the file location of the encrypted wallet JSON file, and the password to decrypt it.
@_date: 2017-06-21 16:28:22
The private key is generated after the hardware has left the factory and is in the hands of the user, using a file of the user's choosing. The factory has no way to know what file the user will choose, so can't duplicate it.
@_date: 2017-06-12 11:53:09
That depends; did you put the grains of sand back after you picked them up...? :P
@_date: 2017-06-12 11:57:49
GUIminer [looks like]( it configures the payouts by joining you to a particular pool with a username/password. So, the private key of your payout address is not on your computer.
Instead, you'd need to know what pool you were mining for back in the day, and go see if it still exists. If it's still there, you should be able to log in and transfer your coins out. If you had an auto-withdrawal set up on the pool site, you'll need to figure out where your auto-withdrawal went, and track down where that address' private key is.
@_date: 2013-10-30 11:32:35


Provided you already use SLL and have your Paypal account linked there. Linking your bank account in Coinbase will take a few days, but you only do that once. If you're going to be buying Bitcoin more than once, you'll have to do the USD-SLL-BTC dance every time going the VirWoX route.
@_date: 2013-03-03 03:27:00
Here's a service that looks like it does what you need:  
A constantly-updating image that shows $10 USD in BTC: 
@_date: 2017-06-12 14:51:50
Blockchain.info wallet exports can be decrypted only if you know the password used to encrypt them, which is the same as the password to the account itself on Blockchain.info.
So, you can either keep trying to log in at Blockchain.info  with different passwords, or use a tool like [this python script]( to try decrypting the wallet file itself.
The JSON file itself might have the actual public keys decrypted in clear text in it, if you just wanted to check the balances of the account? (I don't recall what the structure of that actual JSON file is, and can't find a reference one online at the moment)
@_date: 2013-10-03 02:44:38
I'll lend my PHP skills and take a crack at it:




Can you share what version of SMF the site was running, to aid bug-hunters?


Can your webhost (or you, if its your own server) verify the users who accessed the /tmp files and database are on the web service daemon(s)? (i.e. if a linux box, was /tmp files modified by a user other than apache:apache?)
Thanks for being up-front about this and thinking of your user's integrity foremost!
@_date: 2013-06-12 20:47:11
Or, as the article suggests: bank vault.
The issue with a home-vault is it's up to you to make sure the other factors in the building don't impact it. Things like water ("fireproof" is not necessarily "waterproof" too) or animal infestation you might not think about constantly (since they're not "set and forget" protections), while if you pay for a safe-deposit box at a bank, that's part of the service they're providing.
If you are keeping them at home, lamination would be an option. A benefit of bitcoin wallets over cash is you can keep depositing more coin into a wallet and have it still be only one piece of paper you have to protect, versus hoarding cash you get more and more paper that's vulnerable.
@_date: 2013-12-08 21:14:56
That's when the exchange website itself holds the coins in escrow until the project is funded. If it doesn't get funded, the coins get returned (minus transaction fees).
@_date: 2013-02-08 12:09:37
Killerstorm's technology spec can be found [here]( which covers the genesis, matching and tracking of the colored coins
@_date: 2013-05-07 16:46:29
So, after reading several of the threads on the 0.8.2 updates, I can agree that it is Not A Big Deal&amp;trade; **if** the mining pools use the new configs allowed them. *Have we heard anything from the heads of the major mining pools?*
Also, I've heard a few mentions of adjustments to the transaction fee requirements in 0.8.2, but it seems to be constantly overlooked in favor of debating the minimum transaction value issue. It looks like the same pull request Gavin announcement the minimum transaction size, [the code says]( that the default minimum transaction fee (and minimum transaction *relay* fee) is 10,000 satoshis (0.0001 BTC), which is down from the previous minimum of 0.0005 BTC. *Am I reading that code correctly?*
Let's clear through a few of these fractions and get everthing in the same unit: 1 uBTC = 0.000001 (one millionth) BTC.
* Previous transaction fee: 500 uBTC
* New minimum transaction fee: 100 uBTC
* New minimum output value: 54.3 uBTC
* One Satoshi: 0.01 uBTC
So, previously, I could send one satoshi by including a 500 uBTC fee (500.01 uBTC total cost to me, 0.01 uBTC to recipient).
Now, the minimum I can spend is 54.3 uBTC, and I need a suggested 100 uBTC fee to do so (154.3 uBTC cost to me, 54.3 uBTC to recipient).
If I really wanted to send someone one satoshi, I could try to do that by sending them 54.31 uBTC and having them send me 54.3 uBTC back, but for them to split my 54.31 into a 54.30 and 0.01 the updates to the 0.8.2 client will automatically add that 0.01 to the transaction fee, since it can't be kept as a "change" output. So really, the only way to get a one satoshi output now is to get the transaction mined by a miner who intentionally allows this by modifying the default.
Those who want to use one satoshi for marking something (used as ownership marker of a [smart property]( will have to be more intentional about it. I can understand the Devs' desire to not encourage this separation of a portion of a bitcoin and its value, though for me unless Namecoin takes off (in actual use, not just in value to swap for other cryptocurrencies) there's not another alternative that's as attractive.
@_date: 2013-10-29 11:31:34
Looking at the features, it looks like this device goes beyond "paying for stuff at the store" and is pretty much a Bitcoin ATM:


How does that work? I'm guessing you can tell the device you want to sell X Bitcoin and then the cashier hands you cash out of the register? But then how can you buy Bitcoin? Does the retail merchant have their own account (from selling their goods/services throughout the day) that they pull from, or are they buying from Coinkite? If the "Set your own exchange rate" feature is related to this one, that would imply just transacting with the merchant?


So is it hooked up to the register, or is a completely standalone device?
@_date: 2013-10-29 11:26:51


So does accepting credit cards since Visa/Mastercard add on fees. Starting and running a business takes money, but the store itself is in a better place to recoup the costs, since they control the markup on their goods/services. Spending $300 on this POS device vs. $30/month [for BitPay]( or $275/month for Square makes Coinkite cheaper if you use it for a year. 
@_date: 2013-02-26 12:59:00


Most likely, unless you manage it somehow. "Mining" usually means "try lots of nonces as fast as you can, until one works". If your javascript is grinding away trying to grab as many hashes as possible, your users will notice. Even a weak CPU miner can usually get around 1,000,000 attempts/second (1 megahash/sec). If you modify your javascript miner to make one attempt per page visited, that wouldn't affect user experience, but you'd need 1,000,000 visitors a second to make it equal even a single CPU miner.
@_date: 2019-05-02 13:18:37
!lntip 2000
@_date: 2013-02-05 12:15:05
The tip robot only works to tip someone directly; I didn't know g0rth directly until they claimed my prize, so it was a way to meet new people in a fun way!
@_date: 2013-02-04 18:53:32
Congrats to yours as well!
@_date: 2013-10-04 11:29:03
Yes. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 21:19:13
Thinking more on this, a Block of Quartz has the same Blast Resistance as Wool (very low), so that's not an improvement, but it is fireproof. If your black blocks are Obsidian the blast resistance of the white blocks is pretty moot: since Obsidian's blast resistance is so high, all blocks destroyed in a Creeper/TNT blast would be white ones and could just be replaced as white (without having to guess, was it "white or black?"). 
Actually, looking at the Blast Resistance table again, the cheapest option is probably [Stained Clay]( stained white and black: fireproof, and same blast resistance as stone, which is not impervious to Creepers, but pretty resistant. If you're generating this legit, Clay would be easier to find (Mesa biome) an harvest than Obsidian (though mad props if you manage to cast your QR code in Obsidian!). If you're in creative mode, though, go with Obsidian!
@_date: 2013-05-07 16:01:38
Credit to Kashmir; she did come clean about her tips on [day six](


@_date: 2013-10-25 15:27:07
It would be a really good idea for you to use BlockChain.info's [backup options]( to make sure you have an encrypted backup of your wallet in case BlockChain.info is offline or gets hacked; they make it so easy to get encrypted wallet backups sent to email, Dropbox, or Google Drive.
@_date: 2017-06-11 18:13:12
Yes, picking from a 20,000 item list has more options than a 2,000 item list, so has a bigger address space, so is a little more secure, but there's tradeoffs then. Most BIP39 implementations are also Hierarchical Deterministic (HD) wallets too, which helps you avoid address re-use. Also, the 2,000 word list was curated to be unique in the first few letters (as you mentioned), so even if you can't read your own handwriting when trying to restore a wallet, you only need to spell the first few letters right. And finally, since BIP39 is a standard, there's many tools and wallets that support it. If you implement your own hashing scheme with 20,000 words, it's on you then to make the tooling for it too.
So instead of increasing the word list size, just pick a longer seed phrase (initialize your wallet with a 24 word seed instead of 15; both are supported in the standard).
@_date: 2013-04-23 16:09:37
What's the method for the 12 words being determined? I'm not seeing that as part of the BIP 0032 proposal (or am I blind)?
@_date: 2019-05-13 13:14:01


Older versions had this limitation, but the most recent version has the ability to receive now
@_date: 2013-03-23 12:14:36
Months? Not likely: you can see the little ding their profits took as a little cliff on [this graph](
@_date: 2013-12-01 12:12:26


How did you calculate your own seed from your own input? As far as I can see, Electrum doesn't give an option to input your own raw seed value? Some outside tool? 
@_date: 2013-12-03 02:56:25
Electrum will look for the `~/.electrum/wallets/default_wallet` file upon launch, but once launched, you can go File &gt; Open and go find a .dat file somewhere else. So create a default wallet that's the public watch wallet for your TrueCrypt'ed one, and once launched you can open up your real wallet from the separate location.
@_date: 2013-02-25 22:45:17
Gah; yes. Typo. Fixed now, and you're partly correct: The public key is never used by the *sender* of the bitcoins (only a hash is), the *recipient* has to use the actual public key to spend the coins they were sent.
@_date: 2013-12-12 05:14:13
Creating a Bitcoin transaction and transmitting it to the peer-to-peer network is a lot like walking into a bank lobby and announcing to the general people milling about there "I want to transfer money from my account to another!". Saying it doesn't make it happen, but now lots of people know you want to do it. Your transaction is "transmitted, but not confirmed". Until a bank teller takes your information, checks your account number, checks your balance and enters the number in the bank ledger, your transaction doesn't actually happen.
The Bitcoin equivalent of the bank teller are miners, and the bank ledger is the blockchain. When your transaction is listed as "zero confirmations", it's not actually on the blockchain yet.
If you have a bad transaction, and share it with the peer network ("I want to transfer one hundred kgillion dollars!"), the miners won't accept it and it won't ever become part of the blockchain in the first place.
@_date: 2013-10-03 11:24:10
The attackers seem to have gotten access to the database (to insert the malicious site-wide announcement without it being logged), which means they could also have the contents of the forum users table. The forum software by default uses the user's username to "salt" the password (saved as `hash($username.$password)` in the database).
So a default rainbow table wouldn't work. But since the attackers have a list of usernames, they could generate a hash table for each user. That would take more time, but if you have a dictionary password, you're still vulnerable. Or even worse, if you have a common/dictionary-based username, a rainbow tables could have been pre-generated (strictly speaking a salt is supposed to be random (so hash tables can't be pre-generated), which usernames aren't, so attackers could have already created that spread).
Though Theymos mentioned "7500 rounds of sha256crypt", which means it was customized a bit. That means generating the rainbow tables will take even more time, but if the attackers saved a copy of  the users table, they can take several years and crack away at it (which is why Theymos mentioned it in the email notification).
If Theymos' modifications to the password hashing included an additional, random salt, and it can be proved that the hackers didn't get access to the file contents of the sever (if they did, they'd be able to read the PHP source code and find out what random salt was used), then the passwords are still secure. If not, it's only a matter of time to grind out all the possibilities. Now instead of searching for a Bitcoin Blockchain hash solution, these hackers can turn their mining rigs over to password hash cracking, hoping to get someone's password they also used on their banking site!
@_date: 2013-05-29 02:50:39
For a little context; I posted this one since it's the first bundle since their [recent announcement]( that they will accept Bitcoin as payment for their bundles. Yes, their "humble weekly sale" can also be purchased with Bitcoin now, but as this was the first game bundle to offer this payment method,  I thought it was worth noting.
@_date: 2013-03-03 22:16:44
Why? The person who advised you might have been looking at the fact that Bitcoin has seen [tremendous value increase]( in the last few months (~$13 USD to ~$33 USD), which in terms of investment return is a good trend. Of course you have to ask yourself if you believe it will continue, if you want to invest. If you're interested in learning more about the cryptocurrency itself (rather than just an investment opportunity), this is a great forum to ask it in!
@_date: 2017-06-11 11:53:28
FYI, the term "brain wallet" in respect to Bitcoin has generally meant a wallet that uses a password that is _whatever the person creating wants_. There's also wallets based on the BIP39 "Pneumonic phrase" style, where the phrase used to create the private key is created _from 12-24 words from a set list of 2000 words_. It sounds like you're talking about the latter, which is very secure (as the other posts here show). If you're creating a "brain wallet" where you as a human is picking the passphrase, then it's possible to pick something very simple, and therefore is very insecure, so that schema is really not advised, unless you really know what you're doing
@_date: 2013-03-03 23:16:53
Okay, here you go: 
Download the "btc.php" file, and put that on your server, at the same level as your HTM file. That file simply acts as a local proxy for the ticker that Blockchain.info provides. Then in your HTM file, you can use the javascript that's in my example "btc.html" file to pull the current value. That file is rather generic to show the premise of how it works.
I did drop it in your current page [here]( if you just want to update that page. If you have other pages you want an updating price display on, let me know, and I'd be glad to help you add them in.
@_date: 2013-04-12 01:41:07
So, did someone at Mt. Gox miscalculate when 2am UTC is? It's now 40 minutes past and I'm still seeing the 'trading frozen' banner. Anyone able to start trading again?
@_date: 2013-02-04 18:52:23
The link I gave has the private key of the Wallet that holds those coins; go sweep the coins into another account of yours and enjoy!
@_date: 2019-05-08 16:34:57
That's an oddly specific number...?
@_date: 2013-10-03 16:33:45
What sieze? Sieze of usernames? It's not been proven that the hackers did sieze usernames/password hashes, and since it seems to be their intent primarily to vandalize, not grab user credentials, it's possible they didn't grab the user records, but they could have if they wanted to.
@_date: 2013-03-04 12:06:40
Yup, very true!
@_date: 2013-04-25 16:12:02


The issue is, if you're on a computer that *has ever* connected to the internet, there's the possibility that there's spyware/viruses on it already; just "not connecting" this time is not the point. The point of using a Live CD is that you know what programs are in that package, and lack of internet means no additional programs can get added without your knowledge.
@_date: 2013-05-29 02:52:25
Ah, so it's you who's moving the average cost/bundle up! :) Actually, I wonder if using virtual currencies has this effect on "pay what you want" sales if people consider them a little less like "real" money. It will be interesting to see metrics comparing this bundle to the previous!
@_date: 2013-10-28 11:19:25
I did some tests [a while ago]( to test how resilient paper wallets need to be in case they get water damage or crumpled before trying to scan the private code. End result: even with a bad camera that was fix-focused, it took quite a bit of bleeding to be illegible, and even when mangled it never "mistyped" a character. The math behind how the data is encoded in the QR code is quite complex; it's not just character =&gt; ASCII =&gt; Binary =&gt; black/white dots.
@_date: 2013-04-02 11:34:09
For those who don't have time for the full 45 minute radio show, the Bitcoin segment starts at 24:25
@_date: 2013-04-08 17:14:37
So, those satoshis are now lost forever, since they were sent to a public address that has separate meaning, but the owner doesn't have the private key to them? How many Bitcoins did Wikileaks just remove from circulation permanently?
@_date: 2013-04-05 11:26:02
That note was the winning design from [this contest]( which has several other entrants that were pretty good too.
@_date: 2013-03-26 11:37:56
Include a downloaded copy of the bitaddress.org site; that single-page site is designed to work offline (all the javascript is included in that one file). Including the HTML file itself will future-proof it in case they decide to change addresses in the future (or worse yet, change their algorithm for determining brain wallets).
@_date: 2013-03-18 11:54:05
Did this solution work for you? If so, care to make good on that 0.1 BTC payment you mentioned? :)
@_date: 2013-05-06 17:59:29
The change makes such small payments **valid** but **non-standard**.
**Valid** means if they make it into a block, all clients will honor them.
**Non-Standard** means getting into the block is the issue, and will rely on miners/mining pools that are dedicated to that purpose.
Currently specialized transaction types like "*m* of *n*" escrow transactions are like this (valid, but non-standard). If a business wants to base their model on these types of transactions, they need to intentionally arrange for their non-standard transactions to be sent over the P2P network directly to a non-standard-honoring mining pool.
The general public running the default client on their machine won't be able to create transactions like this anymore, without being intentional and configuring their client to do so.
@_date: 2013-02-04 18:49:46
So, you purchase a bear to (potentially) send traffic to a site of your choosing, but if someone outbids you for that bear, they can change that link to something else? So effectively you have three advertising slots on the site, and it's a bidding war to see how much someone would pay for an ad that's only a name and a link?
How much traffic does BitBears.com get daily that potential advertisers would want a part of?
@_date: 2017-06-10 20:13:38
Thank you for extracting that one! I did some cropping and some creative image-extending to create a horizontal and vertical one for 1920x1080 resolution:
@_date: 2013-12-12 12:59:00
The maintainers of the bitaddress.org source attach a PGP signature to each verified release and provide the SHA1 hash of the source. Check out the signed message at  If you're not familiar with PGP signed messages, read up an that to learn how to verify them. 
Point being the signature proves the code was in a certain state when the developer released it. If you test the SHA1 of the file you downloaded and it doesn't match, you got a corrupted/tampered/compromised file. If it matches, you know the source you have is the same source everyone else who's tested it has.
@_date: 2013-12-08 04:21:49
Welcome! MultiBit is a wallet management software, so you're heading in the right direction, but in order to get some Bitcoin, you can't purchase them directly through MultiBit. To obtain them, you have a few options:
* Open an account with an online exchange (which country are you in?)
* Communicate with someone in person who already has Bitcoin they're willing to sell (try [localbitcoins.com](
* Open an account with [Coinbase]( (if in US) and you can link your bank account from there and purchase directly.
Once you have Bitcoin in some exchange, $200 is plenty to get started; Bitcoins can be split up to 8 decimal places, so purchasing very small fractions of a whole coin are very permissible.
@_date: 2013-02-04 19:48:12
So my only goal while I have it is to try and find a sucker to buy it. I receive no benefit from holding it except *maybe* sending people to the site I chose? So, yes, it's exactly like the gem.
@_date: 2013-11-27 20:50:02
bitaddress.org uses an [ArcFour]( random number generator ([source]( so the means of creating the random numbers is known. What is not known is what time you loaded the page, how you moved your mouse around the page before you clicked "generate", and the timestamp of any other key presses you made on the page. All of which re-seed the random number generator.
So, to be secure, you should be waving your mouse around when prompted, and hit some random keystrokes at random intervals before hitting "generate" for your cold wallet addresses. If someone were able to reverse-engineer all those timestamps and mouse movements, yes, they could get your private key, but it would not cascade to all other users who used that service. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 13:14:34
It might require a pretty high DPI print to make sure the noise pattern is exact enough to line up well when folded, plus you would need the print to be laser-print; any inkjet print that got even a little wet would be ruined. A standard QR code can get a bit wet and bleed without ruining it, but this would be much more fragile.
And I agree with the previous comments about getting the fold exactly right in order to reveal the code; is there a balance that can be struck having the noise be a bit bigger in relation to a QR cell, so it's easier to line up, yet still hard to photograph?
@_date: 2013-12-08 06:43:52
With BitStamp and the other international exchanges, you don't connect your bank account directly, you use a bank wire transfer or similar to get money into them. 
@_date: 2013-03-03 22:27:54
Actually, there's a way to avoid that; it's a feature of the ECDSA encryption that you could have two people come up with two halves of a private key. So if another trusted creator of physical coins established themselves, they could work with Casascius to create physical coins/notes that had two (hidden) private keys on the object. Then the end recipient can scratch off both and know that neither of the two creators knew the private key during the creation of the physical object. However, since it's a convoluted process and needs the end user to combine two private keys to make it work, it hasn't really caught on.
@_date: 2018-12-24 14:02:44
I've seen it most commonly used as "Bitcoin" (capitalized) to refer to the whole infrastructure (e.g. "I'm interested in Bitcoin."; which then should not be plural),  while the unit of currency as "bitcoin" (lower-case), which then it makes sense to have a plural form to represent wallet values (e.g. "I bought my first bitcoin today! Now I have 0.01 bitcoins!"), but that seems to have a split on preference. So for unit listings, I just use "BTC" to be generic.
@_date: 2013-02-20 12:37:36
For generally-safe (i.e. not Fort Knox style "destroying the printer after you use it"), offline wallet use, I'd recommend go to  and save that page. Bitaddress.org works offline as a single file, and the community has gone over the code to ensure it does what it says it does (and doesn't record your private keys for sharing with the owner).
Disconnect from the internet and open your local HTML file of the Bitaddress.org script. Generate a wallet and print out two copies. Mail one to your Dad, and while you're waiting, add the PUBLIC key to your online wallet addressbook. That will allow you easy access to add funds to that wallet, but not spend them. Once you and your dad have backups of the private key, fund the account with coins that you won't use for a long while.
If you do need to spend them, input your private key into your online wallet and spend them. Then repeat the process to set up a new offline wallet for cold storage of coins (since now your private key is known by the online wallet service).
@_date: 2013-12-12 04:59:27
Check out  who already does something similar, but the payout is every block, and they use the hash of the block as the generator of the winning numbers
@_date: 2013-03-18 18:10:28
If the electric grid had a massive brownout, that could be mitigated by individual solar/wind/diesel generators on an individual basis. If electricity could be maintained to most of the Internet's backbone routers, in theory those still mining could communicate with each other ([according to Gizmodo]( it takes quite a bit to get the whole Internet to succumb).
Even if a disaster collapses the power grid and Internet (not an EMP pulse, just a meteor/nuclear war sort of thing that destroys a lot), paper wallets could still have value if someone somewhere has a copy of the blockchain. I think the biggest issue in that sort of apocalypse (where the majority of the P2P bitcoin network is disconnected from each other) would be trusting that whoever's doing the verifying of your BTC balance hasn't messed with their local version of the blockchain cache.
@_date: 2013-03-03 22:33:49
Instruct them to create a [web wallet account on blockchain.info]( That service has an Import feature that accepts lots of formats, so could import your private keys even if you don't use that service yourself. Blockchain.info is user-friendly enough that non-tech-savvy folk should be able to figure out how to at least get at the coins in that account (turning them back into fiat currency directly from that wallet isn't available, though).
@_date: 2013-12-10 22:50:03
I believe the term you're looking for is "change address"; when you split a single large input into two smaller inputs and intend to keep one for yourself (your "change"), you can send it to a new address, which is termed the "change address".
The way you can accomplish that on most wallets is to have the wallet generate a brand new address. Then when you go to spend the funds from the paper wallet, the app will ask you which change address you want to use. Choose the new address you created and after the transaction, none of the funds will go back on the paper wallet.
@_date: 2013-12-12 05:26:52
If you want to try spending money you don't have, try going to brainwallet.org and going to the Transactions tab. Put in your own address and put in an output greater than the input. Brainwallet.org will show you the hex code for the transaction data; copy that and try to send it with your `bitcoind` application's `sendrawtransaction` command (or head over to  Try sending it, and it will be immediately discarded as a bad transaction and won't show up in your wallet history.
@_date: 2013-12-18 20:52:03
Is that black and white wool? I'd be more concerned about the lava nearby lighting the whole thing on fire and burning it to the ground!
Replace it with Obsidian/Quartz for more blast and fire resistance! :)
@_date: 2013-01-28 12:16:07
Ah, so chargebacks are an issue with the underlying credit card structure, not the service that's incorporating them. So if you require your buyers to use a checking account tied to the payment service, that would remove the risk of chargebacks?
@_date: 2013-02-20 12:42:19
Well, I'd not use that address anymore, since now everyone on the internet knows that private key number (and could spend any money sent to it). But to import a private key, look through your client (or web client)'s options for an "import private key" option. Paste that in, and it should add the public address (1JFYozHDLPTFp1BzbE6vz6L764mcVNZVLm) to your list of addresses able to be spent out of.
@_date: 2013-11-27 21:40:33
Predictable, meaning able to see into the future what the result will be? That is unlikely, though a slim chance of happening.
Say I know you take the bus home from your day job so get home at a predictable time. On a day when Bitcoin crosses $1,000 (like today!) you might be inclined to create a new cold wallet. So I could guess the timestamps you'll generate on bitaddress.org will be around the time you get home (given time to check your news feeds and see the price spike), and I could start brute-forcing then, but I have no idea how many timestamps I'll need to use (how many keypresses you made before generating your address), so it's still a pretty huge number space to brute force, even if I know you generated an address in a given five-minute window (bitaddress.org uses millisecond timestamps). Huge, but not impossible, and I could churn away at it for a few years trying (if you generated a cold wallet address, odds are it will be around for a while). If anyone else was creating addresses at that time too, I stand a chance of hacking their address too.
So it's a very, very slim chance, but not impossible, and you can make it much harder to do by doing lots of random keypresses on your browser before generating (PSA: do this).
EDIT: If you're paranoid and think someone will try to brute-force your timestamps based on your predictable schedule, try this: change the date/time on your computer! Bitaddress.org uses client-side scripting, so the date/time used is off the computer's clock. So set it to something unpredictable, and you'll make it even harder to brute-force.
@_date: 2013-12-17 03:24:34
Read up on Coinbase's [security measures]( the majority of funds they don't keep in hot wallets. Coinbase doesn't show you your own input address' private keys, because they move the funds around and your coins may not be at those addresses anymore since they transferred them to cold storage.
Part of the service they offer is the management of that cold/hot storage, to avoid the security issues of "web wallets" as you mention.
@_date: 2013-02-22 22:46:35
A private key leads to one and only one public key. That's the basis for asymmetric keys in general.
Services that make "deterministic" IDs are using your password (or whatever about it is "deterministic") as a seed to a random number generator, and pulling a private key off of that. One deterministic password could lead to multiple addresses if you want (just keep pulling from the same, seeded, random number generator).
A bitcoin address is the public key component of the ECDSA key pair. You can derive the public key from the private key using some decently difficult math (multiplication of vector points over an eleptic curve domain group or some such gobbldy-gook), or you can use  and go to the "Wallet Details" tab to do the math for you! Just enter a private key and see what the public key ends up as. So, yes you do need both public and private to sign a transaction, but you can derive the public from the private, so you really only need the private key.
@_date: 2013-05-10 11:21:28
The point of an offline computer, disabling java/javascript/flash is to ensure (as much as possible) that there are no malware on the machine that might be keylogging, or watching for your private keys as they are generated. 
Disabling flash on your main, online computer will definitely limit the usefulness of the computer, as sites like YouTube rely on it. You would only need to do that on a machine you're prepping to make some paper wallet keys on.
@_date: 2013-02-26 12:53:00


One private key leads to one and only one public key, which leads to one bitcoin address. To get a new address, your client needs to create a new private key.
@_date: 2013-02-25 22:23:05
You're not being dense; the inner workings of the Bitcoin system get very technical very fast. Because Bitcoin addresses are based on the [Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (ECDSA)]( the public keys are **twice** as long as the private keys: A public key is actually two very long integers concatenated with each other, and the private key is just one very long integer. 
Since the public keys are so long (128 hex characters long), it's much more convenient to use a hash of them. But a hash is one-way, so you can no longer get back to the public key if you only have the hash of it (the bitcoin address). The public key is hashed with [RIPEMD-160]( plus some checksums to get a 25-byte integer, which is 50 hex characters long. Better, but still quite long. So instead of being represented with hexadecimal (16 different characters), base-58 is used (58 different characters), so the same integer can be expressed with only 27-34 characters. So the bitcoin address is ~30 characters. 
Because the bitcoin address is a hash of a public key and not the public key itself, transactions in the blockchain effectively give the coins to "anyone who has a private key that has a related public key that hashes down to this particular string" (rather than "to the owner of the private key that has this exact public key"). Since hashing is supposed to be one-way and largely collision-free, odds are good that only one public key that hashes down to that bitcoin address could exist, and only that person can spend them.
The private key on the other hand, can't be hashed, because in order to import it and use it, the process needs to be reversible. So, the process by which the 32-byte (64 hex characters) private key is reduced to 51 characters is the ["wallet import"]( method. 51 characters is still long, but now it has error-correcting to prevent typos.
**TL;DR** Because the private key has to be reversible, its not hashed, but just given a checksum. Public keys are longer than private keys, but don't need to be known by the sender, so a hash will do, which is how they can be expressed shorter than private keys.
@_date: 2013-10-10 11:29:39
And "proof of ownership" is really "proof that I have the private key of the last known owner". And you don't need to give the phone your actual private key, due to the "signing" feature of Bitcoin addresess. When the phone is locked and you say you want to prove ownership, it generates a random string and asks you to sign it with your ownership password. Enter that signature, and it can verify it was signed by the proper address, without knowing your private key.
@_date: 2013-02-08 12:29:07


Look again; the point being made is that "standard Bitcoin nodes" do not accept non-standard scripts. Yes, non-standard miners (like Eligius) can choose to accept them, but the point is that the overwhelming majority of client nodes (the standard Bitcoin client), would not accept the transaction and it wouldn't make it into a block. 
So, yes you are correct there are non-standard script transactions on the chain, but that's not the point being made. The point is you have to jump through some pretty tiny hoops to get it accomplished at the moment.
@_date: 2013-02-04 19:36:37
The paper art was created through a [contest]( Casascius started over on BitcoinTalk.org.
The winning artwork was picked up by a few people, including [BitAddress.org]( (click "Paper Wallet" to get the bill layout).
However, their script uses HTML Canvas items on top of other Canvas items, and CSS transforms to get the text overlay, which don't work on my Chrome browser. I created my own [fork]( that creates bills much larger, and uses one canvas element, so you can "Right-click &gt; Save" the image in Firefox.
If you're looking to generate paper wallets securely, the BitAddress.org HTML (and my fork) does run offline (all the javascript and images are embedded in the one file). Save the site's HTML, disconnect from the network, then launch your local HTML to generate the wallets. That way you can be (more) assured that nothing is seeing your private keys as you generate them.
@_date: 2013-02-09 02:14:57
Try  and see if someone near you has bitcoins, and wants your giftcard.
@_date: 2013-12-05 20:58:31
Yes, you can get it on Android via the Android Scripting Layer; instructions on Electrum's site [here](
@_date: 2013-12-03 12:40:53
If you have the means to really protect those funds (We're talking half a million dollars here; meaning, you're willing to prep an offline computer, generate a new set of addresses that are not brainwallets, but truly random, print it out multiple copies of the keys, transfer the funds to those wallets (breaking up that huge sum into several smaller addresses), wipe the printer and the computer, and store the multiple copies in multiple safe-deposit boxes), I'd say make like and sweep them out of kindness to the original owner, whose likely to have someone not so kind as you run into them sooner or later.
If we can get btcrobinhood to notice this thread, perhaps they can help (or even sweep and hold them for you), since they've been doing that exact thing for a while now with an automatic brainwallet scraper/sweeper.
@_date: 2013-12-01 05:22:07
Okay, thanks!
From some of the comments [here]( it sounds like `/dev/urandom/` will regenerate its seed upon launch, and it only needs system entropy from `/dev/random/` during the OS installation. So, my question is then if you're using a pre-built Linux live CD, is that pre-seed for `dev/urandom` already set and the same for everyone who uses that live-CD image? So would that mean if many people used that live-CD image could there be key collisions if the first thing after booting was to launch Electrum? Or am I misunderstanding seeding of `/dev/urandom/`?
@_date: 2013-02-28 21:56:55


Is there technical documentation on this anywhere? I'd be interested in learning more about that unique property.
@_date: 2013-03-08 12:23:29
The above statement is for INDIVIDUAL calculations (based on a hashrate of 800 MH/s). "One block every 10 minutes" is the GLOBAL output of all the miners' hashrates ([currently]( around 42,000,000 MH/s) merged together. 
@_date: 2013-12-02 22:56:59
Ah, did not realize you could put in a hex-based seed value in the restore prompt! Though to be clear you really did mean 32 hex digits (16 bytes) and not 32 bytes! I tried messing around with 32-byte inputs and got some weird results.
Looking at the [chain-code creator on Brainwallet.org]( it looks like there's a "Chain code" that by default is only 16 bytes long, and that gets stretched to be a 32-byte "Root Key". If you generate a hex chain code and enter that in Electrum's create/restore dialog, you get the same addresses generated as you do on brainwallet.org (success!). However, I first tried entering a 32-byte hex string into Electrum (the "Root Key" generated on brainwallet.org) as a test, and got very different addresses. It looks like Electrum accepts the 32-byte chain code, and when you click to view the word-translation of it, you get 24 words instead. Brainwallet.org accepts a 24-word input as well, and generates the same addresses as Electrum. So it's possible to create longer seeds, it seems, should you want to?
Thanks for all your helpful suggestions!
+2 internets
Though as a long-time D&amp;D player, I'll question your calling out a d16 as D&amp;D-related; that game system doesn't use that specific type of die (as far as I know; is there addon to the newest version that does?); You can buy d16 and hexidice custom, but my long-time gaming set as a d12 and a d20, but nothing in the middle. But having a d20 allows me to emulate a d16 by just re-rolling 17-20s (which I plan to do!)
@_date: 2013-04-25 17:23:20
One of the issues I have with implementing a cold storage system (and sticking with it), is the constant booting/rebooting into online/offline mode. With a setup using Electrum/Armory that helps make it easier to do the actual transaction creating/signing, the majority of my time is still spent waiting for my computer to boot up switching between online/offline. If you have the luxury of two computers (and a USB thumb drive), the process goes a bit faster, but not everyone has an extra computer lying around.
To that end, thank you for your tips of using Blockchain.info to push a transaction ( and generating the unsigned transaction using Brainwallet's code. With that, the unsigned transaction can be created on the offline computer, and signed on the offline computer (no reboot! Yay!), and using Blockchain, it can be ANY online computer (not just yours, and not even needing a bitcoin client on it). So I could take my laptop to the library/internet cafe, boot my laptop in offline mode and use the library/cafe's computer to broadcast it.
+tip 10 mBTC verify
@_date: 2013-05-04 13:08:03


Really? What all-inclusive resorts take BTC as payment...?
@_date: 2013-05-04 02:21:39
At the end of day 3:


Little bit of spin there; she's got 1.3 left of her own original investments, but her [tip account]( has seen over 8 BTC in donations come through (looks like she sent 1 BTC to that account to start, and she's been moving coins out of that account periodically, but it's seen 9 BTC total received at the moment), so that 'plus tips' is a rather large chunk of her bankroll.
True, the average person wouldn't get that much in tips just for writing a story, or living their daily lives, but it's worth noting how much she has gotten in tips.