@_author: midnightonmars
@_date: 2019-06-19 20:37:21
My understanding of the spec on this issue is that when you send a secure off-chain transaction via the Phonon Network it's direct between individuals like cash and it's not on the public ledger. The issue isn't with security but with a third party alleging you didn't pay them. This system does not use hubs, trusted third parties, or intermediaries of any sort. When you receive the secure offline payment it only goes back on chain (and you only then pay a TX fee) when you choose to batch settle back to the Bitcoin public ledger.
@_date: 2019-06-19 21:09:31
When you initially provision the smart card you can opt to make a copy or back up the BIP39 mnemonic, but otherwise that's true. You can also use three or more cards to set up secure n-of-m multisig right out of the box.
@_date: 2017-07-30 20:29:14
You are totally right - I'm basing all this on the assumption that BTC will retain a higher value and will be considered the original asset you purchased. As for non-contentious hard forks that are just protocol upgrades, I don't think there is economic substance indicating a transaction on the investor's part that would force them to recognize a gain.
Your second scenario would force me to reassess everything I wrote and maybe flip that advice. In this case, when preparing my own taxes, I would treat the sole surviving chain as the original asset because I can legitimately argue that case and it's also to my advantage in terms of paying as little tax as possible if I wasn't selling at that point. This all gets into a gray area - the guidance on crypto is no well fleshed out and a good CPA can present all of this in a way that minimizes your tax liability while remaining legally compliant. If you are dealing with a lot of money and can find a really good CPA with some familiarity with cryptocurrency, they'll probably save you a lot more than they charge.
@_date: 2017-07-30 20:18:13
You're right, I applied the most conservative approach because I don't know how to appropriately value BCH on 8/1. The price is going to fluctuate wildly and most of the value will remain with BTC.
In a stock split you're retaining the same investment you originally had even though the number of outstanding shares has changed in total. A crypto fork doesn't really have much of a precedent that I can think of off hand. I'd say this approach works mainly because I think most of the value will stay with BTC - I'd want the tax basis of my original coins to be as high as possible so I recognize less capital gain when I sell. If you split the basis 50/50 with the BCH and declare a loss on selling it immediately then you might be limited in how much loss you can apply to that year's tax return  unless you have a lot of short term gains to offset.
@_date: 2017-07-30 21:38:24
In certain circumstances that's true, like if you were trading valuable paintings, and the IRS really hasn't provided clear guidelines in terms of how cryptocurrency should be treated so maybe that's applicable here. I usually think of crypto tax in terms of treatment of investment securities, and 1031 doesn't apply to stocks, bonds, or other securities. So I think you could do things your way and argue that perspective, but it's kind of a substance vs form issue - gains or losses are being realized so I think it would be most appropriate to treat it as such.
But at the end of the day the IRS hasn't really made all this clear. So I think most people can cover their ass without being boy scouts about it. Realistically most people will probably just report sales to fiat and not report crypto to crypto trades. They'll probably be fine with this if they're not asked to produce full transaction records from their exchange accounts under audit. Sneakier people probably use exchanges with strict AML/KYC regulations (GDAX, Gemini, etc.) as a fiat on and off ramp and then used the less stringent foreign ones for trading between currencies. People day trading on the U.S. exchanges may find themselves with a bill down the road on unreported transactions but we're not there yet. A few years from now I imagine the big exchanges will probably issue U.S. customers something like a 1099 from a brokerage firm and people won't spend time stressing over this stuff.
@_date: 2017-07-30 21:45:55
You're right, but I still don't know how to appropriately determine FMV in this circumstance. The dust will all be settled on the hard fork by tax time though and the IRS may even finally issue some guidance by then. If not, there may be some wiggle room to assign basis in the split in a way that best diminishes the investor's tax liability.
@_date: 2017-07-30 21:41:41
Good point! I edited my post above.
@_date: 2017-07-30 20:00:45
This is 100% correct. A crypto to crypto trade locks in a substantive gain and is taxable.
Additionally, section 1031 doesn't apply to personal property. The more applicable scenario would be something like two companies exchanging similar manufacturing equipment without any cash changing hands.
@_date: 2017-07-30 19:44:17
In the United States, the chain split will result in you receiving a new asset (Bitcoin Cash) with a purchase date of 8/1 and a tax basis of $0. If you sell your BCH in less than one year, 100% of the proceeds are short-term capital gains and are treated as ordinary income. If you wait till August 2, 2018, you will receive the favorable long-term tax treatment.
These coins will be considered totally separate and selling your BCH will not cause you to recognize gain or loss on your original BTC holdings.
To address the other comments in here about in-kind transactions, the CPAs and Tax LLMs I discussed section 1031 in-kind treatment with do not believe this applies to cryptocurrency. The general consensus is that if you trade one cryptocurrency for another it is a taxable event. If you immediately trade your BCH for BTC you will owe short term capital gains tax on the equivalent market price of BTC at the time of purchase. (e.g. Trade your BCH for 10 BTC at a market price of $2,000 then you will have to declare STCG of $20,000.)
However, even though everyone generally agrees on this matter, the AICPA has not received clarification from the IRS on crypto taxation so the guidelines are pretty vague. I wouldn't advise it, but you could try and claim it if you prepared your own taxes and hope that doing so demonstrated attempted compliance with the law, but you are basically just rolling the dice that you don't get audited. Same thing as not reporting crypto to crypto trades and just hoping they don't get discovered during audit. If you're dealing with substantial amounts of money have a professional deal with this for you and be able to sleep at night.
EDIT: Changed the date for qualifying for LTCG per the correct input below.