@_author: mihori_1015
@_date: 2018-07-05 23:12:43
I really hate this scumbag, he’s basically saying every other people who believes in Crypto is SHABI, who works for Crypto is Shaba, and Crypto is based on SHABI Consensus, there’s no value at all.
He isn’t billionaire at all, he basically used his public image of early Bitcoin investor to solicit funds from investors, and claimed those funds are his money and to steal more money from more investors. 
One successful Chinese entrepreneur and blockchain pro-activist CHEN WEIXIN had stood up and made many claims about LI XIAO LAI in weibo, you can check the original post here: 
He deserved to be blacklisted in crypto world, so I will do the translation for you guys:
1. He is not the billionaire at all. On the contrast, he had raised a lot of bitcoins and money by various means. The money needed to be paid back. There is a high probability that he is actually a billion-debtor in the Crypto. Including 30,000 bitcoins from Bitfund, 300 million RMB from INB, and more than 20 ponzi scheme crypto projects and vaporware coins from Bigone such as big, one, pressone. During all these years, he raised funds from over a dozen legal companies and mutual funds with Aligroup ($10,000 - $100,000 RMB from retail investors). These money are illegal fund-raising, the money has to be returned! He always used these money to create an illusion that he is the richest man in Chinese crypto, but in fact, it’s very likely that he doesn’t even have enough money to return all the debt he owed. 
2. The deposited tokens from his Bigone exchange platform are seriously suspected of being misappropriated used or stolen. The hot and cold wallets from official disclosures had only a few thousand of ETH and around 200 bitcoins left. This kind position holding is even smaller than a usual crypto-whale, it’s impossible for a exchange to have such small amount of coins. Bigone platform used 40&amp; profit dividends to issue his platform coin “BIG” token and raised funds, then he stopped the trading and delisted the coin from the platform, and used the same model later to issue another “ONE” token, and then cancelled and delisted again. For “Pressone” token he said he will refund all the money when Chinese government banned crypto on September 4th, but then he still went IEO, and 90&amp; of retail investors lost money. He did this on over 20s shitcoins, and Bigone exchange is his personal noob money grinder.  
3. How he run his ponzi scheme is to pull a large chat group of 3-4 million people on telegram, and constantly kick out those who have different options as “inappropriate investors”, and keep pulling in new/noob investors who came for his “BITCOIN RICHEST” illusion, and there SHABI are his main targets to sell coins, but some of them knew they were in a ponzi scheme, but just hoped to make money with newcomers. 
4. He used the “No Financial Middleman in Blockchain” concept and justified that why he needed to raise funds directly from retail investors. He used the name of blockchain community and righteous words to collect money, he does not protect un-educated public, he stained the whole crypto world, and he is like a cancer TUMOUR to crypto. That’s why i need to expose him here.
5. He engaged in the so-called "tens of billions of funds" in a city of China. He used the uninformed local government and the government policy of blockchain venture capital to create a illusion that his fund is “government fund” and backed up by government, but the government didn’t even invest any penny. Now He only raised over tens of millions RMB, but he used the name of “tens of billion of government fund” to deceive and solicit money from more institutions and retail investors. Since the government and institutions seem to be on his side, which makes his fund became so trustworthy around retail investors. This kind fraud tactic must be exposed. 
6. In the blockchain industry, there are a lot of people who want to do real things to create value. Li Xiao Lai attempted to pull everyone into water and claimed the water is dirty that everyone is liar, in order to rationalize his scam behaviour. This is very evil, and will confuse public’s viewpoint. I personally have no conflict with him, and simply because I cannot stand this kind industry cancer behaviour. 