@_author: miket246
@_date: 2017-06-11 11:13:16
I have to explain Segwit to a "non-tech", and I'm not very "tech" myself. Having read everything here, I've come up with this explanation. I'd be very grateful if you all could correct it (as gently as possible,please).
"Much of the confusion over Segwit comes from taking “segregated” too literally! There is no “separate” database, new data structure, new type of parallel block or special Myrkle Tree for signatures. It is simply a question of who stores what.
Old nodes AND Segwit-enabled nodes both receive new transactions, including the signature data, as usual for validation. The validation is in 3 parts. The first is to track the bitcoin amount back to the genesis block, or the moment it was mined (like tracking a $10 note back when it was minted). This does not require the signature data because it simply checks that the unspent bitcoin in a particular address has an authentic transaction history. The second part does use the signature data to prove that the owner is authentic and has the right to transact these bitcoin. The third part (though not relevant here) locks the bitcoins to the recipient's address.
“Segwit” occurs when a new block is broadcast to the network. If you are an old node with a block-size limit of 1 mb, you will receive (and save) the block containing all the transactions BUT with the signature data left blank. Because the signature data consumes 60% of the data of each transaction, the block can now consist of many more (signature-free) transactions. Crudely, it can contain 100/60 more transactions, or 1.7 times the previous amount and not exceed the limit of 1 mb. Remember, from above, that nodes need only the transaction history for the first part of the validation; the absence of signature data does not interfere with this.
It follows that Segwit-enabled nodes, which receive new blocks with the signature data as before, have a larger block-size limit of about 1.7 mb. Eventually, all the old nodes will upgrade to accept the larger block size and Segwit itself will become redundant."
