@_author: mikenotmyname
@_date: 2017-12-16 06:25:23
GREAT advice my friend. buy at the dip all the way till Christmas. Honestly some of the easiest money. BUY like 70-100 shares see a 10% gain. wait for the dip. 
Nice to see this comment as I was buying the dip all week and made my best gains of the year. Would see a 10% gain in 40 min then sell. see a dip a few hours later buy 70 more shares then see a 10% gain and sell.
DO you mind me asking - did you sell all your shares before close today? personally, I'm holding 100+ but I know holding over the weekend is pure gambling.
@_date: 2017-12-19 18:56:08


imo it's highly speculative more so today than yesterday and more so tomorrow than today - at least in the short term. I think as more articles come out (ex  GBTC will be harder to predict. There are certain fundamental it seems ie each share is back by a little more than .0919 bitcoin per share and that there are high fees. But beyond that, there isn't much information that necessarily explains the price movement, the volatile movement and in particular it's upward trend. 
Personally, I've searched for as much information on this stock as possible. I've also made more on this stock this past week than I did all of last year trading. so obviously I was lucky and it's hard to attribute my gains to anything but my ability to handle risk.
Moving forward I think your best option, if you do want to buy, is waiting for the daily dip. For instance today it was around 2660 per share. NOW getting it at the lowest price is not necessary and also very hard. I surely didn't. But if you see it start crashing then look to buy in. today anywhere around 3100+/- 50 was/is a good price. Even 3224 is a good price. ALSO very important, if you are day trading this, is to know when to sel. If you booked 100+ per share profit imo you should sell. I do this because I don't know when a crash could hit. I could write more but this is all the time I have for now.'
if you have any insight/info/questions, please post them. I'd love to get more discussing on this going. 
PS I worte this quickly so there may be some errors.
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:18:42
WRONG you will not come out ahead. you can trade GBTC in your IRA and make much more money. If you can't see how then I'm sorry.(if you genuinely want to learn how pm and we can talk)  You don't seem to understand that just because you think something is a *rip off* doesn't mean you shouldn't trade the stock. I'm not saying you should hold it. I'm saying you should buy the dips and sell when you see some gains. Please don't give advice re liquidating a portion of their IRA - it's reckless.
@_date: 2017-12-16 06:03:31
cause if man thinks GBTC is going to go up 10% then man should buy it to reap the 10% gain. happy to answer anymore questions? or if you have any advice/ concerns? disclaimer I've traded GBTC and made significant gains. I just don't see why I shouldn't trade it. I get there is a premium of sorts but it doesn't matter what I think. **What matters is what the price is going to be.**
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:05:46
Thank you for saying this. It seems people think just because a stock is acting in a way that contradicts their view or even a fundamental view that they can profit and everyone else holding is stupid. Gets me so mad tbh.
@_date: 2017-12-16 06:15:25
hey man how do you feel about the price now? PRO tip: when investing it doesn't matter how you feel. what matters is how others feel. If you can do that you'd understand the price of BTCH. The price will continue to rise with some dips. now my Real pro tip(reward if you made it this far) buy the dips BTCH. Sure you can do the same with actual bitcoin but for some doing it with BTCH is much easier because the platform is the same they use to trade stock and already funded with money etc. lets chat in 2 weeks 
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:55:48
No worries? lol I don't think  is worried you criticizing him tripling his account. What people fail to understand is that it's *practically* irrelevant that the premium is an absurd amount. What matters is that people are buying and as a trader you can make a profit by buying the dip and selling the highs. I love investor who believes if *they* think it's a bad investment they shouldn't trade it. What you think is irrelevant, i'll say it again IRRELEVANT. WHAT matters is what others think and what others are willing to buy it at. 