@_author: mike3574
@_date: 2012-02-16 12:58:54
 Which is exactly what P2P Exchange will do, only much, much, more efficiently! You are connected to the world, not just local people willing to exchange and no centralized 3rd party. Theoretically, you can still get scammed in person. They can take your money and run (literally). In P2P Exchange that won't even be physically possible lol.
@_date: 2012-02-15 08:44:45
I have started a project to create a decentralized, P2P Crypto Exchange (P2PX). You can read about it on bitcointalk here: 
At the time of posting that however, there have been some changes. Let me explain how it will work. There are two key features that will work together. A blockchain and a "Trader Bot". The Trader Bot will have direct access to your payment gateway account. It can be Dwolla, PayPal, Paxum, Liberty Reserve or ANY OTHER payment gateway. Since it is Open Source, we hope that eventually we could have it working with EVERY PAYMENT GATEWAY imaginable and EVERY WORLD CURRENCY (thus creating a truely international market).
It does not matter what their policy is or what kind of regulations exist because there is no way for them to know what you are purchasing. When you make a trade, if you are using Paxum, then you would send money directly to the other trader's Paxum account and then you get the Bitcoins or other altcoin. The way security is ensured is through the blockchain that will record all trades. I had thought of creating a new blockchain specifically for the exchange but felt it would complicate matters too much. People would have to mine this new blockchain etc. and we already have so many out there. So we did experiments with the Namecoin blockchain. We're looking into using the Bitcoin blockchain now, however, because it is a bigger, stonger network and less susceptible to attack. If we succeed in this (and it looks promising) we will effectively be adding new functionality to Bitcoin, thus giving it more purpose for existence.
We currently have only one coder and I have been working on the frontend (GUI). So, if you are a coder and interested in contributing to this project please contact me. You can send me a Private Message here or at bitcointalk.org. I use the same username there.
EDIT: I also forgot to mention that there is NO web-of-trust involved. There is no need for it! :-)
@_date: 2012-02-15 16:22:36
 "Regarding speculation being harder with such a system." It will not be harder and it will not take a long time to exchange bitcoins. It will be instant. You buy something on a website with PayPal and the transaction is instant right? This is no different! You send money, you get bitcoins! 1! 2! 3! Easy! If anything, it's actually quicker than the centralized exchanges because you don't have to send money from your payment gateway to the exchange. Once money is in your payment gateway of choice you're ready to go! Furthermore, I have plans in the future to add advanced features such as short selling, etc. My goal is for it to eventually become a full-featured trading software. So, whatever your trading needs are, we are planning to have them fulfilled. But for now the most important thing is getting the basic system up and running and safe and scam-proof. All that extra stuff will come later.
Regarding payment gateways being tracked and controlled by the state: Of course that is true of payment gateways. But since you are merely sending money to another person there is no way they can associate the transaction with bitcoin. It's anyone's guess why money was sent from person A to person B.
 "How would this diifer from OTC exchange?" OTC works on a web-of-trust. This does not require 1 bit of trust. If our system works, you will be able to trade with the shadiest character on the net and not worry about getting scammed. It will be totally scam proof.
I hope I've cleared up any misconceptions or misunderstandings anyone might of had. If anything else needs to be cleared up please let me know!
All Best,
@_date: 2012-02-15 12:27:22
It IS possible! Of course fiat will always be centralized. But the trading network doesn't have to be. The way my exchange will work is you trade peer to peer with the payment gateway of your choice. So say you have Paxum and you see a sell order willing to accept Paxum as payment. When you complete the trade, the "Trader Bot" (that has access to your Paxum account) will send the USD to the other trader's Paxum account. As you can see here, Paxum is centralized, but the TRADING NETWORK is DECENTRALIZED. Read more in the above two links if you want to know more.
@_date: 2012-02-15 10:39:57
Thank you for your kind message. I will not rest till we find a way for it to work. If Satoshi Nakamoto could figure out how to stop double spending in Bitcoin then we can also figure out how to eliminate the need for trust in a p2p exchange. I feel confident we will succeed.
If anyone is a coder and wished to contribute to this project, please Private Message me here or at Bitcointalk.org. I use the same username there.
@_date: 2012-02-15 09:29:30
I've already started a project for this. View information about it here: 
and the original thread here: 
@_date: 2012-02-15 20:52:40
There have been some updates since I wrote that on bitcointalk. All the orders are recorded in the bitcoin blockchain. Even then of course a scammer could modify the code of their Trader Bot to send false info to the blockchain to scam people. However, I do have a method to stop scams all-together. But I am not going to disclose it till I'm sure it works. It does look promising though. I will post an update when I have something to say about it.
BTW: You also have to be logged in and active for 4 hours as well before you can post in the rest of the bitcointalk forum. I think it's a bit ridiculous. I used an auto refresh script in greasemonkey to get through the 4 hour thing. Or, alternately you could request to be whitelisted.