@_author: mike_hearn
@_date: 2015-06-18 08:35:30
No, the whitepaper has an entire section talking about how that *doesn't* have to be true, the one labelled "Simplified Payment Verification", because Satoshi knew nobody would take Bitcoin seriously with such a ridiculous requirement in it.
@_date: 2015-06-15 16:20:46
The core protocol has never been trustless. Look at the games that can be played with addr broadcasts for one simple example. Indeed, you trust your peers in all kinds of ways (e.g. that they will relay transactions to miners for you).
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:40:10
There is another, separate change needed to allow really large transactions. I thought about trying to roll it in with the block size change but decided against it. If the XT hard fork is successful then we can always make such improvements later.
@_date: 2015-06-12 15:25:28


Lawrence, where have I ever said that? Can you show me what quote you are thinking of?
@_date: 2015-06-29 12:04:51
Yes, I read it the same way.
It's become clear lately that there are a LOT of web developers out there who do not know how to write thread safe code, and many of them don't even realise that's what they're doing because they use platforms like Node which claim to not be multi-threaded. Of course, the moment you spin up multiple servers and have a shared resource (database) you effectively are fully parallel and must understand how to do that.
Race conditions that can be exploited to earn money aren't something unique to the Bitcoin world. Starbucks had a race in their website that let you just rack up fake dollars on their loyalty cards.
Reliably writing thread safe code is extremely hard, even for experienced developers who have done it a lot. So this won't be the last time we hear about such things at all. It probably happens all the time.
@_date: 2015-06-01 17:08:53
I think we'll try and address these questions once Gavin has submitted a patch to XT.
Briefly, SPV clients understand re-orgs so that should not be an issue. The update would probably be gated on either a date or miner adoption, so the idea is, the fork would occur only after a majority of miners have upgraded. If you're on the wrong side of it then yes double spending can occur: people will just have to watch out for that. There is a chain split monitor built in to Core and it knows how to run a command if there's an alert: merchants that are using a full node directly should hopefully have this wired to the mail command or some other mechanism that will get their attention. If not, they may have problems.
@_date: 2015-06-25 13:41:55
Andreas Schildbach's wallet lets you set a trusted node, in the settings screen.
It's true that this is without authentication or encryption. I keep asking for someone to implement that, but it turns out that there's a very small number of people who care about privacy above all else, and then most people care more about other things (e.g. performance, features).
@_date: 2015-06-17 21:44:23
The point of adding crypto/auth to P2P is that when you establish a payment channel, you want to make sure you're paying the entity you think you're paying i.e. the one you're receiving service from.
Now, it's probably possible to do that without a general auth layer for every message. The way payment channels work means you can sometimes come up with a clever way to bind the payment and the work together even in the absence of a secure channel. But it sure helps a lot if you have one - and it's better for privacy too. As you're paying for filtering of blocks, passive interception is a potentially big deal.
So the idea would be a kind of SSH model where if an IP address changes keys, you just don't use it, you go use a different IP instead. If the attacker is very close to you, network wise, they might be able to just force you to accept their attack or not connect to the network at all. But a large class of real world attackers e.g. 5-EYES don't have that ability. They have taps on a few network cables but by no means all of them. So switching between IP addresses can be the difference between "I cross a tapped cable" and "I don't cross a tapped cable". Additionally, there's some evidence that their gear is designed to do only very, very lightweight MITM like injecting bogus DNS responses (single packet) rather than full rewriting of arbitrary streams at line rate (which is very expensive).
So these things aren't quite the same threat model as you may be used to for logging in to your email provider. MITM is more something to discourage by making it more expensive/harder than something you can beat entirely. Assuming, of course, the pure P2P model. If you pick a node you trust and stick with it, it can be fully secure against even full MITM.
@_date: 2015-06-23 10:14:27
I made a concrete suggestion of text to insert into BIP 1 on the mailing list, however, Wladimir rejected it.
@_date: 2015-06-15 16:28:13


You weren't around at the time but when Bitcoin was new and I first used it, it was normal that nearly all transactions were free. So that's not quite the explosive example you were aiming for.


If a fork happens it's because there *is* consensus (as expressed through the block chain).
@_date: 2015-06-15 17:09:01
@_date: 2015-06-02 17:40:28


It's not really.
Remember what we had before Facebook? MySpace.
Remember how many privacy controls MySpace had? None at all. Everything you posted on MySpace was public.
Facebook won the market largely because it had clean design, focused on real names (so you could find your friends easily without exchanging opaque usernames), and because everything you posted could be restricted to just friends. It was a social network literally defined by privacy. And they have iterated their privacy controls constantly since.
The idea that Facebook/Google/Twitter/etc hate privacy isn't really based in logic. It's usually an argument like "ads mumble mumble selling private data mumble government". Well, when these companies were founded Bitcoin did not exist, so the alternative to advertising was charging people money. And lots of people around the world have no way to pay for things online because they have no credit cards (e.g. lots of people in Germany or India fall into this category), so that'd have locked out huge chunks of the global population. For a social network that has connecting people as its mission statement, that's kind of a problem. And for the people who do have credit cards, those cards are privacy-destroying nightmares: all your transaction data gets uploaded directly to the US Government, your banks know everything, *and* Google/Facebook/Twitter get your passport name and your physical address too.
People tend to associate advertising with loss of privacy, but ads are effectively an anonymous micropayment scheme. If you think about the alternatives, most of them are worse for privacy. Bitcoin might be a viable replacement one day but it's too small for large scale companies at the moment.
Additionally, the services these companies provide can't be provided without them having access to your data. If you think about how you implement even basic things like Facebook Messenger without Facebook seeing your messages, it's really tough:   but to their credit, their WhatsApp team are experimenting with end-to-end crypto anyway. They are making some pretty major sacrifices to get it though.
@_date: 2015-06-19 13:54:18
Yes! Lots! You can ask on the Bitcoin XT list or just email me directly if you're looking for small jobs (that are more appealing than "write unit tests"). I will be happy to point you in the right direction after we discuss what you're interests are.
@_date: 2015-06-01 10:54:08
It simply flips it around: people who upgraded and saw a 1mb block would have been hard forked off. I don't recognise the distinction between soft and hard forks anyway: this is an inappropriate distinction based on the idea of "backwards compatibility", which is undesirable in a consensus system.
@_date: 2015-06-15 17:38:59
Right, I agree. Just pointing it out in case anyone wants to super-charge your spreadsheet with even larger figures.
@_date: 2015-06-03 21:13:46
BIP44 *requires* that you auto discover other accounts and display them. You cannot implement BIP44 and not support multiple accounts, which is one reason why some wallets don't support it. It basically mandates a myTREZOR style user interface.
@_date: 2015-06-03 12:24:35


Um, the way they work is exactly how Satoshi intended them to work. They follow the hardest block chain and assume the majority of mining hash power is honest. That's why it's called *simplified* payment verification.
To check that transactions are in the hardest chain, SPV wallets verify Merkle branches. These are a form of mathematical proof. You could call it an anti-fraud proof if you like, though it's not a common way to phrase things.
It would certainly be nicer if we could strengthen the original SPV model to go beyond what Satoshi laid out in his white paper. But to say they are not "proper" wallets or that you "need" a way to prove fraud isn't correct: the wallets do what they were designed to do, and have lots of users who are successfully using them every day.
@_date: 2015-12-29 19:28:32
He predicted GPU mining right from the start. Quoting an email from him to me in 2009:


He also had something to say on fees:


(emphasis mine)
@_date: 2015-06-07 19:16:43
Yes, VisaNet is very impressive. I wonder if you are really the Visa PR department - if so, I hope you are happy that we all use your company as the Gold Standard of traffic figures, and I'm sure you've been enjoying watching your newest competitor thrash around in the block size debates.
I wrote the page in question. I think your statement is not correct. The Scalability wiki page does not mention 24,000 tps anywhere (are you looking at some different version?), and it uses Visa figures from 2013, not 2011. Check the link in the first paragraph. It goes to a 2013-era blog post that it seems Visa has since removed: too bad, but the numbers from it are still in the page:
Your number of 60,000 tps doesn't seem to be anywhere on the Visa website or in any recent press release. I will assume therefore that you really are Visa PR and this figure will appear in some official communication sometime soon, as bumping peak capacity by 4ktps sounds perfectly plausible .... I'm guessing that this fairly small increase comes from improved software optimisations and possibly further US EMV rollouts that reduce your risk analysis overheads.
From watching the rather cool Minority Report-esque video on your linked page, the current best traffic figure we have is "up to 10,000 tps". That used to be peak traffic terms during the shopping season and I suspect it's now more like peak daily rates.
This is very far from the peak load test rates. It's not possible to directly compare these figures with Bitcoin. That is partly because in a highly centralised system like VisaNet there are a handful of very large datacenters. So for redundancy there must be overcapacity. Your figure would amount to approx 3x overprovisioning which is relatively standard in the high end data processing world (allow for 1 cluster in maintenance, 1 broken and 1 live simultaneously).
Now, I think anyone who has a wiki account can refresh the scalability page, but if nobody does then eventually I will. It's not a very high priority compared to other things because "visa scale" has always just been a shorthand for "very large amounts of traffic". The difference between very large and "very large times 2" doesn't actually change much about the underlying arguments on that page, in the end. The calculations show that with today's technology a Bitcoin node should be able to process (now) about half Visa's public traffic figures with one high end server. 
Let's say we refresh that figure, and bump it to (say) a server 2x as powerful to keep up (e.g. 2x more cores, 2x faster NICs, 2x more IOPs etc). Does that change much?
Not really - only people who are seriously delusional believe that Bitcoin will be reaching Visa-level traffic any time soon. It took Visa decades to reach these levels of traffic and that's *without* attempting to change anything fundamental about the financial system: no new currencies, no swimming against the political tides, no attempts to eliminate/reduce financial intermediaries, no research-level technical problems to solve (I would count powering CPUs via RF fields but Visa didn't invent that, it just uses it). So Bitcoin is taking on a much larger problem and certainly has nowhere near 10,000 full time people working on it.
This is one of the most tiresome aspects of the block size debate: the ridiculous assumption that demand for Bitcoin transactions is infinite, so if we raise some limit to (say) 20mb, then we will immediately process 20mb of financial transactions in every block. It took Bitcoin *half a decade* to even approach just one megabyte. Even with very optimistic growth assumptions, like doubling traffic every year, it would not be until around 2020 that we are averaging 20mb blocks. Then we'd be doing maybe double PayPal's rates, a few hundred transactions per second. Still very far from Visa.
@_date: 2015-06-22 21:33:59
There is no BIP process. If you read BIP 1 which theoretically defines it, you can see that it doesn't mention how a BIP is accepted or rejected.
@_date: 2015-06-17 21:38:04


Yes, the last line is wrong. I was trying to finish up/go home and then fudged it.
@_date: 2015-06-29 11:58:45
Yes, with 1mb blocks the max tx size could be raised quite a bit and it'd still not be all that dangerous. However with larger blocks the problem becomes more acute. Most Lighthouse projects are not gathering hundreds of pledges right now though so it's not the highest priority (it'd allow a smaller min pledge, which users are asking for, but whether that'd make a big difference to project success rates is a different story).
@_date: 2015-06-29 17:48:59
Until you run more than one instance, which a popular website will eventually do. Then you're back to accessing a shared resource in parallel and need to understand transactions, locks, priority inversion etc, depending on your strategy.
@_date: 2015-06-25 14:28:27
Yes, exactly this. For instance he used to refer to "client only nodes". Back then any participant in the network was a node, from his perspective. Terminology has shifted a bit over time. I started calling client only nodes "SPV wallets" instead and the term stuck. The word "node" then came to be shorthand for "full node".
The term will become even less meaningful in future as nodes specialise. For instance with archival nodes.
@_date: 2015-06-04 15:18:28
No. I guess that's for alt coins? Karpeles covers this.
What most people want/need is a fiat/crypto exchange though.
@_date: 2015-06-29 08:42:42
I know about it, of course. I saw it in code review and we've talked about it before. Lighthouse does not currently find and submit non-standard transactions to miners directly, which is what would be required for this to change anything. Lighthouse currently restricts itself to 100kb transactions max anyway.
I did think about rolling in a sighash change with the block size fork, as that's the change that would be required to lift the limit. But as you may have noticed, we've been rather busy with just the block size. The TREZOR guys are disappointed. They need a new sighash function too.
There are a whole lot of small protocol fixes like this that are best done with hard forks.
@_date: 2015-06-02 14:22:06
I'm not sure which "fixes" he is talking about. You can see the changes made on github: they're mostly new features.
@_date: 2015-06-11 18:04:45
Right. Well, not "lazyness" - we have miners building entire datacenters. It's more like, if it ain't broke why fix it?
@_date: 2015-06-05 13:51:01
I didn't write that code. I just proposed the general design.
@_date: 2015-06-25 14:37:10
You can run SPV mode without any privacy loss if you are willing to download every transaction. Actually when bitcoinj and Bitcoin Wallet for Android were new, that's how they worked! Back then blocks were small enough that it was just about practical. But as time went on we prioritised performance over wire privacy because that's what users overwhelmingly told us they wanted.
Now, if you are in the minority who would rather have total wire privacy and don't mind a performance hit, you can certainly make an SPV wallet that makes that tradeoff! Indeed, you can do it with bitcoinj today! Just fork one of the existing wallet apps like Bitcoin Wallet or MultiBit or Hive/Mac etc, and then go add the few lines of code needed to request a false positive rate of 1.
However, don't expect nice fast SPV syncing like you currently get. Even though the transactions won't be validated or checked, it'll still be kind of pokey (though: much less pokey than a full node would be).
@_date: 2015-06-29 17:39:20
The terminology here can lead to confusion.
By thread safety, what I mean is when you write code that accesses a shared resources multiple times simultaneously. Typically this is because you either have multiple operating system threads within a single process (like in a GUI app), but it can also be when you have multiple web servers accessing a database. Even if those web servers are single threaded like Node, you can still end up with several of them accessing the database concurrently if you start more than one web server, or if you make an asynchronous call during a client request.
There are no shortcuts to learning how to do this. For now, ignore the people who are saying things like "use Erlang" or "use Clojure". The moment you might want to scale up a web app, you have classical concurrency regardless of which language it's written in. The best way to learn how to do this sort of programming is to read a book on it. In particular, read the user manual for your chosen database and its sections on transactions and concurrency. You may also wish to review some tutorials on concurrent programming.
Now all that said. Node requires you to write in JavaScript. JavaScript is not an excellent language for working with money because it's not got a much of a focus on correctness. Like other dynamic scripting languages it will let you write nonsense and nothing will catch your mistake until the code actually runs (and sometimes not even then). Obviously mistakes+money=problems.
For Bitcoin work, I'd stick to learning a statically typed language that's more likely to help you catch mistakes up front. Java is OK, Kotlin is better (it interops perfectly with Java so you can use all the same frameworks). Node might seem initially easier to get started with, but it can lead to pain down the road.
@_date: 2015-06-15 17:10:37
Ah, right, I see.
The best way to do long term streamed data storage has never been hard disks though. You'd use tape, optical storage, lots of different things are cheaper ways to store bits than hard disks.
@_date: 2015-06-04 10:49:23
The last bit was just an example of another way to do things. It wasn't related to the Bitcoin app at all, just a comparison of different techniques.
When you use an old fashioned TSA, no block chains are involved. That's why it's faster, cheaper, more private, etc.
@_date: 2015-06-25 15:51:14
Yes, so the code assumes that every peer has an IP address.
Inside bitcoinj we should probably pull the same trick as Bitcoin Core does and map onionspace to a region of the IPv6 address space. Then code can be written in a generic manner, with the IPv6 address being turned back into a Tor address at the last moment.
@_date: 2015-06-22 16:42:53
Visa requires multiples of their peak rates because it's possible for entire datacenters to go offline at once. So they can easily lose tens of thousands of txns/sec due to e.g. some kind of breaker fault or a botched maintenance. Bitcoin is a network that's like thousands of one-machine datacenters: if one node goes away the others don't care.
@_date: 2015-06-02 15:53:03
Don't forget the Tor support ;)
You could pick anything from 
Or take a look at Streamium - that seems like a popular idea. It relies on a block explorer though and it actually destroys your money if you close the browser tab (!). So perhaps a spin on that would be fun e.g. a pay per second YouTube rather than more of a Skype-like thing as Streamium is.
Or you could embed WebKit (it's easy with JFX) and make a micropayment based pay-per-page-load thingie, perhaps with bundled style sheets optimised for high quality magazine style text.
That's a few of the ideas I've been kicking around lately. Too much to do though right now.
@_date: 2015-06-15 17:12:08
Sigh, no. I have not "changed my mind". I do not think the extreme scenario that I was asked about will happen.
@_date: 2015-06-15 16:29:22
I think you meant 8000 GB.
@_date: 2015-06-17 13:31:21
He actually said the limit could be removed after SPV wallets were created. His view was that after that was done the block chain size wouldn't matter much any more.
@_date: 2015-06-03 09:51:27
I haven't tried it, but RoboVM is capable of running Java on iOS by compiling to ARM ahead of time. It can also directly invoke Objective-C APIs so you can make GUIs with it.
@_date: 2015-06-29 18:10:24
That problem is more to do with the way many banks are internally architected. Quite a few banks don't have a single ledger. Their mainframe calculates one every night and then it's replicated to various other systems, like the ones serving ATMs. Kind of a mess due to legacy tech.
@_date: 2015-06-17 21:34:26
Yes, sorry, brainfart. The overall point remains, though.
@_date: 2015-06-11 16:21:10


Why would that happen after bumping the limit when it hasn't happened for 1mb blocks?
The problem with the term "blockchain spam" is that it's impossible to define. Luke considers all kinds of things "spam" that other miners don't.
In the worst case, if some miner set out to attack the system by trying to bloat the block chain, there are mitigations available for that (like trying to detect such bloaty blocks and discouraging them).
@_date: 2015-06-11 13:15:58
FWIW I agree with you on the soft limit.
@_date: 2015-06-02 22:42:12


If you use rubbish obsolete encryption from the 1990's, sure ;)
I'm assuming that if Gmail were to do email end-to-end crypto, they'd do it right, and leaking the subject line is a pretty major problem with existing encrypted email protocols. I can't count the number of times I received a PGP encrypted mail where the combination of who sent it and the subject line meant I could immediately guess what the email contained!


As web apps can and often do update silently, you have no real guarantee your key will stay client side. It's basically just trust, and if you trust the provider, why encrypt?
End to end crypto and web apps don't mix well. It's just fundamental to their update model.
@_date: 2015-06-02 17:47:40
It's not just ads. Lots of Gmail's most important features cannot be easily implemented with end to end crypto:
* Spam
* Filters
* Web interface (!!!)
* Conversation threading (!!!!!!!!)
* Phishing detector
* Search (!!!!)
* Importance filtering
* Password recovery
* Auto-categorisation (social, finance, etc)
* Flight ticket/hotel booking extraction
* Language translation
* Virus scanning of attachments
* Deduplication of attachments (to make storing all that data affordable)
* Compression (to make storing all that text more affordable)
etc etc. Basically everything that makes Gmail good breaks immediately if you assume everything is encrypted. Building a product as great as Gmail where the servers are entirely blind would be an absolutely massive R&amp;D project that could easily take years and might never succeed at all.
@_date: 2015-06-21 15:53:19
If his plan doesn't work, then no. We'll have to wait and see whether transaction fees are by themselves enough to support mining. With sufficiently large transaction volumes and sufficiently efficient miners perhaps it could work. I laid out a backup plan in case that simplest-possible approach doesn't work though.
@_date: 2015-06-02 15:54:18
There shouldn't be anything missing. It's just meant to be a patch set on top of the last Bitcoin Core release. If a commit went missing along the way I must have made a mistake somewhere and would like to know about it.
@_date: 2015-06-02 18:54:47
ELI5:   It's a lesson for programmers that shows them how to build Bitcoin apps. It shows that it's easier than a lot of people think.
If you aren't a Bitcoin programmer, then you can ignore this post.
@_date: 2015-06-18 08:31:42


Sigh. Here we go again.
Can we at least agree on one thing? When you guys say "Bitcoin is O( n^2 )" *you are not describing Bitcoin*. You are describing the system you wish had happened: one where everyone in the system runs a full node all the time and where the rules cannot be changed no matter what. This is NOT how Bitcoin works.
We have already been through this with Peter Todd. He admitted he was describing a fictional Bitcoin that exists only in his head. That Bitcoin was thoroughly rejected by the market right from the very start - the moment people developed and started using lightweight wallets.
All this happened quite according to plan. To want all users to run full nodes is an idea with no basis in systems engineering, as Satoshi quite clearly pointed out when he compared running full nodes to running NNTP servers.
You obviously think all these people who stopped running Bitcoin Qt/Core were idiots and misguided sheep who must be gently guided back to the One True System. So you are quite happy to make completely false statements about the *actual* Bitcoin that exists today, on the assumption that "soon" everyone will see the light and you'll get what you want:


This is a second fiction you keep peddling. It appears in the Blockstream presentation as well.
The rules are not "upheld cryptographically no matter how good the excuse". The rules of Bitcoin are enforced by the majority consensus and can be changed. Yes, it's hard to change them because of all the talk and discussion that requires, but there's a big difference between "hard" and "upheld cryptographically". And again, this has been clear from day one. The white paper's last sentence is:


And sure enough, Satoshi talked about changing the block size limit without any hesitation at all.
Look. What you want is a system of e-cash in which the rules cannot be changed once the system has been created, in which work done is not proportional to transactions, and where something is encrypted (as digital signatures can be ignored whenever people collectively decide to). 
What you want is a lot more like MintChip than Bitcoin. So please go work on it, instead of attempting to hijack a limit that *was never meant to be permanent* and force everyone into a system they *never signed up for*.
@_date: 2015-06-17 10:09:39


Actually I did that.


And because sipa was reorganising the database code at the same time, he took my work to use LevelDB and merged it into his rewrite. So my name isn't on it.
No big deal, but if we're going to engage in pissing matches about who is a "contributor" it's something to bear in mind.
@_date: 2015-06-29 18:13:49
Alright, point conceded. What I was trying to get at is, Node and Node developers often seem to claim that because V8 doesn't have shared memory concurrency (due to its browser heritage), that somehow simplifies things and makes writing websites easier.
@_date: 2015-06-11 16:44:02


It's something I'm still discussing with Gavin.
The point of the soft limit is to let miners (a) shrink their blocks if for some reason they keep getting orphaned and they feel it's to do with size and (b) cut out low fee transactions, if they want to.
If all miners are making similar sized blocks then orphan rates should not be a concern (all lose equally), and there are already min fees hard coded into the software, so I'd rather see soft==hard and then miners can adjust it if they need to, rather than attempting to second guess what the "right" soft value is and then that value inevitably becoming stale. Which is what's happened several times now when we tried "soft&lt;hard".
@_date: 2015-06-29 14:37:57
I routinely talk about things that don't matter much or aren't likely to happen for a long time, like flying robots that trade with humans. Discussing theoretical possibilities that aren't going to get built any time soon is fun - look how much time the Bitcoin Core developers are wasting talking about the Lightning Network. 
Normally after discussing such things we then get back to real work, and that usually means brutally prioritising. Right now Bitcoin's biggest problems are not nodes doing random Bloom filtering withholding attacks on SPV wallets. If someone were to do it, it'd almost certainly be some idiot trying to prove a point rather than someone trying to make money.
@_date: 2015-12-09 10:50:55


According to the wiki, CSU allows you to convert IT certifications into half the credits needed for IT and management masters degrees. This might help explain Wright's apparently very large number of qualifications.
@_date: 2015-06-25 09:03:16


SPV clients were introduced. As Satoshi said, that was the justification for the 1mb limit. In fact that's what this reddit post is about.


That's a graph of the mean block size. Obviously, blocks that are completely full are a common occurrence right now. You can't run an online system where average load = capacity, it's simply not stable. There must be slack in the system to be able to catch up from load spikes and people who think it's funny to do "stress tests". Everyone who has capacity planning experience from running real online services knows this.
Regardless, the reason Gavin and I are working on this now is 
1. In recent times Bitcoin traffic has stagnated in the (northern hemisphere) summer and grown during the winter. This is normal for online services. Therefore we would expect traffic to start growing again towards the end of the year.
2. We knew it would cause a ruckus with people like Gregory Maxwell who have convinced themselves that success=failure for the block chain, so we need long lead times to deploy the upgrade.
3. Nobody with experience of running online services thinks it's responsible behaviour to actually approach the capacity redline. You *always* have more capacity than you need. Otherwise any tiny thing can cause big outages and service disruptions. Actually running out of capacity deliberately would be gross negligence. We *do* want people considering using Bitcoin in their business to perceive it as competently managed infrastructure, right?
Regardless, I'm not sure what the purpose of this argument is. Unless you think Bitcoin is done and will never grow again, eventually this will come up. Even if you try and kick the can down the road, eventually the limit must rise.
@_date: 2015-06-01 15:06:39
Yes, indeed. Though it gained 250x it's value in the last 5 years or so. Depends on your time horizons.
Normally inflation is reported yearly though, in which case Bitcoin suffered very bad inflation this year.
@_date: 2015-06-17 21:47:54
Electrum did not implement any kind of SPV mode until long after I did.
@_date: 2015-06-29 13:07:02
Ah, I see what you mean now.  OK, so we define fraud proof as the alerts he mentioned (this is very vague though).
But sure, you're right, Satoshi did put that in the paper. It'd be nice to have strategies to let SPV clients check even more of what they receive from the network than they do today. I've thought the same myself. The way we use Merkle branches in the Bloom filtering protocol is an example of such a fraud proof: the remote peer cannot lie to you about a transaction being in a block.
That still leaves (2). I don't believe he ever said SPV would *require* these proofs to be practical, and he sent me an unfinished patch to implement it in Bitcoin Core before he left. That patch made no mention of such alerts. Years of experience so far shows that they don't seem to be required: such alerts would have never triggered. Mining an invalid block that won't be accepted or relayed by the network just to trick an SPV wallet into showing one confirm instead of zero is apparently too expensive an attack to be workable right now.
Anyway, perhaps in future we'll have more such alerts. Patrick says they're unworkable, but I doubt it. For instance if you have something like SGX/TXT you can calculate a remote attestation using the hardware root of trust, proving to a remote peer that you've followed the rules. Such a proof is small and easily verified. Once SGX capable hardware is widely available I might experiment with such a thing. But the lack of cases where it'd have helped suggests there's lower hanging fruit.
@_date: 2015-06-01 19:47:52
I have done, but I guess not everywhere.
@_date: 2015-06-06 19:28:34
It's nobodies "fault" - there is no such thing as a programmer who never writes buggy code.
Afterwards I suggested that we make Core restart itself if/when it crashes. As perfect code is unachievable, handling problems automatically is the next best thing (all server platforms restart crashed servers automatically so making Core do it itself is no big leap). Unfortunately that idea was shot down by Gregory. I think that was a bad call and it would still be better if Core handled crashes by restarting.
@_date: 2015-06-19 16:22:03
Because issue trackers are not good places to send volunteers looking for tasks?
They're mostly just unordered lists of bugs and sometimes ideas. But you can't say:  here are my skills, here's my time availability, here's my interests, what can I do?
@_date: 2015-06-11 14:10:22
No ETA right now but I'm in frequent contact with Gavin and he is working on it. So it should be "soon".
Other than running a node, just keep an eye on the mailing list. I'll post ideas for useful things when I can. You can try reproducing the build if you like - it's a bit of a pain to set up but only requires sysadmin experience (the system is called gitian).
@_date: 2015-06-04 15:07:56
I'm sure some will make fun of this article because Mark wrote it, but he is correct. It would be better to find more decentralised ways to do currency exchange, or at least to split things up in new ways. Coinffeine is an interesting approach, LocalBitcoins is interesting, BitSquare is basically a P2P LocalBitcoins. There's research happening here but only slowly.
@_date: 2015-06-25 16:21:12


No, it didn't. There's a post mortem of the incident here:
Key quote:


BDB was an explosion waiting to happen.
As you brought the topic up though, I'd note that whilst Gavin helped resolve the fork quickly, the community rolled forward to LevelDB quickly once it became clear how unstable BDB really was. By the way, the guy who first suggested, prototyped and benchmarked LevelDB for Bitcoin (so resolving this problem in the right way) ... was me.
@_date: 2015-06-17 14:42:35
It makes no difference to the overall complexity. Big-O notation can be a little tricky at times.
Imagine that Bitcoin takes over the entire of the USA. From [this Federal reserve study]( we get this quote:


122.8 billion is a lot of payments! But, divide that through per day and then by the US population:
122.8 billion / 365 / 316 million = 1.06 non-cash payments per day
That may sound low but remember a lot of people in the USA are unbanked: they never make non-cash payments. The last estimate I saw was 10 million people being unbanked. And the figure excludes wire transfers. So let's say it's 2 payments per day instead.
So total work per day expressed as a function of users would be O(2un). Traditionally constant factors like that are not included in big-O notations, although it's more of a shorthand than a fixed set of rules. Still .... not O( n^2 ).
You can adjust the constant upwards if you like. Yes, as Bitcoin gets more useful, the Bitcoin network does more work. That is obviously true but it doesn't imply n-squared scaling: for that to be true, each time we add a user we'd have to double resource consumption for everyone!
@_date: 2015-06-15 15:57:57
Very interesting spreadsheet! Is it online anywhere?
@_date: 2015-06-01 17:05:58
I am not aware of any devices that lack a working /dev/urandom - the Android Zygote server tries to read from it at startup and if it wasn't there I think the device would simply not boot up at all.
There might be some horribly broken devices out there that don't have it, but if so, we'd need someone to actually find them first. So far nobody ever has. The extra strictness I added is an abundance of caution but I see no reason to believe any device has ever failed in this way.
@_date: 2015-06-22 17:43:44
The site you're looking at is a model only. It doesn't necessarily reflect reality accurately all the time.
@_date: 2015-06-29 17:50:12
Yeah but their post says that was possible because the attacker was able to "confuse" the website into giving up the seed as part of intended functionality, by sending it lots of traffic:


That put the DB into an inconsistent state. This very strongly implies a lack of database transactions or locking.
@_date: 2015-06-21 18:24:23
No, it doesn't. That's peak CAPACITY, which is not the same as peak TRAFFIC.
Networks like Visa are always heavily overprovisioned. You don't want actual traffic to ever get close to actual capacity in case of outages.
@_date: 2015-06-25 14:50:51
What's your .onion address? I just realised I never tested it before even though Orchid does support HS addresses just fine. If you send it to me then I'll make sure there are no unexpected bumps on the bitcoinj side (like places that assume nodes have IP addresses)
@_date: 2015-06-01 18:10:31
Yes I will fix the user agent issue.
I run a network crawler that knows how to find XT nodes, but it takes a little while to pick up new ones.
@_date: 2015-06-25 14:31:02
It would be quite easy for Andreas to add that feature, seeing as bitcoinj supports Tor built-in for some time already. I would estimate it'd be just one patch if the use of Tor is automatically triggered by seeing .onion at the end of the trusted node address rather than adding additional UI. Of course, if you're gonna do that, might as well make it a setting so people who don't have trusted nodes can benefit as well.
So you could ask him. Or you could write the code yourself and open a pull request. Or someone else could.
@_date: 2015-06-29 17:59:52
Oh, the other problem with Node is that it seems to be most commonly used in combination with a key-&gt;value store like MongoDB rather than a more serious database like Postgres. If you pick up Node then you can easily pick up Mongo along the way.
Do not do this. Avoid NoSQL in general. It is extremely difficult to program correct software when using scalable key-&gt;value stores and I say this as a former BigTable administrator (BigTable was the original NoSQL/Big Data store, proprietary to Google). Google could get away with it for many applications because, unusually, their software doesn't have to yield correct answers. Search results are an inherently best effort opinion-based sort of thing, so it's possible and smart to write software that tolerates relational inconsistencies in return for higher performance/scalability. 
But if you're working with Bitcoin you don't have such luxuries. Then you need the feature set of a more traditional database.
@_date: 2015-06-11 16:45:10
There are things we can do to jump that hurdle if and when the time comes. In practice I think we have bigger problems to worry about. Making 'bloaty blocks' doesn't affect the vast majority of Bitcoin users, so as a troll technique it's not very effective. 
For example, if you want to damage Bitcoin and profit from short selling, there are much more devastating DoS attacks you could perform.
@_date: 2015-06-29 10:11:34


You've said this several times now. I do not recall Satoshi ever saying such a thing. Modern SPV clients implement more or less what he discussed in the white paper.
Please 
1. Define what you mean by "fraud proof"
2. Point me to where Satoshi said SPV would only be workable with that thing you just defined
@_date: 2015-06-17 14:45:33
Yes, indeed.
The actual service that full nodes would get paid for is Bloom filtering: once the chain is filtered there's not much bandwidth cost left. But filtering does have a (small) cost.
If at some point it becomes worth doing, I'd be OK with using micropayment channels to pay nodes for their services. There's a lot of work needed to get there though. First step: add crypto+authentication to the P2P protocol. That has the added benefit of frustrating people doing bulk wiretaps on the backbone.
@_date: 2015-06-01 17:10:53
Running Bitcoin XT doesn't do much today, but feel free to join the mailing list and say hello!
I'll probably respin XT on top of 0.10.2 soon.
Once there is a version out that supports bigger blocks, there will also be a website and so on to go with it. That's the right time to take action.
@_date: 2015-06-25 20:46:17
Sizing BDB locks correctly is extremely hard, which is why nobody had done it.
I already addressed what happens if the mempool is fixed to be limited in size at the bottom of my article here:
See "With upgraded code". tl;dr stuff still breaks.
@_date: 2015-06-19 09:47:17
You are assuming there is some function that relates number of nodes and number of users.
It might be that some function exists, but if so, it's not clear what it would be from looking at the graphs. In recent years number of users has gone UP and number of nodes has gone DOWN so even if you try and model that trend, you aren't gonna get O( n^2 ) no matter what.
@_date: 2015-06-11 13:36:38
Remember that it took us 5 years to even approach 1mb blocks.
Assuming doubling of traffic each year, it would still be 2020 before we approach a 20mb limit. That would be very good growth indeed: it's not like Bitcoin sells itself!
@_date: 2015-06-14 14:49:57
That's unfortunate. For what it's worth, plenty of people working on Bitcoin do understand its problems: you might not get to talk to them much via reddit though.
The paradox of choice issue has been brought up by others too. It seems difficult to resolve and surprisingly impactful. If browsers allowed Javascript to test for the existence of a bitcoin: protocol handler the "Pay with Bitcoin" option could be shown only to people who could use it. However that would mean nobody else sees that it's an option, potentially reducing low usage even more and furthering the public impression that Bitcoin is only used by criminals.
It would be interesting to know more about whether this is really caused by confusion or whether it's more about the effect of the Bitcoin brand. For instance if you take away the next least used payment method, do completion rates go up by more than the expected loss?
@_date: 2015-06-29 08:46:58
Full verification costs are quite high compared to "do nothing". Full block download with SPV should always be faster than full block download with indexing unless your internet connection is very slow and your computer is very fast, simply because more work is being done.
However, which is better or worse will depend a lot on your hardware and priorities (e.g. smartphone vs high end desktop)
@_date: 2015-06-25 17:06:04
OK, I wrote a simple example that shows how to connect to a hidden service node. Just to keep things interesting, it's written in Javascript:
As you can see, there's a very tiny hack needed to make it work (subclassing PeerAddress). I'll address that in some future version of bitcoinj. Otherwise it all works and prints out the version of the hidden service node. Translating it to Java and adding support to Andreas' wallet should be trivial.
@_date: 2015-06-01 19:47:45
Yes, exactly.
@_date: 2015-06-01 13:29:07
For example, the UK had price inflation at around 4% just a few years ago. Of course that's rather high.
It's a bit tricky to compare these things though. The graph is of *monetary base inflation*. Most government statistical agencies report *price* inflation which is not the same thing. For example house prices are typically either not included at all, or included via roundabout means that isn't clearly correct. Financial assets like stocks and bonds are not included at all. So it's possible for OECD countries to create new money without affecting price inflation.
@_date: 2015-06-17 14:32:02
For what it's worth, I don't want to be in charge. I want to have fun working on my apps, like Lighthouse, and supporting the developers who use bitcoinj. That's enough work for one guy already.
But if we run out of block space, well, all the wallets I have built will break, as will everybody else's wallets, as will all the services I like to use in the ecosystem. And the only proposed plan from 'the other side' has been, well, let's invent an entirely new system that isn't Bitcoin and push everyone onto that instead!
Let's conservatively say it would take several years to build out Lightning network or such. In that time no other useful features would get added, no other usability work would get done. Bitcoin will break long before that. Even the guy Blockstream hired to implement Lightning agrees with this conclusion.
And I don't believe the new replacement for Bitcoin would be better than the old one anyway:  it's not the nice flat anyone-can-pay-anyone design we have now. It's more like the US banking system where payments end up being routed via several intermediate banks before they arrive at their destination, with fees being charged at each step along the way and sometimes payments just get lost completely.
@_date: 2015-06-15 15:33:15
I was answering a hypothetical question about an extreme case: a world in which what miners wanted is opposed to what the users wanted. But that's extremely close to being "Bitcoin has failed" as the assumption is that miners don't gang up to attack the network. Attack has traditionally been defined as double spending, but breaking the system in other ways e.g. mining only empty blocks could I guess also qualify.
If Bitcoin is working properly then the interests of miners and ordinary users are pretty much aligned. So it should never happen. I wouldn't worry about that scenario too much.
@_date: 2015-06-12 19:40:55


It's an online service that has users and servers. The replication factors are much higher in Bitcoin and instance sizes much smaller, regardless, trying to claim they have nothing in common at all doesn't hold water.
So. You can discount the utility of actual experience if it makes you feel better, but obviously, that won't change my own views one iota.


Please do write an article or blog post explaining why my reasoning in these articles is wrong:


No they don't. Sure, the few people holding up progress here *say* they want an increase, but anyone can say anything if it sounds good. I don't judge people by what they say. I judge them by what they do. What they are doing is flatly refusing to outline when they would increase capacity and even suggesting 1mb is too high (in the case of gmaxwell).
I see no evidence that some of these people *actually* want a block size increase, regardless of what they may handwave. If they *actually* wanted it, they'd get real and start talking numbers.


The "consensus" of which you speak does not exist. When some of the existing Core committers speak of it, what they mean is "we get to veto anything we don't like, because".
There's actually a very strong consensus around increasing the block size. _Every_ wallet developer except you agrees, as do the CEOs of all the major Bitcoin companies, as do many mining pools, as do according to most polls between 75% and 90% of the userbase.
This fantasy that Gavin and I are going against the "consensus" has to die. A tiny minority of people are objecting to what the community very clearly wants. That is why there is going to be a fork.
@_date: 2014-07-28 10:56:55
Reading fail. The Tor node I run was mentioned on that very same thread, which they found because it has my email address on it. This node has no contact details.
@_date: 2014-04-23 13:00:24
The white paper is concerned almost entirely with double spending. Quoting from the abstract:
_"Digital signatures provide part of the solution, but the main 
benefits are lost if a trusted third party is still required to prevent double-spending. We propose a solution to the double-spending problem using a peer-to-peer network. The network timestamps transactions by hashing them into an ongoing chain of hash-based proof-of-work, forming a record that cannot be changed without redoing the proof-of-work. The longest chain not only serves as proof of the sequence of events witnessed, but proof that it came from the largest pool of CPU power. As  long as a majority of CPU power is controlled by nodes that are not cooperating to attack the network, they'll generate the longest chain and outpace attackers"_
This should make it clear from context that "attackers" are nodes attempting to double spend. Later on the same language is used:
_"The majority decision is represented by the longest chain, which has the greatest proof-of-work effort invested in it. If a majority of CPU power is controlled by honest nodes, the honest chain will grow the fastest and outpace any competing chains. To modify a past block, an attacker would have to redo the proof-of-work of the block and all blocks after it and then catch up with and surpass the work of the honest nodes."_
Again, "honest" is defined here to mean "not an attacker" and we saw in the abstract that an attacker is a miner who is trying to double spend. Honest nodes are expected to work together to prevent others from cheating, that's how Bitcoin works.
What do you mean by "mafia rule"? Is the money creation schedule enforced by "mafia rule"? I don't think so. It's enforced by the collective will of Bitcoin users: see my post about economic majority elsewhere in this thread.
@_date: 2015-06-16 12:45:18
David Harding is a little known but important contributor to Bitcoin. He's done fantastic work on the developer guide. Although this situation is frustrating, please don't belittle him by calling him 'dude with a beard'. He is a lot more than that.
Regardless of my respect for his impressive documentation, politicising bitcoin.org in this way is still a mistake.
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:33:20
I don't think there's much evidence for your assertion.
I would phrase it another way: Gavin is a man who gets things done, and Peter is a man who talks a lot. Currently there are no convincing solutions for how to solve GHash, therefore, there is nothing to do. If you enjoy making reddit posts, of course, it's a field day.
@_date: 2014-11-30 16:38:27
The problem in Switzerland is that when CHF wasn't being pegged to the Euro the price of Swiss exports was going up dramatically and Swiss companies were being rendered uncompetitive almost overnight, but the savings from cheaper imports weren't being passed on by supermarkets etc. So to the man on the street it looked like a pretty bad deal. The cause of course was the actions of banks and governments in the Eurozone, but Switzerland can't affect that, all it can do is decide whether to (temporarily) become an economy that imports everything and lives off the value of its currency, or devalue the currency to try and keep its export industries.
This is one of the reasons countries and central bankers don't like something like Bitcoin. Currencies can shift in value much faster than economies can reconfigure themselves. The Bitcoin community solves this problem by automatically repegging prices to a local currency every few minutes but other economies don't have that infrastructure or ability in place, nor is it clear what they'd use to recalculate prices. A basket of goods, perhaps.
@_date: 2014-03-25 18:00:29
I think the issue here is these projects are trying to use the block chain as a reliable broadcast channel for their own  protocol elements, and OP_RETURN was designed to allow strong data binding to (and trigger lookups from) some other broadcast channel. You can't rely on bound data having any kind of temporal structure because at the time you create and sign the transaction you can't enforce the order it will be accepted by Bitcoin. If you look at the stuff I wrote about bond markets then that didn't matter but for a "meta currency" it seems like that might be important.
@_date: 2014-04-15 23:23:08
That's only true if you think making double spends common would have no effect on the value of bitcoin - clearly, it'd make Bitcoin less useful, throw its future into (more) doubt and reduce the value of the earned fees significantly. It's a very short term strategy.
@_date: 2015-06-17 13:23:09
awemany is correct. I have been pondering writing an article about this because the O( n^2 ) claim keeps cropping up and it's completely false no matter what interpretation you use, which is needed because the statement is so vague it could be read multiple ways. It's not even clear what "n" is supposed to refer to. Plausible candidates are number of transactions, nodes, or users. Regardless the statement is false for all of them.
Saying Bitcoin is O( n^2 ) would get an F in any undergrad CS course. It is actually quite astonishing that people who constantly claim to have vastly superior understanding of Bitcoin to the rest of us keep repeating this statement, no matter how many times it's debunked. 
awemany's response is for the per-node bandwidth case. It is obviously true that someone starting a new node the other side of the world to you doesn't suddenly increase your own bandwidth usage unless you are one of the small number of outbound connections it makes. It's also true that one more person buying some bitcoins and spending them doesn't suddenly multiply your own resource consumption in any way.
But let's talk about total system work instead, as I think that's the context that they intend this statement to be read.
Total system work done is O(nt) where n is number of full *n*odes and t is number of *t*ransactions. We can easily see this is true: each full node verifies every transaction in the Bitcoin system. Thus if we set 1 computational unit = 1 transaction verification, total units of work done is the multiple.
We could try and refine this characterisation by including Bloom filtering and other such things, but no matter how much it's refined the O( n^2 ) statement will never be true.
I [argued it through with Peter Todd]( after I saw him repeatedly make this claim. He admitted that the statement is baloney when he finished with "it's meant to reflect a secure, decentralised Bitcoin - not necessarily how Bitcoin has actually evolved". Actually the statement is *still* wrong even if we very generously interpret that dodge at the end, but I gave up at that point. He admitted his statement was about a fictional Bitcoin that exists only in his head, and that was sufficient for me.
Imagine my surprise when I saw Todd repeat this statement less than 24 hours later on the bitcoin-development list (hint: I was not surprised at all). One of the most maddening features of debating with the self-proclaimed Bitcoin "experts" that have come to dominate Core is how you can explain to them why their statements are wrong (in a factual sense!) and they will simply ignore you, then go ahead and continue saying it! 
@_date: 2014-04-23 08:15:34
Hive is a desktop Mac wallet that can use your webcam to scan QRcodes. Though hopefully mostly you would be clicking links, on the desktop.
@_date: 2014-12-01 17:10:29
Everyone thinks HSBC was knowingly involved in hiding drug cartel proceeds. This is not correct. The allegations (unproven, note) made by the US Govt were that HSBC _should_ have known about the transfers and been able to find them and stop them, but didn't. 
Basically, HSBC was made a scapegoat for the fact that drug cartels still exist, publicly shamed and ... told to try harder. But it wasn't like they were sitting around smoking cannabis cigars laughing about all their ill gotten gains. The terrible thing about AML laws is you can violate them even if you tried not to (in the USA).
So no surprises they are now allergic to anything that smells of political risk.
@_date: 2014-09-01 20:49:42
I've never heard of Success Council. The interviewer grabbed me at the Bitcoin 2014 conference and asked me if I'd answer some questions on camera. The discussion seemed reasonable from what I recall. But actually I don't even remember his name.
@_date: 2014-09-01 20:55:47
I don't think I'm all that mysterious. I try and explain my thinking whenever asked or when I'm writing.
Perhaps I seem mysterious because like to slot people into neat little boxes, like "anarchist", "statist", "man on the street", "capitalist", "volunteer" etc. People with fairly mainstream views or without any simple overriding ideology can end up not matching any of those categories exactly, and then the paranoia sets in. He isn't an anarchist so he must be a statist. He isn't a man on the street so he must be a capitalist. Etc.
But, you know, people can always just ask me. My email address is public.
@_date: 2014-01-31 13:20:19
Or just switch back to lickable buttons ;)
I really want to revisit either Avian or J2C at some point this year. For Avian I'll need to acquire an old Mac as a build box and install 10.7 I think, so I can compile OpenJDK 7 without hitting Apple's backwards incompatible changes. For J2C it's more ambitious but perhaps not really harder, and would allow the JVM / JNI dependency to be scrapped entirely - though I doubt most users care at all.
@_date: 2015-06-04 10:06:24
SPV wallets are more complex, and harder to pull off with web technologies. If you have features that will require a server anyway, like coordinating multisig signing, then I can see why they'd do it that way.
@_date: 2014-04-23 11:52:17
There were private discussions afterwards you weren't privy to where setting a moderation policy was debated (drafts were put together, etc), with temporary bans being a part of that. In the end it didn't come to that - this time - as nobody wants to have to spend time on this and the tools kind of suck anyway. But you should be absolutely sure that it was considered. Your emails are in no way worth alienating entire communities of developers who would take part, but don't, because of things like this.
@_date: 2014-04-23 12:54:29
If all miners are voting against each other all the time, then none of them ever get to claim coins, right? This same discussion is happening on the dev list by the way. An alternative is just to burn the coins entirely.
@_date: 2014-04-08 08:20:09
Hi wetseals. I work on some code used by MultiBit. Could you send your .wallet file (with the password if any) to mike please? Also any log files in the MultiBit directory. I will take a look and see if I can see anything.
@_date: 2014-08-01 10:13:11
Most of my work in Core is not attributed to me in git, oddly enough. Often the work I've done was folded into other people's commits. For instance I proposed and then prototyped LevelDB integration, but Pieter was rewriting a lot of the code that used the database layer so he folded LevelDB into ultraprune after I showed it was a 2x speedup. I proposed and did a lot of review and design/BIP work on Bloom filtering, although the code was written by Matt. I made some big changes to the floating fee code at Christmas but that was folded into Gavin's work and is now attributed to him. I was responsible for a lot of the design for BIP70 (payment protocol) and I wrote the first pass at the cert validation code, although that was again improved on by Gavin before it was merged. The initial code I sent Gavin can be seen in the first commit here:
However, it's true that overall I haven't done a lot of coding on Core. My code commits are 99% in bitcoinj, you can see them here:
There have been, at last count, around 2 million bitcoinj based wallets created. So I'm OK with that.


I never liked the term core dev. Sometimes people ask me if I am one and I never know what to say. But more importantly I've been involved in open source projects for 15 years and have never encountered this "in/out" mentality before; I'm not convinced it's good. It elevates people to statuses they may not deserve via a label, and it might discourage other people from contributing especially if they get negative feedback from a "core" guy vs a "non core" guy.
Frankly I'm just fine with not being considered a core dev.
(edited to rewrite the first paragraph)
@_date: 2014-01-20 23:18:06
Apps are sandboxed so if your phone is up to date on security patches then it's still much safer than a regular desktop. Unlike on a Windows/Mac/Linux box where all apps can read each others data, on Android apps can't read each others data unless they can find a way to root the system.
@_date: 2014-05-19 21:30:19
Looks like this one:
The reason I don't see it is, I compile myself from source. Fix is checked in and I guess the next 0.9 release will work.
@_date: 2014-08-17 21:39:36
You seem to think that money stored in a vault contributes to GDP: it doesn't. GDP is sum of products and services. The fees paid to the bank for keeping money safe contributes to GDP, but that can be easily calculated as banks must report their profits like any other company.
With regards to the "financial secrecy index", it can as well be called the financial privacy index. Suddenly no 1 doesn't sound so bad, right?
@_date: 2014-11-30 16:47:28
I haven't seen any cases of that for a looong time. Phishing is nearly always based on lookalike or plausible looking names that aren't actually owned by the company in question, or simply only targets people who never check the address bar at all (hosted on hacked sites).
If you run a website that might be the target of phishers you really really should buy an EV cert and try to train your users to look for it. Some browsers like Safari don't show the URL at all when you have an EV cert, just the company name. If more browsers and more sites go that way then we can start training users to actually read the URL bar again because it will contain meaningful, human readable names that are hard to fraudulently duplicate, and phishing would become a lot harder.
@_date: 2014-01-31 17:00:44
There's a whole story behind that app. Suffice it to say, Ben is afraid to update it in case Apple notices it's there and drops it. It's not accurate to claim this is evidence that Apple changed their policies I'm afraid.
@_date: 2014-04-23 14:00:30
You should look at delegated voting schemes, sometimes called liquid democracy. I wrote a description of this many years ago (long ago enough that I forgot when I wrote it exactly) which you can find here:
or if you want something less stale:
@_date: 2014-01-31 12:32:34
Actually, you're wrong about that. It uses Java as the backend but the frontend is pure Objective-C and Cocoa, as you can check by looking at the source. It doesn't use Aqua themed buttons because of that's what their designer came up with, which I guess just goes to show that maybe native widgets aren't in the end that big a deal.
By the way, in Java 8 there is a way to make apps that look identical to native Mac apps:   - as examples they recreate various parts of OS X using JavaFX 8, you can't tell  them apart. The UI toolkit in Java 8 supports all the stuff Cocoa does including 60fps animations, OpenGL accelerated effects etc.
@_date: 2014-03-13 09:58:16
Except that you can extract the encryption key from the VM's memory space. Solutions that only work as long as the attackers are very weak aren't very compelling.
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:23:00
There's a Java library that implements Tor, so it can effectively be bundled and switched on by default - at least for users with enough spare bandwidth.
@_date: 2014-01-21 10:04:17
Between the time they got in via SSH and the time the wallet was emptied, did you type your password in at all? Did you have JSON-RPC activated?
@_date: 2014-06-13 18:35:08
Yes, I read it. Like others, I don't see how it makes any difference. Mining on a smaller pooler increases variance but it doesn't matter if difficulty goes up: over the long run your expected returns are the same.
@_date: 2014-07-28 20:48:33
Then I don't think that definition applies here.
@_date: 2014-05-29 17:48:30
Oh, I know from past experience that nano akron doesn't understand this scheme and it can't be explained to them. I just wanted to follow up for other readers. I didn't expect any reply :)
@_date: 2014-08-27 17:12:07
Requests are processed serially by bitcoind. I wasn't able to make my testnet node go above 1.5 gigs of ram even with the worst case scenario of the max output size, max query size and lots of requests fired in parallel.
That said, we should aim to keep memory usage somewhat stable. So it's good that this problem was pointed out. It'd have been nice if it was pointed out during the previous three months rather than waiting until a few hours after the feature was merged .... that sort of timing almost makes me wonder if the Conformal guys knew about it before and decided to wait to try and score points.
@_date: 2014-05-29 10:07:00
I'm feeling more optimistic about this since seeing the Uganda video at the Amsterdam conference, but this talk was recorded a day before that.
However, although the Uganda video was cool and inspiring, it was the story of just one person. It's hard to know if that's a freak one-off or whether it's possible to really sink large quantities of Bitcoin in developing countries.
@_date: 2014-03-30 12:10:00
Sure it does, look at the user agents graph.
@_date: 2014-03-25 17:08:56
I think it is possible, using dispute mediated transactions and the clever SSL auditing technique to provide proof of wire transfer. At least in many parts of the world.
Whether banks will tolerate you *actually* moving money around with any frequency is another question, though.
@_date: 2014-03-25 16:20:25
You can build a decentralised exchange without needing OP_RETURN. Indeed the most likely/plausible design doesn't need any new Bitcoin core protocol features at all - just dispute mediated transactions and SSL auditing (and not even that for some banks).
@_date: 2014-04-24 09:32:17
But this attack was anticipated a long time ago which is why BIP 70 and the TREZOR were developed. When put together they make this kind of thing not possible.
@_date: 2014-06-15 09:37:24
I am working on an app that makes it easy to use SIGHASH_ANYONECANPAY transactions:
@_date: 2014-04-23 13:13:35
You didn't understand the talk, like so many others :( The important part is that it's a _zero knowledge_ proof, that is, nobody else gets to see who you are. Also, that was in the context of anti-sybil in the P2P network and has nothing to do with mining. I have never proposed that miners should be forced to get some kind of license and would not like to see that happen.
@_date: 2014-04-23 12:32:26
It's neutral. The purpose of miners is to enforce various rules, of which "no double spending" is the most important. The exact protocol mechanism via which that rule is enforced is interesting from an engineering perspective, but ultimately it doesn't change that lots of small miners are better than few big miners.
@_date: 2014-10-13 17:25:12
Refilling in America is always a pain in the ass for me, as a European, because none of the fuel pumps accept my credit card. They always seem to ask for my ZIP code, which of course I don't have, so then I have to go into the shop and they process it there by hand, but they don't do EMV/Chip-and-PIN either so it's a bit of a crapshoot whether it works or not (my bank hardly ever rejects transactions but I know other people who aren't so lucky).
@_date: 2014-05-27 15:26:35
The actual query was more complicated than that. I reviewed the source of their software which runs a check for negative balances on every iteration of the main loop (amongst other self tests), and I watched the logs being tailed as the code operated.
As it says in the report, there are multiple ways to beat this kind of thing. For instance, perhaps the software running on the site didn't correspond to the code I was given to review, so the negative balance check wasn't functioning. Perhaps some of the balances had simply been reduced, or perhaps it looked like we were connected to the production database but it was actually a decoy that was missing some users entirely. Perhaps the database was fine but some of the bitcoins were borrowed over the weekend.
Ultimately, third party review is not a cast iron guarantee that things are OK. Bernie Madoff passed audits by multiple professional auditing firms, including KPMG and PricewaterhouseCoopers. This proof of reserves is only what it claims to be in the report. Obviously, Bitstamp have every incentive to raise the bar and as I pointed out above, the Bitstamp blog post says "a financial statement audit is in progress".
The best way to ensure you never lose money due to problems at a third party is to not hold balances with third parties. This is what Bitcoin makes possible.
@_date: 2014-08-27 17:03:11
Actually I couldn't reproduce a crash even when I repeated the conditions given in the blog post exactly. I *did* see high memory usage, and an additional ten lines of code puts a limit on that, but Bitcoin already can use up more memory than some nodes have just in regular operation.
At any rate, there are sadly lots of ways to use up all the resources of a  bitcoin node today. It's just a hard problem and there's no infrastructure to handle it well. I keep warning about this, so am not totally surprised that this patch added another one by mistake. What we need are systematic solutions rather than ad-hoc ones, but nobody has written the code for that.
@_date: 2014-05-27 19:41:50
I think it's easy to put too much faith in the idea of professional audits. Did you know that auditors require directors to sign a statement asserting that they didn't engage in fraud? Seems pointless, right, but it's important legal protection for auditors because it's often quite possible to get fraud past them.
Here's a document laying out international standards for how auditors manage fraud risk:
"An auditor conducting an audit in accordance with ISAs (UK and Ireland) is responsible for obtaining reasonable assurance that the financial statements taken as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether caused by fraud or error. Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that some material misstatements of the financial statements may not be detected, even though the audit is properly planned and performed in accordance with the ISAs (UK and Ireland)."
"Unless the auditor has reason to believe the contrary, the auditor may accept records and documents as genuine. If conditions identified during the audit cause the auditor to believe that a document may not be authentic or that terms in a document have been modified but not disclosed to the auditor, the auditor shall investigate further."
The standard required to is maintain "professional skepticism" throughout the audit, and to investigate things which seem suspicious. If nothing seems suspicious, there is no expectation that professional auditors will deeply investigate.
It would be great if all that was needed to establish complete trust in a financial institution was a professional audit: then maybe Satoshi would not have embedded a headline about bank bailouts into the block chain. But the reality is it's a limited tool that is primarily intended to detect errors and inspect controls against employee fraud - when directors themselves are engaged in fraud against the auditors, it's often hard or impossible to detect.
Once again, the best protection you have against losing money in a Bitcoin exchange is to only hold a balance there when trading. Don't keep money on deposit long term.
@_date: 2014-12-20 14:55:36
Some relays did get seized recently as part of Operation Onymous. 
@_date: 2014-01-31 12:33:36
It uses simplified payment verification, so it talks to the P2P network. A wallet that works the same way is available for Android, called just "Bitcoin Wallet" by Andreas Schildbach.
@_date: 2014-10-17 13:50:25
By the time I joined the Gmail team, it was already very large. It controlled growth in the early days by using invites. But I don't think Gmail and Bitcoin are comparable growth-wise, although I wish they were:
* Gmail was perfectly compatible with existing email and everyone understood what email was. It was a drop in replacement for existing products. Bitcoin is not: I can't spend bitcoins at my local supermarket.
* Gmail was a massive leap over the competition in every way. It had lots of upsides and no downsides (except the need to tell people your new email address). Bitcoin's value proposition is more complicated; it has advantages, but also disadvantages to balance, like volatility.
* Gmail required only that you sign up for it, which was free and took almost no time. Bitcoin requires that you learn new skills and then spend money to acquire some.
* Gmail had no legal or regulatory uncertainty around it.
* Gmail entered an entirely stagnant market in which innovation was non existent. This is a good description of the US banking market but doesn't fit other markets quite as well, e.g. banking is more competitive and there's more technical upgrades taking place in Europe, in Africa there's a lot of mobile money etc.
Despite this perfect "slam dunk" situation, it still took a little under a decade for Gmail to surpass Hotmail/Yahoo and become the biggest email provider in the world.
So to imagine that Bitcoin would become as large as VISA or MasterCard faster than Gmail surpassed Hotmail just seems unbelievably optimistic to me. The only way that can happen traffic-wise is if it's used in fundamentally different ways. SatoshiDice was an example of that, but a small one. If there are others on the horizon we aren't hearing about them right now.
Anyway, the technical scaling issues involved in Gmail vs Bitcoin are entirely different. There isn't much we can learn from it.
@_date: 2014-08-16 20:30:21
Reality check: the entire financial sector including things like insurance and pensions are about 7% of the Swiss GDP. Additionally numbered accounts haven't existed for a long time (otherwise the rest of the world would sanction them for AML violations), and thanks to the threat of severe punishment by America, Swiss banking secrecy no longer applies to Americans:   but it does still protect Swiss citizens from their own government.
@_date: 2014-10-17 12:05:15
Gavin's recent blog posts don't mention anything proposed by Peter, as far as I know, so I'm not sure why they'd vindicate him. 
Instead they pretty much sum up the position originally taken by Satoshi (i.e. with a few optimisations Bitcoin scales just fine), plus the fancy block delta format Gavin is researching for propagation purposes, with lots of discussion of specific implementation optimisations done by people like Pieter W and Matt Corallo.
I think it's clear now that actually getting Bitcoin to the fabled seven transactions per second will be a lot of hard work, unless someone comes up with a new SatoshiDice like business model that results in huge demand for transactions. If things continue on their present path, scalability is really the least of our concerns - increasing usage is.
@_date: 2014-03-26 06:38:10
Actually the USA can reject l refuse to let you rescind your  citizenship if they think you're doing it for tax purposes. It's basically a form of slavery. There's also a large "exit tax".
@_date: 2014-12-01 23:15:55
You're using a text about "financing of terrorism" to state that HSBC execs knew about drug money. There is no connection between these.
To understand what's going on here, you should read a book called "Treasury's War" by Juan Zarate:
During the period of time under discussion the US Treasury decided it was going to single handedly fight Bush's War On Terror. Its own staff members had inserted into the PATRIOT Act a new clause stating that it could designate any financial institution anywhere as being of "primary money laundering concern". This was effectively a death warrant for the institution in question. However, no requirements were put on these designations. No evidence, process or really anything was needed. And people like Zarate were determined to go home and tell the wifey that they were brave freedom fighters keeping America safe.
The book details their titanic screwups in enormous detail, which is kind of amazing because it is written by one of the guys most responsible. Even now he can't see how awful the book makes him look.
For example, your quote talks about Saudi banks. The Treasury liked to designate foreign banks as being key players in global terror networks based on ...... no evidence at all. Or sometimes just a single account. Yet it expected everyone to immediately cut ties with those banks on their say so.
One notorious case (documented in Zarate's book) involved a very old and respected US bank that happened to have many foreign embassies as clients. Zarate's team at the Treasury Dept decided that foreign embassies of middle eastern countries were inherently suspicious. No real justification for this view is provided in the book - they just felt sure those embassies were up to no good. So they designated the bank as of "prime money laundering concern" under their PATRIOT Act powers and it went bankrupt. Of course, now the US is screwed because suddenly lots of foreign embassies don't have bank accounts anymore and can't pay their employees. What's more, no other bank will touch them because they're afraid of the hit men at the Treasury. Cue minor diplomatic crisis. Eventually the State Dept had to intervene and give some other banks assurances that they wouldn't be prosecuted or forcibly bankrupted by taking on the embassies. All those embassies (except Cuba I think) got bank accounts back. So, net result: one dead US bank. No other impact. Repercussions on the Treasury staff who did this: none, because even though it was widely recognised as an epic fail, they were just fighting terrorists y'see? And in wars mistakes happen.
In short, after reading this book, I really can't see American statements about banks being involved in terrorist financing as anything meaningful. There are too many well documented instances where they simply made things up, or whacked random institutions just because they could.
@_date: 2014-06-13 09:55:42
The solutions already exist: anyone can run a pool, anyone can mine on p2pool, getblocktemplate exists for a while already. However miners don't use them.
It's actually even worse. Miners don't even know what version of Bitcoin Core their chosen pool runs, most of the time. Fancy changes to PoW are pointless if miners care so little they don't even demand to know a pools policies.
@_date: 2014-06-13 17:59:00
Why can't you tolerate &gt;2 weeks variance? You don't have enough buffer capital to pay the electricity bills in that time frame? Or the issue is, you know your hardware will become obsolete so fast that variance can result in not making back deprecation cost?
Why are people still buying mining hardware at this point? Aren't we close to the end of the ASIC arms race as the process node gets closer to the max achievable?
I'm curious to learn more about this.
@_date: 2014-03-25 17:08:16
It was never finished because Satoshi realised that the JSON-RPC API was more important, because it'd make it easier for non-C++ devs to build out features like that instead of him doing all the work.
@_date: 2014-11-08 15:08:19
Android is based on Linux, and Linux accelerometer drivers already feed their events directly into the kernel entropy pool via the input framework. So all apps on the device benefit from sensor entropy already, including Bitcoin wallets.
@_date: 2014-06-16 14:09:41
Clients don't port data from an SSL connection into the request itself for various reasons - that's why you should sign them. They have to be verifiable offline for things like the TREZOR to work.
You can use none and not sign if you like, but then you (or rather your users) are not getting one of the primary benefits of the protocol. This will become clearer once hardware wallets and third party risk analysis providers start using the signature data.
There's a PHP example of how to do signing here:
@_date: 2014-07-28 20:25:41
I'm happy to address any of the "red herrings" you think I brought up.
BTW, I'm not sure what concern trolling is. What is that supposed to mean? You think anyone who expresses concern about anything is a troll?
@_date: 2014-11-17 16:21:23
You could write an JSON-RPC wrapper around bitcoinj if you like.
@_date: 2014-12-04 10:41:55


Trying to make all company names globally unique and non-confusible is not the goal of EV certs.
So yes, you could register a company and get such a cert. However you could probably not do so anonymously, or at least it would be rather tricky to do so. If you then went and used that certificate for phishing there would be strong evidence that you were engaging in fraud.
Additionally, browsers are iterating on their EV UI over time. Safari now *only* shows the organisation name in the URL bar when an EV cert is present - the entire URL disappears. I hope Chrome and Firefox will follow suit. Along with little flags or country names, we can hopefully start to train users to at least glance at the URL bar and read it when it starts to contain meaningful information rather than gobbledygook. At least, nobody has any better ideas for how to stop phishing.
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:23:45
Tor is a much larger system than Bitcoin and has plenty of spare bandwidth. I checked this before prototyping the integration. Right now they're not in any crunch, and we won't be making a big difference to their global load.
@_date: 2014-07-29 09:52:37
Yes, that's what was going on. Let me give some background.
In the days before Google Earth commercial satellite imagery was an extremely expensive and specialised commodity. Oil firms used it. Big agricultural operations used it. Ordinary people didn't. To make Google Earth possible required not only fancy scaleable servers but also a way to convince the satellite imagery company (DigitalGlobe) to license their very  valuable product for free display to the whole world. Money wasn't enough. DG feared that no matter how valuable a customer Google was, it might be the last customer they ever signed. So they insisted on including what we called "anti scraper clauses" into the contracts. These obligated Google to ensure that its imagery servers were only used to make its own consumer map applications, and to forbid and block bulk image downloading or use in other apps.
Because my first job at Google was working on the Earth/Maps imagery servers, the task of blocking bulk download attempts often ended up on my desk. This wasn't some personal political vendetta, just work the company had to get done to keep the service available.
As part of that we had to sometimes ask developers of scraper apps/bots to stop distributing their software. If we didn't then a very upset DigitalGlobe executive would be on the phone as soon as they found out (and they did search for such tools, so they would find out). Most companies would have gone straight for the DMCA lawyers and been as scary as possible up front, and some within Google were definitely keen on that approach. I argued that this would be deeply uncool, that these guys were programmers just like us, and we should try approaching them in a friendly way 1:1 first to explain our predicament - no lawyers unless they forced it. I won this argument and as my reward got to be the bogeyman who delivered the bad news. Hence the above post.
I think this was an interesting case study in the art of compromise. Google didn't really want to do anti-scraping work, and DigitalGlobe didn't really want their companies entire product set to be available via HTTP to anyone. And from a theoretical perspective serving JPEGs that can only be used in one app but not another shouldn't really have been possible. But in practice we were able to do it well enough, so the companies found a mutually agreeable compromise, and as a result the entire world got to see their home from space for the first time ever. At the time that was considered amazing.
I'm sure many in the Bitcoin or crypto community would be appalled by this story - they'd either say it was statist censorship or that anti-scraping could never be done perfectly, so it was pointless and misleading to try at all. But it worked.
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:53:28
GHash has already engaged in double spending.
@_date: 2014-07-26 11:53:11
Improving bitcoinj (and thus multibit) to know when it can avoid paying a fee or what fee to pay is on the roadmap for after HD wallets.
It's difficult/annoying, because obtaining this data from the P2P network is not currently possible, so we need to introduce some more centralisation again to get it. However after that transactions will go back to being free sometimes.
@_date: 2014-05-17 21:33:03
It could be done but is not a feature of the current app.
@_date: 2014-04-23 08:16:11
bitcoinj wallets will all be deterministic soon. There's a branch that implements BIP32. It's making good progress.
@_date: 2014-08-27 17:13:38
It included the idea that such a file storage protocol would be stupid and inefficient even compared to what can already be done with the existing Bitcoin protocol today. Nobody rational would create such a tool.
I do not expect you to try and frame any kind of technical debate fairly though. You're here to try and make everyone else who is writing code look bad - just as always.
@_date: 2014-09-02 12:26:44
To clarify, at the moment I'm waiting for Olivier to send me (part of) the award money. We already agreed that the full amount will wait for the release we both agree is good enough for an end-user release. Once I receive the funds I'll start on open sourcing it.
@_date: 2014-03-07 14:07:40
You can follow progress on this (HD Wallets) by watching the keychain branch:
@_date: 2014-05-04 19:13:51
One issue does keep me awake at night - the fragility of the P2P network. All it takes is an ability to make large anonymous short sells of Bitcoin and suddenly someone is incentivised to attack the P2P network directly. In practice I do not think it could withstand a sophisticated attack, or even necessarily an unsophisticated one.
Bitcoin does sometimes feel like a huge group of people is dancing on a frozen-over lake.
@_date: 2014-08-28 14:37:40
Huge congratulations to Chris and Alon. This is a fantastic milestone for fully peer to peer decentralised wallets. The feature list is impressive and the UI looks gorgeous.
@_date: 2014-06-06 15:52:33
The BLS has a good debunking of shadowstats and an explanation of how they actually apply hedonic regression. It's not as big a deal as SS makes out.
That doesn't mean I trust inflation stats though! The biggest problem is how they incorporate house prices (or don't):
@_date: 2014-04-23 12:25:42
The entire point of Bitcoin is to forbid transactions the majority disapproves of: double spends, non-coinbase transactions that create money, transactions that are too large, etc. It even says that in the white paper, in the very last sentence:
"Any needed rules and incentives can be enforced with this consensus mechanism."
For dice sites the consensus that they are bad has never been strong, otherwise their transactions could have been delayed into uselessness or simply re-orged out, so I wouldn't worry about that.
@_date: 2014-08-08 10:10:30
Just regular TLS with regular certificates would address it. This is MITM 101.
@_date: 2014-04-28 20:12:51
That can't be done, the physics of it don't allow for full nodes that can run on phones.
However, that's OK. There are other ways to make full nodes lighter. In the long run, we need Bitcoin Core to be given what resources it's allowed by the admin, and then it figures out how to do the most useful work within those resources. For instance by only serving X GB of blockchain per month, by doing chain pruning to keep disk space usage within bounds, etc. This is a huge effort though.
@_date: 2014-03-31 09:06:19
Did you report it to Jim at all? The only way to make wallet software robust is to track down and investigate all cases like this. The only way I know of that this can happen is if you manually adjust the fee to be too low, but I thought MultiBit stopped allowing that for this reason. So perhaps there is another issue we're not currently aware of.
@_date: 2014-03-09 18:38:54
I think you're a bit optimistic.
Remember that an agent is more than just "a program that accepts bitcoin for a service". It has to be autonomous. That means, nobody owns it. That means, any human can attack it without any legal cost (you're not gonna get chased by the police for murdering a program).
So where does your agent keep its wallet, that no human can steal it?
@_date: 2014-01-08 22:38:06
Obviously not, as those algorithms are calculating what people are actually paying. Unfortunately right now lots of heavy traffic generators pay more than the minimum fee, which pushes up the average. The floating fees work assumes Bitcoin users are economically rational, and it appears they aren't.
@_date: 2014-05-01 12:04:02
Right. The new BC code makes speed less of an issue. The bigger problems are that addresses live forever - they aren't like payment protocol requests that can expire. Once you generate an address, the wallet has to assume it may receive money at any time, even a few years from now.
So an infinite stream of addresses + finite memory = problems. Even though the addresses can be recalculated, you still have to be able to quickly figure out which transactions are yours from the stream of false positives you get from the remote nodes, you still need to be able to quickly convert address to key for signing, and so on.
If you have a wallet that tells you it never reuses addresses today, most likely it's either eventually going to fall over, or it's doing everything on a server that is operating very large and expensive databases, which reduces decentralisation.
Note that BIP 70 fixes this. It lets you give people addresses inside a payment request that expire and can't be used after a certain amount of time. Then a wallet can forget about it and stop looking for payments to it. In fact, it doesn't even need to be inserted into Bloom filters at all in the ideal case where you have a backchannel from sender to receiver, so you get better privacy too!
BIP 70 resolves so many tricky problems in the Bitcoin space. It's important for every wallet to support it, for these reasons. I don't know if Mycelium does yet - if not, please support it guys!
@_date: 2014-04-09 14:55:24
You didn't email me last night. I can't tell you anything until you send files so nothing will happen until you do, and I'm not going to message you on reddit.
@_date: 2014-06-18 09:42:19
That's really nice! Congrats!
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:23:02
The idea was along the right lines, it's just the implementation that was lacking. It's been brought back in a somewhat different form now with BIP 70.
(the other mike)
@_date: 2014-07-08 12:29:42
Fees are presently confusing because your transaction may confirm either because of the fee, or because of priority (which is often forgotten). Your transactions may or may not be confirming because of the fee.
@_date: 2014-10-26 12:42:04


Please don't put these two in the same bucket. The only time I'm aware of that Java based tools had problems with bad RNG, it was an operating system level bug. The tools/wallets themselves did not contain any bugs and would have been affected in the same way regardless of what frameworks they'd been written in.
Web based wallets on the other hand don't always have access to any secure RNG at all, and unfortunately rather than reject these users some made the bad decision to try and go ahead anyway with a hand rolled, very weak RNG. It's quite different.
@_date: 2014-04-08 17:06:03
You're wrong. MultiBit has about quarter of a million 7 day actives as measured by update pings, and about 1.5 million total downloads. It's supported by two guys who work for free.
Many Bitcoin users do like to go off the beaten track by importing keys they get elsewhere, etc, so support cases when things go wrong can often take up a lot of time. Especially as unfortunately from time to time you get users who appear to have either forgotten the real events that led to their predicament, or are simply lying.
Free support for wallet apps is hard, hard work.
@_date: 2014-06-15 13:11:17
SPV mode is very useful for things like cheap laptops, tablets and phones. It's useful for end users who don't expect or want resource consumption. But for a serious mining rig (and they're all serious post-ASICs), if you can afford an ASIC unit then you can afford a computer that runs Bitcoin Core. It doesn't even have to be a modern computer. People routinely run Core on a decent laptop. 
So I am not sure that the problem is that poor miners are stuck with rasperry pi's. But even if they were, simply mining on top of the longest chain doesn't help anything and can even hurt. What if someone releases a block that's valid (builds on the best known chain) but is a rule violator, e.g. contains a transaction that creates money outside the coinbase? Now your system is flagging that the pool is attempting to rewrite history, even though it's not.
There's really no reason to not run a full node if you're mining. The bandwidth requirements do not seem problematic to me, given that thousands of people successfully run such nodes for free, without any income stream at all.
I doubt getblocktemplate's bandwidth requirements are really such a problem, though I'd like to hear from GBT-using miners what their experiences are like. More likely, it's just harder to set up and there's no documentation or tutorials showing people how to mine properly. Witness the confusion between p2pool.in (the real site) and p2pool.org (just another pool, effectively) - basic stuff like this has to be addressed before fancier solutions become the next lowest hanging fruit.
@_date: 2014-04-23 14:58:08
This kind of abuse of game theory gives the field a bad name. It's the same argument people tried to claim that all blocks would end up empty because miners would engage in a race to the bottom with block inclusion, to avoid orphaning. This violates both common sense and observed reality.
@_date: 2014-01-31 13:06:48
Hive has integrated Dropbox backup, so that ticks your first requirement.
Wallets can be encrypted using a passphrase. The two-factor auth blockchain.info gives you isn't "real" two factor, unfortunately, so they are equivalent there. In future I think there will be integrated bitcoinj support for the Trezor device, which would tick this box.
Protecting memory space doesn't make any sense. If someone can attach a debugger to your wallet app it's game over no matter what the wallet does. They can just fetch the passphrase right out of the UI toolkit or just record keystrokes in other ways. MacOS X won't let anything attach a debugger to Hive unless you explicitly authorise that though, so as long as you watch out for alert dialogs you should be good.
I didn't get the last one. Different clients? You can import your Hive wallet into MultiBit, if that's what you're asking.
@_date: 2014-04-08 17:34:48
Yes, as in the app checking for updates (i.e. it is running). That's a pretty standard way to measure usage of a piece of software. It excludes people who downloaded it, used it and then stopped or simply never started.
@_date: 2014-04-23 12:41:57
I think there's a fundamental misunderstanding of how the system works here.
There are two majorities that matter in Bitcoin. There's the hashpower majority, which gets to decide on (simplifying a bit) the ordering of transactions but not their validity. There is also a few other edge cases, like hashpower majorities can delete coinbases mined by others, by forking the chain and removing them from the timeline. What I posted about is a minor variant of that already existing possibility.
Then there's the "economic majority". This concept is not discussed as much and is less well defined. You don't have to mine to be a part of this, you just have to be economically important. This is what stops miners arbitrarily changing the rules of the system even if they have a hashpower majority. If a big miner with 60% of hash power decided, for example, that they really wanted 50 BTC per block instead of 25 BTC, it wouldn't work because the nodes run by Bitstamp, Bitpay, other important players would refuse to recognise their blocks. It'd be as if they were never mined at all.
What if all the big exchanges and all the big payment processors and lots and lots of regular people selling things for Bitcoin all got together and decided to change to 50 BTC per block forever, with the support of some miners (but not necessarily a majority)? Well, that's a very different situation. If you didn't go along with them you might find yourself on the wrong side of a chain fork and that your coins don't get accepted when you try to spend them.
This is all how Bitcoin is meant to work and has always worked. It enforces lots of rules. The rule set is so large and complicated that we don't recommend people try to reimplement Bitcoin Core because there's a big risk you might accidentally get one of the rules wrong and get forked off the chain. Virtually all the rules are boring and only a handful of devs ever think about them, they're to do with things like the exact behaviour of particular opcodes in the scripting language and stuff. But they _are_ rules and they _are_ enforced by majority rule.
@_date: 2014-05-27 14:28:33
The PDF is digitally signed, as it says. Open it in a reader that understands PDF signatures and you'll see that it's signed with my qualified signature key (means: is legally equivalent to a regular signature under the various e-signing acts). For instance FoxIT or Adobe Reader can show you that. 
I did also sign it with my PGP key and sent the detached signature to Bitstamp, but they didn't upload it. I might put it on my website later. However in practice hardly anyone uses PGP and finding a path to my key through the web of trust is not very easy. The regular PDF signatures are much easier to verify.
@_date: 2014-01-26 16:45:56
Hi guys,
Here's some responses to issues that people brought up:
* Floating fees. It's being designed so that miners cannot manipulate the fee estimates. Basically each node watches the flow of transactions into the memory pool and how long it takes them to appear in the chain, and calculates fee averages vs time taken. Each full node will maintain its own fee estimates and SPV clients will then query their peers to ask for fee estimates (another reason anti-sybil is important!)
* Min fee. Yes there is a min fee. If your tx has insufficient priority and insufficient fee it may not relay across the network. Mostly a transaction DOES qualify for relaying but confirmation times can be wildly variable if you don't pay enough.
* Zero knowledge proofs of passport. This has been widely discussed in several forums - this part of my talk was venturing into the area of theoretical research (you can't even code up what I suggested today). There are several explanations by people who understand the proposal both in this reddit thread and I posted one myself to bitcointalk. Just be aware that I try and write my talks to be interesting rather than lists of "things guaranteed to happen". One of my last talks was on autonomous flying vending machines, after all :)
* Payment protocol. The data here does not go into the block chain. If you have more questions about this please read [the FAQ I wrote about it](
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:20:18
Yes. Failure for Bitcoin is a very likely outcome, for these reasons - it's not clear to me we can ever produce a competitive user experience. The only reason it's even worth trying is that the existing system really kind of sucks, especially in the USA, so it's not like we're competing against perfection or anything.
That said, the basic model Bitcoin presents is simple and intuitive. No sane wallet software exposes asymmetric crypto directly. There's only "addresses" (easy) and "wallets", which are a really great analogy for their physical counterparts. So far, so simple. That's one reason why it was able to take off, I think. It's not very hard to figure out.
The trick will be to preserve that simplicity as we try to resolve all the other problems the decentralised model presents. For now a lot of people clearly aren't ready to be their own bank, even if they're front-line cheerleaders for the project (see how Erik V lost money in Mt Gox for an example). So that's the biggest risk.
@_date: 2014-12-02 17:09:52


Your assumption isn't a good one, I'm afraid. A few examples:
Wachovia/Wells Fargo:
Standard Chartered:
Lloyds TSB
BNP Paribas:
I could keep going. Just pick the name of any major bank, and search for $name + money laundering and you'll find stories like these. Why? Because America is in the process of completely taking control of the global financial system. By exploiting the centrality of the dollar and New York to punish *any* bank who displeases them, they are effectively forcing their own foreign policy onto everyone else, regardless of what those other countries might want or need.
Nowadays you don't even need any US presence at all. Look at how FATCA is implemented and its pass-thru provisions in particular to see how things are going.
@_date: 2014-03-06 08:53:01
You're quoting something I wrote two years ago as an example of "always plugging" - exactly the kind of distortion and misinformation you so readily accuse others of.
Using Twister to register names is not much different to using Namecoin, which I covered in the article already. It doesn't work for the same reasons.
@_date: 2014-06-13 10:28:52
That prevents pooling but doesn't do much to solve the problems pooling was created to solve.
@_date: 2014-04-17 16:08:35
Multibit is not designed to do wallet cloning like this. Keep them separate until Multibit HD is around.
@_date: 2014-04-23 11:35:13
No, just Peter Todd being his usual self. Claiming people said things they didn't? Check. Reductio ad absurdum? Check. Immediately running to reddit to troll instead of engaging in actual reasonable discussion on the development list he was nearly banned from? Check.
I don't have the energy to bother with a proper rebuttal because experience teaches me that Todd will never stop trolling and trying to stir up pitchfork wielding crowds. It's just inherent in his personality. Arguing with him is like arguing with a climate change denier.
@_date: 2014-05-05 09:05:20
Sigh. Taaki says multiple things in this talk that are simply not true.
1) I do not work for Circle. I have never worked for Circle. I did not leave Google to work for Circle. This is something Amir has been saying repeatedly but he just made it up. A few months ago I joined their "advisory board" which simply means if they have questions or want opinions, they get first dibs on my time. Since then I spent maybe a day with them in total. If answering occasional questions counts as working for someone then I have about ten jobs I didn't know about.
2) He was not kicked off the security list for political reasons. The security list contains (fortunately rare) discussion of security problems in Bitcoin Core to give developers time to fix them before they become public knowledge. He was removed because of his involvement in the Bitcoinica incident, which was acquired when he was a part of Intersango. On acquiring the Bitcoinica code he was so desperate to open source it, he released the code without reading it. That code contained a live Mt Gox API key that authorised access to Bitcoinica's funds, which were then immediately stolen. Gavin concluded that the sort of guy who would upload his company's passwords to the internet was not trustable with security sensitive information. It wasn't a politically driven decision - that is again, something Amir just made up.
3) I did not "collaborate with the Dutch police to bring down the Silk Road". For a third time, this is something that happened only in Amir's head. At a conference I went to in Amsterdam there was a panel about Bitcoin and the law, and one of the panel speakers was a member of the Dutch police. After the talk me and several others stood around chatting, as people do at conferences, and we talked about the Silk Road. I said I thought DPR was over confident and the technology couldn't protect him as well as he thought. Only a couple of weeks later Ulbricht was arrested, so I was dead right about that. But that's all I said - I didn't have any special knowledge about SR and shooting the breeze with some guy who just turned up at a conference is not "collaborating with the police". I never saw the guy again and I don't even remember his name.
@_date: 2014-03-31 07:29:31
Could you let me know when this was? There have been bugs like this in the past but there aren't any known issues like that at the moment.
@_date: 2014-06-10 17:11:40
I think the article has more worth than you believe - for instance I don't see the discussions of energy outputs or technology level as anecdotes but rather important reality checks. What the mainstream economics profession  tells us is that Japan is a stagnant backwater - that's what the term "lost decades" implies and is how it's routinely represented in the media - it's an argument based almost entirely upon statistics which claim to accurately represent the state of the world. But do they? Reality checks are tremendously important. Japan does not _feel_ like somewhere that's been falling behind for decades, and picking statistics that have less complex definitions and measurement procedures than GDP, like electricity output, seems like a worthwhile thing to double check with.
I'm not sure why you write off balance of trade so readily. I didn't find this paragraph of your response very convincing. The argument is about whether Japan's economy is somehow stagnant and dysfunctional or whether it's actually doing just fine. It seems reasonable that a robust economy would produce goods and services valued by other countries, and would consume imports bought with those exports. For countries like the USA or the UK that run massive trade deficits, sure, they can keep buying effectively on loan for as long as the other countries are willing to sell, but that still doesn't say good things about their competitiveness or the value of what their economies produce, does it? And what if one day the creditors get tired of lending?
Your final paragraph is circular. You claim that Japan must have a problem, because their president believes the running narrative that Japan has a problem, and is doing what western economists tell him to do. But this is all based on the assumption that the understanding of those economists is correct! Yet under their guidance western economies lurch from one crisis to another, one bubble to another even bigger one with no end in sight. Clearly these people do not have their act together. It's deeply unclear there is any real "need" for Abenomics, which can as well end in disaster - Japan's trade surplus is already at the smallest level for a long time thanks to the weaker yen, yet, there is no increase in exports as the theory predicts. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 18:01:29
If you have a buffer of months, why would switching to a smaller pool be a problem? There are more pools than just btcguild, p2pool and eligius.
Also, given that you have the technical ability to set up a hardware farm (!) why is p2pool so hard?
@_date: 2014-10-17 12:15:02
These posts Gavin has made effectively summarise the outcome of debates (at times, flamewars) that took place over the last four years or so. That's why there may sometimes seem to be a lack of context.
Gregory Maxwell posts here as nullc - you can search this page to find posts by him on the topic.
@_date: 2014-06-11 10:50:50
1) .con is not a valid top level domain, so you would not be able to get an SSL cert for it, so you cannot sign for it
2) Any CA cert will work. For instance you can make your business name appear, if you have an EV cert. Those are checked against business registries.
@_date: 2014-10-13 17:20:50


Actually, I implemented support for this in Bitcoin Wallet for Android some time ago:
This branch is now quite far behind master, but it provides full support. It exposes a Binder/IPC based API to other apps. They can request permission to spend some of the users money, and there's a permissions screen that lets the user specify how much to allow the app to use. Then the app can request a micropayment channel be built. The wallet hands back serialized protobuf messages that the app is responsible for getting to the micropayment channel server in whatever way is appropriate (it'd be bluetooth in your case). When the app receives a message from the server, again, it's relayed to the wallet via IPC.
I prototyped an actual app that used this interface, it worked OK, though it was somewhat fiddly.
That said it's probably unnecessary here. Your fuel pump is signing its BIP70 requests, so your reputation is on the line if the machine screws someone over. Micropayment channels don't really make much sense unless the device issuing the payments has a way to know how much of a service it's received, so here, you'd need the car itself to measure the fuel it was getting and keep paying to get the next few seconds of flow. More effort than it's worth.
BTW, it's awesome to see someone really engaged in this sort of innovation. I worked on Bluetooth, NFC and BIP70 support with Andreas over the past couple of years, actually the first ever NFC Bitcoin transaction was in my old Google office. So it's great to see you do something neat with all the technologies we've put together.
@_date: 2014-04-23 12:22:31
You start out claiming to summarise what I wrote, and then go off and start talking about taxes and other things I never mentioned nor are even connected with what is being discussed. Then later you bring up entirely unrelated things I've talked about at other times. 
Sorry, you don't get to weasel out of this by claiming it's "just an extrapolation", you are deliberately attempting to confuse people about what was written and as you can see from the post above, apparently it works, at least some of the time. What's more your extrapolations make no sense. The leap from "miners work against double spenders" to "all miners must present government issued ID to mine" is enormous and in no way implied by anything I've ever said. In fact my email explicitly says that this would be the traditional solution and the point of Bitcoin is to try out alternatives, so I said the exact opposite of this.
This behaviour is absolutely typical of you - slick use of words to try and confuse people into believing something different to reality, usually about other people.
The public reaction on this thread is very likely to have nothing to do with my ideas, given that most of what you wrote is not about them.
@_date: 2014-05-02 12:39:38
Yes, if your node is RAM constrained, you'll have to keep reloading the blocks off disk again and again. If you have enough RAM to hold a few days worth of blocks then the issue becomes the constant reparsing into CBlock objects and then the hashing and matching.
Why do you think you can't split bloom filters across multiple nodes? Take your set of addresses/keys and shard them into 4 different filters for 4 nodes.
Prefix filtering would have probably been a bit cheaper than Bloom filtering, if it had been implemented that way. But in the end scanning the entire chain to find relevant transactions isn't going to scale great no matter how optimal the implementation is. There's just lots of redundant work involved.
Long term the way I want to go is tagging addresses in the wallet as "exposed only via BIP70". Then if there's a backchannel you don't have to query the block chain to find the payment transactions. You just need to get them from the sender, broadcast them and have a way to find out when they confirmed. The -txindex code already exists so that makes lookups cheap at the cost of more disk usage.
@_date: 2014-05-27 14:50:31
Yes unfortunately many PDF readers don't implement the signature specs. Disappointingly, evince has patch sets for it that were never merged.
One big advantage is that the signature is bundled, so it can't "get lost" like it did here. But, I uploaded the GPG signature of the PDF here:
You can get my key here:
@_date: 2014-03-06 08:49:33
I wonder when that was written. Such a statement is clearly nonsense in today's world: SSH is used by a tiny minority whereas every Google or Facebook user relies on SSL.
What's more, saying "to the best of my knowledge, it's never been exploited" doesn't prove much: the whole point of the SSH study is that you can MITM people without them noticing. It could have happened a lot with the victims remaining oblivious.
@_date: 2014-09-01 21:01:04


The protocol still allows this actually, along with various other ways to mutate a transaction. Malleability has not been fixed. Bitcoin Core's wallet code got better at reporting what's happening when it occurs, but the underlying problem remains. 
This isn't just something that can cause software to misbehave. It can also weaken the security of various contract based protocols, and can undoubtably cause security holes in other services or programs in future. It's just not intuitive that Bitcoin can work this way and whenever you have sharp edges on a protocol, someone will get cut.
I don't think I said in the video that Mt Gox lost money due to malleability?   I don't believe it was. Although the interview was months ago so perhaps my memory is faulty.
If you think I'm still working for Google, you'd have to explain why my old username hearn is now bouncing mails. Unless of course, the conspiracy is even vaster than imagined!
@_date: 2014-11-04 20:30:34
It actually was the first wallet to ever support NFC transactions with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-06-25 08:59:09
Looking at raw commits is misleading. As pointed out up thread, many of those commits are things like optimisations, build system changes, refactorings, relatively minor RPC features and so on. That's not to say these are unimportant! They are all useful and important! My comments were purely about the protocol itself, which has had no major changes now for quite some time. The two big ones being worked on are:
1) Floating fees, in development now for about 8 months.
2) Mark's UTXO commitments work which is far from being ready to merge, he estimates it's even about a year away from being ready.
Then there's small ones like my getutxo pull, which is technically trivial but turned into a giant debatefest over changes to design philosophy of the project.
Other big changes we have talked about for years, even "no brainers" like fixes for things like tx malleability - nobody is working on these.
@_date: 2014-05-01 11:55:13
BTW, the website says stealth addresses were invented by Peter Todd. The _name_ was for sure, but the actual idea of ECDH addresses is due to a guy who posts as ByteCoin.
@_date: 2014-05-27 15:00:42
From 
"Additionally, a financial statement audit is in progress."
The overlap between people who are traditional accredited auditors and people who understand the Bitcoin technology and things like signing with private keys is presently very small. I'm sure with time things like this will start being done by regular auditing firms that are completely unconnected with the Bitcoin economy in any way, but for now it's hard to find people with all the attributes one might ideally want.
@_date: 2014-04-23 12:17:38
Decentralisation is good! The larger the set of miners the better, indeed partly because a consensus of lots of different people is more valid than a consensus of only a few.
@_date: 2014-12-04 10:43:31
That's all good news, although you guys used to have an EV cert and now it seems to have gone. I guess because the company wasn't actually called blockchain and that was confusing people? Bringing it back under a more predictable company name would be a good idea.
@_date: 2014-07-29 09:58:25
W.R.T gun control, it's worth remembering that America is unique in its approach there. Be careful not to make general arguments about humanity  or individuals based on America and guns. Every other developed country has gun control and it's popular.
The reason is, other countries do not tend to have a cultural link between guns and freedom like America does. Often people fear their governments less, dislike the idea of civil war more, and/or don't believe you can overthrow a professional army with handguns.
I'm not going to get involved in a debate over which side is "right" here - they're just different. But if you're going to draw parallels between crypto software and guns be aware that for many people you may be arguing the opposite of what you think you're arguing ...
@_date: 2014-05-10 15:56:32
Those quotes are not exclusive. If the only way to do this kind of thing was add data to the block chain - OK, then let's do that. In this case, it's not necessary. Stuffing data into transactions nobody verifies is just a shortcut to avoid finding some other way to send it. 
@_date: 2014-06-25 09:06:17
You can selectively reveal the countries and play with various balances. But yes, ultimately there are various ways to undermine such a scheme (which is anyway unimplementable today).
So far nobody has proposed a group consensus system that is ungameable.
@_date: 2014-07-28 21:21:35
Well, be fair, that's only 45 minutes.
I'm going to bed now, so everyone, have fun hating me overnight :) Just remember - all I'm interested in is configuration options. If you're pro-freedom, you should also be for the freedom of other people to configure their software differently to how you would.
@_date: 2014-11-04 18:13:39
Every consumer wallet started out with configurable fees and removed them because users were incapable of setting fees correctly and it generated a lot of support problems. At some point the setting will likely return but in the form of settable time rather than settable fee
@_date: 2014-06-06 14:22:23
You have to be exceptionally careful dividing the outcomes black/white Japan/US like you did just there. The Japanese "lost decades" are a highly debatable phenomenon: just go look at the Wikipedia page for it to get a flavour of some of the competing explanations. 
Central bankers love to point to Japan's "anemic" 1% yearly growth to justify their inflation policies, but what are they measuring exactly? We all know that growth which in hindsight turns out to have been a massive bubble was not real growth at all, making much of the wests GDP statistics during the same time period highly questionable. In the USA growth in the late 90's was nearly 4% (wow!) but once the dot com bubble popped, it went back to being 1% - probably what it should have been all along if you stripped out all the malinvestments and "growth" in companies that produced no real value. But after the bubble crashed around 2000-2001, US policymakers dropped interest rates in a desperate attempt to reach the previous bubble-induced growth and pretty quickly US growth starts creeping up towards the artificial 3.5-4% level again, this time powered by an out of control housing market:
then the bubble pops once again and GDP shrinks for a couple of years. 
In contrast Japanese GDP growth rate was pretty stable the whole time at between 1% and 2%, except for 2008 when the whole world tanked simultaneously:
Now which seems more realistic to you? That for a mature, highly industrialised economy compound growth of between 1% and 2% in an already huge GDP is pretty much the best we can expect? Or that periods of 3-4% GDP growth as we've seen in the west before major crises are normal and anything lower is the result of mismanagement?
@_date: 2014-03-25 16:35:29
Well, be fair - lots of projects have promised the moon in this regard (e.g. Mastercoin) and then not delivered. Counterparty has actual code and specs, which is great, but when I poked around yesterday the only GUI I found is perhaps better described as a command line in a window. I question whether this can be described as a "functioning distributed exchange".
For a decentralised exchange, I'm not sure what you need are fancy new features in some kind of new embedded protocol. As far as I can tell, you can do it all today with dispute mediated transactions and a way to prove you made a wire transfer (then if you want, a p2p equivalent of the order book on localbitcoins.com). Waxwing / Dan Smith and their SSL auditing work are key for that. So though I haven't weighed in on the Counterparty thread, people who take a relatively unknown project and claim Bitcoin will die without their amazing hack that works in a totally different way to how I am expecting it to work, start out with slightly negative credibility in my view. Certainly I'm willing (happy!) to be proven wrong though!
@_date: 2014-11-14 13:54:16
Smart fees have two components:
1) The part that estimates what fee to pay. This is already in git master and will go out with the next release (real soon now!). Someone recently suggested a better way to calculate the fees, but for most users the estimates wouldn't change much with the new technique. The current estimates are much higher than what is strictly necessary.
2) The wallet part that actually uses the estimates. Bitcoin Core will always use the "get into next block" estimate, which means that if you upgrade, you will end up paying a LOT more for transactions.
Other wallets are very unlikely to use smartfees data any time soon, because it's clearly wrong. The problem is the smartfee algorithm assumes that Bitcoin users are .... well ..... smart. It measures behaviour of other network participants to try and guess what kind of fees to set. But Bitcoin users, at least ones that send a lot of transactions, are not smart and seem to routinely attach fees much higher than actually necessary.
Wallets based on bitcoinj which are keeping up with the project actually now charge 10x less for transaction fees than a couple of months ago - it turns out you can attach a sub-cent fee and usually get confirmed within one or two blocks. So for now such wallets will stay with hard coded values based on observations about what actually works.
What we need in future is:
* Sliders in wallets to let people select how long they are willing to wait for confirmation, and then use that to select from the fee estimate data.
* Fee estimates that are accurate. Eventually, presumably, people will stop setting wacky unnecessary tx fees; they're just throwing money away today. Until then we need an alternative source of data that isn't the code in Bitcoin Core, based on testing what happens when you attach different fee levels.
* An extension to the payment protocol so payments using it don't see the fees at all, the recipient specifies what they should be, and so users often don't have to think about it.
@_date: 2014-05-10 16:00:58
There aren't any other widely available "smart documents" that people only have one of. If you can find some examples that aren't passports, I'd be very interested in that.
@_date: 2014-06-04 11:37:27
Moreover, the essay concludes that most transactions were wholesale, i.e. most of the drugs were still being distributed on the street. They say they think it might have reduced violence in the intro, but beyond the lack of data even their own analysis doesn't support that view. As far as I can tell they just pulled it out of thin air.
The other issue I have with this essay is that it's presented in such a way that that ignores the fact that these black markets don't only sell drugs, they also sell things that are very much about violence, e.g.
Selling poisons that are intended to kill people untraceably after just 48 hours:
Hit men and assassination services, which Ulbricht is accused of using multiple times:
Heavy weaponry including machine guns, grenades and RPG launchers:
As well as things that cause real misery but aren't physically violent, like selling hacked bank accounts and documents for ID theft.
Arguing that sites like these "reduce violence" is a futile waste of time: even if you believe it reduces turf wars between drug dealers, it's impossible to get data about the violence created by other things being sold there. And besides, probably a lot of people don't care if drug dealers shoot each other, but do care if some crazy psycho in their local neighbourhood fires a machine gun through their living room door, or tries to slip abrin into their drink: they'd happily trade more drug violence for less of other kinds that are more likely to affect them.
@_date: 2014-04-24 09:36:00
(edit: deleted, never mind, I saw the bitcointalk thread)
@_date: 2014-04-23 13:29:22
_What you're proposing is changing the rules in a manner which disincentivizes certain behavior even when the rules are being followed._
Double spending is against the "rules" of Bitcoin if you want to phrase it like that, obviously, stopping double spends is the entire purpose of the system. Finney attacks reveal an imperfection in the current enforcement of that rule that can potentially be corrected. But are you going to argue that double spends are a good thing?
With respect to the rest of what you wrote, no, miners *do* orphan blocks that contain forbidden transactions. Go try and make a block that gives yourself 50 BTC in the coinbase. It won't work, the other miners will orphan your block rather than build on it.
Dust rules are deliberately soft, that's why they're implemented in IsStandard and not as a forking rule change. The goal is discouragement rather than an outright ban. But Bitcoin certainly allows transactions to be banned and there are plenty of ways to build such a transaction.
Regardless, coinbase reallocation does not impact any transactions other than the coinbase. The majority can only impact transaction selection indirectly, and even then, only through retroactive punishment. The double spend would still stand even in a block that had its coinbase reallocated. If you want to "fight for the little guy" by Finney attacking people more power to you, just don't expect the rest of us to pay you for it.
@_date: 2014-09-01 20:45:54
I was talking with Olivier about this on Friday. He received a kind of alpha preview last week, a few other people I work with often (Andreas, Alex, Manfred etc) have also got to play with it. So don't worry, Olivier hasn't forgotten. 
I could upload the code to github right now, but the testing last week showed it's not quite polished enough yet for end user downloads (which is something I anticipated and mentioned might happen in the last blog post). So we're currently figuring out exactly what remaining issues and features to resolve before doing a real or beta launch, and in turn how to open source the app without someone unhelpfully "launching" the app for us in a not-fully-baked state. We don't want someone to compile it from the source when we know it isn't 100% polished and then run to reddit saying it sucks.
Olivier does seem to be pretty busy though, so I'll bug him on Skype again tomorrow :)
@_date: 2014-05-17 17:53:36
I agree in principle but I'm told the fees for something like Kickstarter can be above 8% and they have a lot of policies that aren't always appropriate, like requiring videos and public projects (unless they changed things lately). So in this case I think it has real benefits.
@_date: 2014-06-13 11:03:28
Because BIP70 stores binary data structures and JSON represents everything as text. Think about how to calculate digital signatures over a JSON structure? Even changes in whitespace or quote style would break the signature. Heck even protobufs have a little bit too much flexibility in them for this task, but we wanted to be able to reuse the libraries and toolchain.
The hard part of doing BIP70 isn't the data structure serialization. It's the signing.
Again - if there was a command line tool would that have helped?
@_date: 2014-07-07 16:39:29
Hm, was it though? Later they seem to be saying that it was Coinbase and the SMS code was intercepted?!
It seems like even basic things like what wallets people were using isn't clear from this thread. Hard to investigate when the conversation is limited to 140 characters a pop.
@_date: 2014-04-23 14:56:31
So, please do read what I wrote before criticising it :) Yes, the proposal talks about blocks not miners.
Miners know almost nothing about transactions. Unless they do something dumb like constantly reuse addresses and publicise "this address is used by me!!!"   (like dice sites) miners can't easily identify bad transactions. They can't even easily identify double spends unless it's a transaction that the miner deliberately created themselves as a way to spot blocks that are Finney attacks, by submitting them to a double spending service and watching out for them to show up in the block chain.
Software merely encodes human judgement. You can't avoid it. You sound like you're so afraid of anyone ever making any decisions, even in the form of group consensus, you want to live in a dictatorship of machines. Bitcoin is not the foundation of such a system, though.
@_date: 2014-03-19 17:40:04
Bitcoin uses LevelDB which is designed with hard drives in mind. It does things that make a lot of sense for hard drives, but I'm less convinced they make sense for SSDs. It would not surprise me if at some point someone comes up with a different db that is better optimised for SSDs.
@_date: 2014-04-15 23:19:01
You are an idiot and should shut down your service, or call it what it is  - a way to defraud merchants and make Bitcoin useless for the majority of every day transactions. Hopefully no miners would be dumb enough to significantly lower the value of their mined coins by supporting your service.
By the way, I think there's an interesting legal liability question here - if someone buys a product and then uses your service to Finney attack the merchant, are you part of a conspiracy to defraud the seller?
@_date: 2014-05-18 08:07:59
I think the notion of an assurance contract is a lot more general than what you see with things like Kickstarter, which is very oriented towards funding the creation of arts and hardware projects that don't yet exist.
I wrote this app mostly for my own use: so we can raise money to pay for development of new Bitcoin features. I guess I'm already quite well known in the community so my reputation is more relevant than an aggregators like Kickstarter, but despite that I primarily plan to write the features first and then raise money to pay for their release, thus minimising the risk still further.
My experience of Kickstarter has been mixed - whilst there's some prevetting going on the rate of projects which fail or suffer huge delays is quite significant. It will always be the case that there are lots of projects where the people doing it already have a better reputation than Kickstarter, and there's also now scope to explore micro use cases, like someone who wants to organise a party amongst a big group of friends but only if enough chip in to make it worth going to. Lighthouse can be used to arrange such things entirely over email or web forums so it's more appropriate for casual adhoc stuff. Also that of that 8-10% overhead 3-5% is just credit card fees. It's not even Kickstarter overhead.
Final point: Lighthouse lets the target address of the contract be a multisig address. So you could combine the assurance contract aka crowd fund with bitcoins dispute mediation features, such that the project owner only gets the money if they want do deliver. If they wish to pre-sell, they can then borrow the money from someone better placed to judge delivery risk.
@_date: 2014-05-07 13:21:51
They do this in practice:
The USA does not care about international law, of course. It's actually close to slavery. There are all kinds of conditions in which you can renounce but they will still tax you at full rate anyway, like if you spend at least 31 days at a time in the US at any point for 10 years after renunciation.
The point of FATCA is to ensure you always have to pay taxes to Uncle Sam if they want you to, and there's nowhere you can run or hide. That's why it's so evil. It's essentially formalising the global American empire and putting anyone who gets too close to America behind a financial Berlin wall.
@_date: 2014-04-23 12:35:38
I am doing elsewhere on this thread. But so far not many direct criticisms were made, except Andy's point (on the mailing list) about how the real fraud rate would be $HASHPOWER_PERCENT * $DISHONESTY_PERCENT rather than just $HASHPOWER_PERCENT. Though as he points out, it's not really worth arguing about or trying to predict the exact numbers, which are unknowable.
Do you have a specific issue you'd like me to address?
Context may help, by the way. This problem was first discussed in 2011, in this thread where Hal Finney first proposed the Finney attack. As you can see there's quite a lot of discussion about miners refusing to build on blocks that double spend, from people like Hal and Gavin:
but the exact mechanisms being talked about back then (re-orging them away) pose a few problems. My post is about a slight variant on those schemes - it's not something that's a big change to Bitcoin given that miners can already delete each others coinbases if they gang up on each other, and that is inherent to the block chain algorithm.
@_date: 2014-10-22 17:41:17
Come on, be polite.
GibbsSamplePlatter is completely correct to analyse this in the context of SPV Bloom filtering (which exists) and not IBLT (which is still in development and is a different algorithm). Cuckoo filters are described as being a more or less drop in replacement for Bloom filters, for the same use cases.
It doesn't make much difference for Bitcoin. The hard part of Bloom filtering is not the filter algorithm itself, which works well enough for our purposes (we wouldn't benefit much from deletion I think), but the general difficulty of constructing a robust PIR on top of it.  I've written about the problems involved in this on the bitcoinj mailing list, but it can be summed as "lying is easy, lying _convincingly_ is very hard". To make Bloom filtering work better at the moment basically involves lots of complicated non-crypto programming inside SPV wallet code (bitcoinj and BreadWallet).
@_date: 2014-03-25 17:53:08
I think this is the key aspect that's confusing to me. You're talking about fiat exchanges when you talk about vicurex etc, right? So for that just trading database entries is insufficient. You need integration with the banking system.
I'm all for things like bets and decentralised debt markets but I'm not sure why you need to create a new embedded currency to do that. The designs I've seen don't do that.
@_date: 2014-07-28 19:54:49
Yes, I'm sure some people think "this person posed a question I don't like" implies "this person is therefore an attacker, get him!!". That doesn't make such knee-jerk reactions logical or worth defending. 
That's especially true because this tweet Andrea made is just a dumb mistake - she said she thinks that's my node i.e. the one she read about, even though it's not. She got angry and threw around wild accusations without evidence. Poor show.
Anyway, the fact that this idiocy even comes up shows how fragile the Tor model can be. Someone starts providing the network with resources - exactly what people are asked to do - and suddenly paranoia and accusations are flying. The Tor project could easily require operators of large exits to present themselves to the directory operators first and check them out a bit, but they choose not to. OK, no problem, but then you don't get to accuse random bystanders of being attackers when a new relay turns up.
@_date: 2014-07-28 14:15:45
Then I would have set my contact details on the rest and configured the family field. As I hope you do too.
@_date: 2014-05-29 10:28:32
Because this keeps coming up, let me try to explain once again.
The problem can be phrased like this:
There are times when you would like to connect to a bunch of computers, and have some assurance they're not colluding against you. For example, Tor absolutely requires this assurance as part of its design. If the three relays your TorBrowser picks are all working together, they can de-anonymise you.
One of the most easy and obvious ways this can happen is if those computers are in fact all run by the same person.
Therefore it would be a good start, if we could check that these nodes are run by different people. They could, of course, be several different people who all team up against you, but we have to walk before we can run.
To do this requires some cryptographic notion of what a person is. This is a hard problem. IP address doesn't work because one person can easily make themselves appear to be thousands of IP addresses, it's especially cheap if they control your internet connection. Satoshi picked "one CPU one vote" as a slightly better approximation but of course GPUs and mining ASICs messed that up pretty fast too. 
If I had an ability to generate a public key, and prove that I only generated one for myself somehow, then this would be ideal. But of course  a public key is just a big random number. There's no way for me to prove I didn't generate lots of them.
So we need something that people tend to have, but don't tend to have more than one of. There's no perfect match for this requirement. Big websites that are trying to stop spammers signing up repeatedly use phone numbers, which is not bad but isn't something that's cryptographically provable. Plus it's really expensive to check, and many governments require ID verification to get a mobile phone number, so it's bad for surveillance.
An NFC readable e-Passport is also a pretty good match: lots of people have them, and at most some people might have two or three, but more than that is really rare. Plus the details on them should correlate pretty strongly. But: it's not a cryptographic key, it's just a document, so to prove you have one requires that you present it. Then anyone who sees it can copy it. And of course it has the same problem phone numbers have with respect to surveillance.
So we invent a new thing that didn't exist before. It's called a zero knowledge proof of passport (ZKPOP). It's a piece of data that is derived from your passport but is not your passport. In fact it's a series of 12 numbers (field elements) that when fed into a giant pile of equations provides a mathematical proof that you possess a valid (not forged) passport the details of which hash to some value (like c8f37d8fa2fc1f59c02587c64f79d325265928fa). The proof also incorporates a fresh elliptic curve public key thus binding them together. So now I can present these sets of big opaque numbers and prove to you:
* I am some person
* I am not the same person as those guys over there
* Some message was digitally signed by me
However you don't know anything more about me than that: I am anonymous.
Let's go back to the walking-before-running comment above. Requiring a group of people to collaborate against me is a lot better than needing only one person, but it's still a bit weak. Ideally we could select people who are unlikely to have any shared agenda or goals against me. But how is that possible, whilst still remaining anonymous?
It turns out we can selectively reveal information from the passport beyond just a hash of the contents. For example we could reveal the country. Now I can pick three Tor relays controlled by an American, a Russian and a Chinese guy. They might still be in cahoots, but at least if they are, there's probably some really damn good reason why they're colluding against me.
Now here's the big problem with the above scheme: lots of people read what I just wrote, don't understand it, and fixate on the passport part. ZOMG GOVERNMENTS! Well, nothing about the above scheme *requires* passports, you could just as well use travel passes or something else that had the same technological structure as an NFC passport, but it turns out that there aren't many objects that satisfy the needed properties. 
Also, you can see this scheme in two lights. One is to just say "governments are involved, it must be bad". The other is to see it as a kind of judo move: e-Passports were never issued with the intention that they be used to solve hard problems in building anonymising peer to peer networks. But they can be, and there's not much that can be done about it now: governments can't stop people using their passports in this way regardless of what they might want short of throwing out the whole system and designing a new one from scratch, which would take decades and be absurdly expensive. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:53:17
Have I ever "heavily plugged" Mt Gox, Taaki? Or is this just you making things up again?
Your last paragraph doesn't make any technical sense. Go implement your ideas and then come back.
@_date: 2014-08-25 12:14:25
It has been, at least for some use cases:
Example app that uses it:
@_date: 2014-06-06 15:55:07
I'd be interested to know what you make of this article:
@_date: 2014-04-23 13:49:49
No, it doesn't. The Finney attacking blocks could be mined by anyone, you don't have to know who they are. Just that they did the attack. It makes no difference to miner anonymity.
Miners must already behave themselves. Again, try mining a block that gives yourself 100 BTC in the coinbase and see what happens.
Bitcoin is not a system that supports proportional representation. How would that even work? The majority says, 25 BTC per block. A minority says 100 BTC. Who wins? Split the difference?
@_date: 2014-01-21 09:27:25
There is no permission you can grant that will allow other apps to read your wallet. Apps can't ask for root permission, it simply isn't allowed.
@_date: 2014-12-22 16:40:45
MultiBit HD has some working TREZOR support in prototype stage. When they (finally!) release MBHD it should have a really nice feature set.
@_date: 2014-01-21 09:26:22
Do you have an actual resource usage problem with it in the last 6 months, or is this comment based on how the app used to perform a year ago? Because its resource usage can be measured in kilobytes these days.
@_date: 2014-06-25 09:03:26
D'oh. It's like saying the web is in crisis because HTML moves slowly, and guess what, back in the first part of the millenium when the only browser anyone used was IE6 and Microsoft had disbanded the team, the web *was* in crisis!
@_date: 2014-05-07 10:51:31
Ending that is what FATCA and the new OECD push is all about. The idea is there won't be any "offshore" anymore. They will all report you back to your local governments.
@_date: 2014-05-07 10:49:29
USA charges a massive, sometimes unaffordable exit tax if you renounce citizenship, and may deny you renunciation entirely if they suspect you're doing it for tax reasons.
Also, good luck getting most Americans to care about an issue that only affects people who leave. The trend is likely to be that US expats are squeezed even harder in future because it's "free money".
@_date: 2014-08-23 21:09:27
There is an iOS wallet that works in a similar way called BreadWallet. Apparently it's pretty good - check it out!
@_date: 2014-05-01 11:59:11
In other words they're _not_ SPV compatible at the moment. You proposed large protocol changes that nobody has implemented.
Anyway, I don't feel much like implementing more special address types in bitcoinj. The whole notion of an address is one we need to get away from. We can easily add ECDH key agreement via the payment protocol and then the need for OP_RETURN bloat and big P2P protocol changes goes away + we get lots of other important features at the same time.
@_date: 2014-12-02 10:37:15


This statement is true but not for the reasons Breuer was implying.
Firstly consider the source. He's an Assistant Attorney General. He isn't going to say "Had the U.S. authorities decided to have press charges, HSBC would almost certainly have won because our case is weak and riddled with holes". Of course he's going to say they would have won.
In case you think bankers are always guilty or the US only wants to prosecute strong cases, consider the case of UBS executive Raoul Weil. The USA indicted him for engaging in rampant tax evasion with American clients. The Swiss refused to extradite him, so they captured him in Italy and sent him to Florida. Most bankers would have plea bargained. Instead he was convinced of his innocence and went to trial. The case collapsed immediately. Weil didn't even have to present any witnesses, the jury acquitted him after only one hour of deliberation anyway because the governments case was so poor.
Secondly consider the laws that apply. It's virtually impossible not to violate American AML laws if you're a bank, especially if you're a large bank. They criminalise any bank that has any criminal clients, or even any criminal clients-of-clients, *regardless of whether the bank knew*. It is deemed the banks responsibility to Know Their Customer and if one of those customers manages to pull a fast one on the bank, it becomes the bank executives criminal liability. Regardless of how hard they tried.
This makes literally every banker in the world a money launderer. They cannot help it. The rules are just that bad. So when Breuer says the entire banking system would have been destabilised, he's right! The US Govt needs the axe to be credible and scary but not to actually swing it. If they actually started jailing bankers en-masse for crimes allegedly committed by other people (not even proven crimes, note) then what would happen? Every banker would head for the exits simultaneously and banks would begin dumping clients in bulk. It'd make 2008 look like a stroll through a grassy meadow. 
The Senate report already pointed out that one of HSBC's problems was high staff turnover in their compliance department. Actually jailing them would make this issue 100x worse.
So Breuer (and the US Treasury who were trying to stop the DoJ going forward) are right. They've built a system so horrible that if it was actually activated, it could destabilise the entire banking system. It's much more useful to them to make bankers grovel publicly, take a big chunk of their money, stop them from defending themselves against whatever accusations the US makes and keep them in fear.


Again, this is US propaganda. You're not hearing their side of the story.
HSBC is a large international bank. It's actually more like a coalition of banks. At the time in question only America had banking sanctions on Iran. Other countries did not and many had major trading ties with them. So when a customer in Britain wanted to wire money to an Iranian company as part of a trade deal, HSBC UK needed to process that money, but due to quirks of their internal infrastructure, they had to involve computers and infrastructure in the USA to do that. The transfer was not illegal under UK law. 
However America does not care much for the details of jurisdiction. So HSBC USA refused to process these transactions because, they knew perfectly well that Congress had a very clear "you're either with us or against us" policy on Iran and they feared the punishment. But HSBC UK (and other countries) still needed to get their lawful business done. The solution was the one given above - remove details so the American Great Firewall of Finance didn't see any Iran-related keywords.
What should HSBC have done? Immediately shut down all transactions to Iran worldwide because of the location of some shared computers? Told their clients in Europe that they weren't going to let those businesses send their own money in entirely legal ways? That would itself have probably violated various contracts and laws. They were put in a lose/lose situation by the viciousness of Congress.




Firstly, I do not trust any "evidence" presented by the US Government on such matters. I suggest you read the book I linked to below (Treasury's War) to get a view into the mindset of these people. They routinely claim to have evidence about things that later turns out to not exist, or simply have been interpreted in the way they most wanted to be true.
Secondly, AML laws don't require you investigate the origin of every customers deposits. They require you to take a "risk based approach", in the jargon, i.e. only look at the suspicious cases. Of course this is why every banker is guilty - anything can be retroactively classified as suspicious in hindsight by the government. The Senate report in fact quotes emails suggesting that HSBC *did* investigate the foreign exchange houses claimed to be used by cartels, and there was internal disagreement on whether they were actually suspicious or not, partly because a lot of them were being used to send money home by temporary workers.
So when they say this branch "barely" verified name and address (i.e. they did) and didn't investigate the origins of deposits (the threshold for which is undefined and subjective) this doesn't boil down to very much.
But they're great at making it sound damning, aren't they?
@_date: 2014-12-01 21:28:17
The US government claimed this, but they are hardly bastions of truth are they? But even if that was happening, it's not like these people rocked up to a bank branch with boxes conveniently labelled "DRUG MONEY". The whole point of money laundering is that you have an apparently legitimate source of your cash, hence the classical approach of using a fake chain of shops.
Essentially, the DoJ's position is that the bank should have suspected it was drug money and refused to handle it. We never got to hear HSBC's side of the story because not telling it was a part of the deal to avoid being prosecuted. But it's clear that fundamentally they expected a bunch of random Mexican bank tellers and middle managers to fight the cartels, even though the Mexican and US govts together have not been able to succeed at that, and even though people who cause trouble for the cartels tend to end up dead.
@_date: 2014-10-17 12:33:00
When I talk to VCs and Bitcoin-related financial institutions (the others don't care of course), scalability doesn't normally come up as an issue. Why should it? We're not even at 1 transaction per second today. Do you anticipate 700% usage growth in one year? Remember: Bitcoin got a lot of press coverage this year and usage this summer has been pretty flat.
W.R.T. acknowledging it as an issue, everyone has always acknowledged it. The first question Satoshi ever got on the announcement thread was about scaling. The first question I asked him when I emailed him in 2009 was about scaling. I wrote the wiki page and bitcoin.org FAQ on scalability  because it came up so often. It's not like the issue was being ignored - rather, people who looked at it from a systems engineering perspective said "this will scale OK for the forseeable future, no big deal". And they were right.
@_date: 2014-08-28 14:41:19
If you like the look of this wallet, check out the WalletTemplate app in the bitcoinj source code. It shows how to make a simple UI wallet with some of the same animations and features as Bitcoin Authenticator (tor mode, HD wallets, animated GPU accelerated blurs etc). Anyone can copy/paste it to form the basis for a new app.
edit: And that's how Alon/Chris got started, in fact.
@_date: 2014-12-02 10:17:41


I know. I can tell because you didn't even bother to read my summary. Juan Zarate is not an HSBC executive. He worked for the Treasury. He was the guy nuking banks because he had a hunch they were somehow involved with Bad Guys.
The rest of your post doesn't make any sense as a result. HSBC might have received letters from the Treasury claiming that bank X Y or Z was some kind of global terror nexus, but the Bush administration routinely claimed that about almost anyone they didn't like. That didn't make it true, and besides, HSBC is as international as they get. Why should people in France care what some bureaucrat in the Treasury thinks about a major Saudi bank?


Thanks. To understand my position, you could start by reading what I've read. Or at least my summaries of it.
@_date: 2014-04-28 20:05:02
Unfortunately that doesn't work. I tried it too and nothing exits from my node.
The problem is that Tor builds circuits to exit nodes before it knows what kind of traffic it's going to get, so it picks exits that can handle web traffic. Then when it gets bitcoin traffic it says, oh hey, I'll reuse the circuits I have already built. So you can't get any traffic this way.
Now bitcoinj has integrated Tor support 8333-only exits should start to get a bit of traffic
@_date: 2014-01-21 09:25:33
You want a PIN on your wallet but not on the phone itself, is the issue?
@_date: 2014-11-30 17:06:46
I think BitCore has some code to do bip70 now. But perhaps a better question is, why does it need to be a browser app, if you're doing a PoS terminal? Check out the WalletTemplate app in bitcoinj or this tutorial:
You can make a slick UX without touching HTML and I recommend you try it.
@_date: 2014-07-13 16:42:58
If both phones were Android and running Bitcoin Wallet by Andreas Schildbach (or Hive, which is based on it) then your phone would have sent the transaction via Bluetooth to his phone, and his phone would have broadcasted it. No configuration needed. In that case you can pay without an internet connection.
@_date: 2014-12-29 21:23:56
Last I heard, the GFW started blocking traffic on port 8333. So no un-VPNd full nodes in China, though the GFW is kind of flaky and regional so probably it's still possible to run nodes there sometimes.
@_date: 2014-02-01 12:37:30
That's not the latest version. I wrote some code to make it bucket by blocks-to-accept and Gavin indicated he agrees that's the direction he wants to go in.
@_date: 2014-06-08 14:06:40
Hardly. Cold wallets become vulnerable when you try to withdraw from them, the random number has to be generated by a computer in the first place, and they are vulnerable to physical theft or destruction.
@_date: 2014-04-25 17:07:15
Bitcoin is a rich mans game. You can't quit your job and take huge risks on an experimental project if you're a poor peasant in Africa or China.
The Islamic world *did* once dominate the world of high tech, back in medieval times. The word algebra is Arabic, literally Al-Jebr meaning "union of broken parts", the numeric digits we all use are Arabic and so on. Then the ultra-religious ideological guys got the upper hand and they stagnated ever since.
@_date: 2014-12-20 14:59:16
People keep making these comparisons but they don't work.
The big banks keep getting fined for, essentially, not doing "enough" to fight crime where enough is left undefined. It's very political. 
But nobody has caught the CEO of Citigroup writing emails like Charlie did saying "hey you're a drug dealer, that's cool, I'll help you out". In law intent matters a lot. Charlie Shrem knowingly and intentionally helped the Silk Road. The banks did not intend to help Mexican cartels but might have done anyway (probably pretty hard not to if you're operating in a place like Mexico). Part of the reason they weren't prosecuted is often the evidence they did anything clearly wrong is very weak and would be vaporised by a good defence lawyer. The evidence in this case was cut and dried.
@_date: 2014-01-18 18:31:17
Right. The existing crazy-high fees are an artifact of the hard coded fee sizes only. They don't reflect the actual hardware costs. Floating fees would theoretically help with this, except for the fact that the Bitcoin community is full of economically irrational actors who wildly overbid for block space currently.
@_date: 2014-08-27 17:21:59
Obvious enough that nobody spotted it despite the code being open for review for three months, despite Pieter, Gavin, Wladimir and yourself all examining it?
If Bitcoin is supposed to be robust because there's lots of time for review by plenty of people, and in your words "obvious" mistakes still get through, that implies the process needs work.
@_date: 2014-06-27 09:50:43
It takes only a single bit to mark an output as spent by a transaction that was dropped by your spam filter, which as pointed out can also drop transactions that are regular payments from people trying to double spend, so not really spam.
Plus those transactions will get mined eventually anyway. Your "DoS risk" is only equal to all the other miners.
@_date: 2014-09-02 08:46:46


I think there's been a misunderstanding. What I said was that the large mutate-every-tx-possible attack on the P2P network in February happened *after* Mt Gox blamed the technique, which had up to that point been very obscure. Whether Mt Gox was lying or not (seems likely they were) is irrelevant - they publicised that malleability existed and that led directly to someone trying it out on a large scale and the ensuing exchange shutdowns, etc.


Perhaps it may seem that way in relation to many others in the Bitcoin community, but I could as easily describe their statements around the inevitable take-over-the-world success of Bitcoin as excessive. At any rate, the reason I talk about this issue a lot is because people ask me about it a lot. Whenever I do a Q&amp;A session the first question I always get is "what are the biggest risks facing Bitcoin",  "what's the biggest problem you see" etc. It was this way in this interview too. 
@_date: 2014-05-04 19:15:19
I'm afraid there are quite a few things that could crash the price very low (close enough to zero that it makes little difference).
@_date: 2014-06-11 09:31:10
Why would protobufs vs JSON make any difference? There is example code in various languages available for building the requests, e.g. in PHP.
Would a command line tool to format requests help? 
@_date: 2014-05-27 14:20:25
You're totally right! And that's why the report says explicitly in the second paragraph that it's not a financial audit:
@_date: 2014-05-19 20:54:02
I run a node on Debian and it works OK. What's the Debian problem?
@_date: 2014-04-28 16:49:32
Hey Chris! 
I dunno what you used to make the apps but it'd be great to have you over on the bitcoinj list. It'd be cool to discuss this stuff in more detail.
Re: connectivity. I suggest you look at the Android C2DM push system. Although it's "centralised" in the sense that Google runs it, all it does is bounce data packets around so there's no privacy implications or otherwise. And it'll start your app up for you when it's time to authorize. You can push messages from desktop to mobile and back again quite easily, I think.
With respect to wallet integration. I recently posted design notes on how to build a framework for doing "married wallets" with bitcoinj:
Basically that lays out everything needed to build a plugin system for wallets so they can use second parties/factors to authenticate transactions. I know it looks like a big document but that's only because it goes into a lot of detail (down to the level of individual functions sometimes), so I hope it'd be easy to follow. Once that framework is in place individual wallet devs would be able to easily include a plugin for your framework, for server based frameworks, for the TREZOR, etc, and then all bitcoinj based wallets would be able to use them easily. There are quite a few of those these days.
On the other hand, if the next step for you is a simple custom GUI wallet, check out the WalletTemplate app in the bitcoinj git hdw-alpha branch. It gives you a simple GUI HD wallet that uses the P2P network, can connect via Tor, which shows QRcodes for addresses etc. Adapting it to your framework in a custom manner would not be too difficult.
Get in touch or hang out with us on irc  if you'd like to! Great work!
@_date: 2015-05-08 10:35:31
I cover capping the mempool in the last part of the article. Yes, it should be done. But only as a DoS protection. If actual legitimate users hit such a cap then Bitcoin will break and has failed   (obviously if Bitcoin "breaks" but only for an attacker, then nobody will care).
Of course Bitcoin can sustain free transactions - why not? It did in the beginning. I remember the days when all transactions were free. That said, those transactions aren't completely free though, they're just paying with coin age instead of bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-12-01 21:30:34
I'm not sure HSBC is innocent - as I pointed out already, post PATRIOT Act it's possible to violate AML laws without actually having a "guilty mind" (the mens rea clause). AML is like speeding law in that respect, except way less clearly defined.
American AML laws are in fact so vague, it's possible for HSBC to be both innocent in a common sense or moral way, whilst still being guilty of breaking the law. Imagine if we locked up policemen who failed to solve crimes, whilst simultaneously allowing them to evict anyone from their precinct without any reason or due process. You'd get mass evictions of anyone even slightly shady or who had some kind of perceived correlation with crime. That's sort of what's happening to Bitcoin in the banking world.
@_date: 2014-05-20 10:02:31
@_date: 2014-05-01 17:57:20
Dark Wallet does not use bloom filtering, prefix filtering or SPV validation so it's not relevant for them. They just have servers that index the whole chain.
This leads to an obvious question - who will pay for it and what will it cost? It's the same as the blockchain.info model and they pay for their costs with advertising. I didn't see any mention of advertising nor payment on the Dark Wallet website, so I guess for now they're using the IndieGogo money.
@_date: 2014-07-28 10:59:25
It's not my node. I guess your sense of what's obvious is a bit off ...
@_date: 2014-06-05 04:53:50
He accepted payment via Green Dot MoneyPak and Bitcoin, only. MoneyPak is a irreversible form of payment - not sure how he avoids their AML controls (assuming they have some). Maybe he didn't and that's how they found him. Bitcoin is .... Bitcoin. He wasn't taking money directly from bank accounts.
@_date: 2014-04-23 08:14:08
That used to be the case. If you use the modern toolkits it's not any more. For instance, here's a Mac skin that makes apps look indistinguishable from native:
The new Java versions have a totally new UI toolkit that's OpenGL accelerated, has a full animation framework, shader based effects etc. You can get very nice effects with it. 
@_date: 2015-05-07 12:09:17
Good question! Ask the guy who listed commit quantities above as a way to compare developers! :)
@_date: 2014-01-20 23:20:44
Reflash to the stock Android ROMs if you can. They are much better than the Samsung modified versions. But until then, you should be able to disable apps (that will make them disappear) from the apps management screen, even if you can't fully delete them - it amounts to almost the same thing.
@_date: 2014-05-18 21:13:00
Perhaps I should not use the term crowd funding. Could you re-read the blog post and mentally replace crowdfunding with assurance contract? The example I gave above *does* make sense if you see this financial primitive as more than just a way to build a new company without a bank loan. 
@_date: 2014-03-25 16:24:30
This is only an issue if you try and recursively embed Bitcoin inside itself (as indeed Mastercoin and Counterparty seem to be trying to do). Then ordering really matters but you can't use regular outputs for that anyway, as Bitcoin itself might arbitrarily re-order your transactions.
If all you want to do is track metadata about bond sales, for instance, then it's problematic if the extra data doesn't show up or can't be found, but all it means is you stop processing that branch until the data does show up, kind of like how Bitcoin keeps orphan transactions around for a while in the hope their parents show up
@_date: 2015-05-26 15:09:01
I analysed what happens here:
tl;dr Bitcoin will effectively crash (become extremely unstable) until enough users give up and leave to take away the transaction pressure.
One thing that won't happen is a smooth transition to a fee economy.
@_date: 2015-05-05 19:46:30
The "few users per day syncing a few weeks of data == 10 gigs of data per day" assumes 1mb blocks (3*3024mb). With today's traffic it'd be more like 4-5 gigabytes per day, as blocks are a little under half full. So the figure from your debug log suggests that my guess was pretty on the mark, actually. Your bandwidth usage suggests a few occasional users a day are syncing from you (or something that averages to that).
BTW I think I made it quite clear it's just a back of the envelope sketch, to get some ballpark figures.
@_date: 2015-05-26 16:43:18
People were complaining pretty loudly. As a wallet developer I saw it first hand, which is why I requested miners to bump up their soft limit and worked with pools to show them how to do it. Some didn't, of course, but capacity went up enough to eliminate the immediate crisis. Then we adjusted the soft limit upwards in future releases so miners who weren't paying attention would get it by default:
@_date: 2014-06-13 10:01:17
Why do you keep repeating this?
GHash routinely finds six blocks in a row now. They absolutely can double spend. And in fact, this assumes that the pool identification is reliable. Quite possibly they already dominate the chain and can rewrite the chain at will.
@_date: 2015-05-31 13:27:13
@_date: 2014-04-29 21:25:44
That aspect makes no difference. The same amount of data must still be downloaded from the same number of nodes.
The way headers first makes things better is by avoiding redundant re-downloading of blocks, which is a real problem with the current algorithm. bitcoind routinely gets into a stuck state in which it's downloading blocks from multiple peers simultaneously which results in enormous bandwidth suck. Headers first would fix that.
@_date: 2014-05-24 13:39:59
Banks do exactly the same thing. So far people didn't abandon the dollar or the euro.
@_date: 2015-05-06 17:27:24
You've said incorrect things twice now about China and what they do with the Great Firewall. "You really should do some more research on anti-censorship technology before commenting further on the topic."
@_date: 2014-08-24 11:11:25
You can get some here: 
@_date: 2014-09-06 18:28:55
Where to even begin?
The first sentence is ironic. As is often the case, Todd is wrong here because he's attempting to make a nice argument that isn't derived from observations of reality or practical experience, but rather what he thinks will play best to the crowd.
Peter asks us to believe that Bitcoin can be, in fact should be, a currency that is worse than conventional currencies in all ways except privacy. But such a path leads to only one place - widespread bans and crackdowns. To back this up, here are some observations of reality; currencies that tried what Peter advocates we try right now:
- eGold. Founders indicted and imprisoned.
- Liberty Reserve dollars. Founders indicted, most likely to be imprisoned.
- PayPal. Started out as a strongly libertarian Bitcoin-like payment system:


Now very much a part of the establishment.
I could go on, there are others, but I think these three serve to illustrate the purpose. A system that markets itself as "the same as other things, but with better privacy" appeals to a small niche of mainstream users who are unusually privacy conscious, and *all* criminals. It's easy for a legitimate service with the best intentions to be quickly overwhelmed by this. 
Via analogy with spam filtering, anyone dumb enough to operate an open mail proxy with no abuse controls gets globally blacklisted very quickly, as it attracts spammers like a magnet. It's just not workable. This is not due to government intervention - it's a free market response to abuse of public infrastructure.
I do not believe Bitcoin has a future as being "worse than everything else but with better privacy". That's a future that results in the existing companies that are pushing Bitcoin into ordinary everyday lives leaving, only the Silk Road remaining, and either explicit bans or disappearance into obscurity following shortly after. The outcome is useless both to people who care a lot about privacy and people who don't. Being decentralised helps a bit but widespread suppression is still possible. For example cars are decentralised but it's still possible to enforce speeding laws, despite the absence of any central authority that can prevent cars from speeding.
Satoshi's white paper starts with an unashamedly mainstream viewpoint. It complains about the high overheads of the banking system, the lack of micropayments. There's no shame in wanting to build something better than what we have now, in all respects, whilst recognising that tweaking one knob here can have problematic effects over there.
@_date: 2014-06-13 10:36:48
GHash.io has already been found to be double spending. So are you going to move now?
@_date: 2014-04-23 08:19:22
Web browsers also fit that description.
Anyway, you should be aware that Java apps *you choose to install* are more secure than their C/C++ equivalents especially when dealing with complicated network traffic, because there are no opportunities for buffer overflows, heap overflows, memory management problems etc that routinely introduce remotely exploitable vulnerabilities into other apps. The security issues with Java start when you are automatically downloading and running code from malicious authors, which web browsers suffer from a lot too (go look at Chrome's security release info).
Also modern Java apps are not that slow. I used to think that too, but it turned out lots changed in the last 10 years. They start as fast as regular apps do now and runtime performance can be nearly as good. The biggest problem is the large runtime download. There are ways to avoid that too using light VMs like Avian, or by chopping unused code out of the regular JVM, but it does take some work.
@_date: 2015-05-06 16:00:18
obfsproxy is not successful by any reasonable measure.
Let's get real about Tor for a second. Tor is by no means the most popular way of evading government censorship, it's not even close. I know this because when I worked on the Google login system I saw lots of users trying to evade censorship in their host countries and I saw which services they were using (in aggregate). Public VPN services are dramatically - and I mean dramatically - more popular than Tor.
To give one recent example, Turkey is fond of banning websites that contain things which are considered insulting to Turkey. In one of these events in 2013, just one VPN product (HotSpot Shield) picked up 120,000 new users in a single day:
Last month it happened again:


How did Tor do in the same event? Here are the graphs:
The answer is that Tor added about 2,500 users during the same event. HotSpot Shield added over 40x more users in **two hours** than Tor added *in total*.
Tor is very easily blocked by governments, and finding bridges and obfsproxies is even more nerdy than Tor already is. Additionally VPNs work with every app and don't impose the same kind of latency hit Tor does.
So Gavin is completely correct:  miners in oppressive countries are not going to be shovelling huge amounts of data through Tor any time soon, when they could just use SSL or a corporate-style VPN to a private server in the west. It's more reliable and much lower latency to do things this way, using Tor makes no technical sense: not for end users, nor for miners.
@_date: 2014-07-16 15:11:22
There are a bunch of cases where it makes sense to use this.
@_date: 2014-04-16 11:32:00
That argument would be wrong. You can't simply pay the bank to reverse any arbitrary transaction. Chargebacks are really just mediated disputes, and in about 40% of them the merchant wins. What's more if a bank customer does more chargebacks than normal they'll be examined closely and possibly lose their credit card/have their account closed, so there's a limit to how much abuse you can generate. And finally EMV (Chip/PIN) payments, i.e. in person payments, virtually never get reversed. None of those things are true with double-spends as a service.
@_date: 2014-04-23 17:41:25
I don't think you can easily be tricked into accepting double spends, though there are cases like Eligius where they deliberately drop transactions other pools accept without checking for double spends. They can be turned into a way to double spend/Finney attack even though that's not really their intention. But it can also be easily fixed (they can refuse to include a tx but still keep it around for conflict checking).
I don't really see it as entrapment. It's not like anyone is forced to engage in malicious double spending.
@_date: 2015-05-08 09:18:24
Nodes do not re-download transactions from other nodes when they start up.
They could do. It's literally a one line addition to the code. However, it hasn't been done because this crash-and-clear behaviour is the current "fix" for being overloaded.
@_date: 2014-05-29 11:22:38
Yes it's coming along. I'll probably merge the code into master soon. The interaction with Bloom filtering is complicated and will take some more work.
@_date: 2014-06-13 10:00:18
You are doing it wrong.
The purpose of p2pool is that you run your own Bitcoin Core. This is what decentralises the network. Not merely hashing on p2pool but *running your own node*.
If you treat p2pool like any other centralised pool, then you end up just delegating your vote to whoever runs the open p2pool server, it's not much different to delegating to GHash.
It seems we have a serious problem with knowledge transmission in the miner community. It is not difficult to run Bitcoin Core, it's certainly much cheaper than buying ASICs. Yet, the number of people who do is tiny.
@_date: 2014-07-10 18:20:41
They publish a blog which covers much of this.
@_date: 2015-05-27 09:58:11


There's no way to make it behave deterministically, all you can do is move the non-determinism around a bit and try to avoid nodes from crashing.
@_date: 2014-05-01 21:20:57
It says on their web page there is no prefix filtering:
Missing features:
* SPV checking of history or otherwise
* Obfuscating address history through bloom or prefix queries.
There's no evidence node count is dropping because of CPU load, which is what we'd expect to see if we were hitting the limits on Bloom filtering. What people complain about is bandwidth. We need to fix Bitcoin Core so it's not doing any redundant downloading which I suspect is still a problem. Collecting stats on aborted downloads might also be interesting. My gut feeling is nodes are pumping out far more data than is being converted into stable full nodes.
But yes long term Bloom will stop scaling. In theory if BIP70 is used for everything it's not needed any more. In practice it'll take a long time to get there, if ever.
@_date: 2015-05-05 21:37:25
I wrote that because in the reddit post asking why people shut down their nodes, excessive or uncontrollable bandwidth usage was a frequently cited problem. Especially, people who would upload data from home don't because it interferes with other applications. So that's a theory based on what people are telling us.
@_date: 2014-05-27 20:17:56
As it says in the report, this does not claim to be an audit.
@_date: 2015-05-05 16:19:50
The resource cost of running a pruning full node that doesn't serve the chain is trivial. We're talking about megabytes here in an era where people routinely watch online video from their smartphones. That's why Satoshi was so blas about scaling things up.
Judging from complaints on reddit the current problem we face is not the resources needed to audit the block chain, but just the bandwidth cost of serving it. The block chain is a big file and right now serving it is being handled by volunteers.
There are many possible fixes for this, of which incentivisation is only one. I hope that with good enough optimisation, there won't be much need for additional monetary incentives, at least not for a while. 
But if there is a need, well, as it happens I already wrote a program that uses (micro)payment channels to pay per kilobyte of data downloaded from a file server, with exactly this sort of use case in mind:
The app was more a fun experiment and demo than a real thing, so I never rolled it into an end user download. Doing so would be straightforward. Of course for incentivising serving the chain it makes more sense to integrate it with a full node like Core or XT, but as the payment channel code is written in Java I doubt Core would accept it. I'd consider bundling it with XT though.
This is by far not the lowest hanging fruit for raising the number of full nodes though. Better bandwidth controls would seem to address the current top complaints.
@_date: 2014-05-07 12:49:06
Creating a payment network is a lot of difficult work. Even if/when Russia succeeds in doing this, Russians who want to travel abroad and use electronic payment will be out of luck - most merchants outside Russia won't want to pay for equipment and service fees to handle a payment platform that hardly any of their customers use.
Russia *should* get behind Bitcoin, but right now the most obvious and politically acceptable solution for them is a nationalist one. Once Russians start feeling the pain of having problems making and receiving payments internationally, Bitcoin will surface as one of the only solutions.
BTW, I agree 100% with Jon's article. Also please read the linked article about FATCA. The USA has large trade links with Russia and is willing to start a financial nuclear war via FATCA, a law that was passed (supposedly) to find Americans living in America stashing money in foreign accounts. In practice it's being used immediately as a tool to interfere in the politics of volatile foreign nations.
@_date: 2015-05-08 10:18:57


Run out of sockets, most likely.
@_date: 2015-05-06 17:25:30
Hardly - the market has spoken and it prefers VPNs by a large margin in almost every territory. Even China has been easier on VPNs than on Tor because blocking Tor has no economic impact, whereas blocking VPNs does.
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:49:59
I'm disappointed in your response Matt.
The purpose of a DNS seed is to return a list of peers so a new node can find the P2P network and connect.
bitseed.xf2.org returns the same 13 IPs it did several years ago. Of those 13, 12 are dead. From the DNS seed policy document:


Note "nodes", plural. Jeff's seed fails the DNS seed policy and has been for a long time. It *does not work*.
The seed that *was* removed met every requirement in the policy. Your assertion that it was "actively attacking the network" is ridiculous. Gregory Maxwell decided one day he didn't like the crawl speed (there is nothing about this in the written policy document) and instead of simply asking the owner to slow it down, removed a fully working seed from the list. This happened _after_ Addy noticed the kerfuffle and adjusted his code to suit, but the change went ahead anyway, despite the fact that it achieved nothing beyond reducing the robustness of Bitcoin Core for everyone.
I'm afraid this neatly sums up what has gone so badly wrong with Bitcoin Core development. I point out a matter of fact - there is a seed in the list that does not work. Instead of fixing the problem you came up with some vaguely intellectual sounding retroactive justification for why being broken is good, and then manage to insult a community member who provides valuable network monitoring services. Meanwhile Core still has a broken seed and Addy's crawler is still crawling, so this entire fiasco achieved exactly nothing.
What is going on here Matt? Do you really think this is how to build a successful project?
@_date: 2014-04-23 14:59:18
I disagree it's a minor issue. I think it's a very large issue. 
Collusion among miners is already a problem that Bitcoin faces and has done since day one, it's called out in the white paper even.
I believe I do understand the implications, but the reason I started this discussion is to test that belief.
@_date: 2015-05-05 19:33:59
There is work afoot to start doing cobuilding of the Java SPV wallets, perhaps this summer. Lighthouse has a threshold online update system but right now I'm the only signer.
However, deterministic builds matter much less for apps that run on the JVM. The reason is that anyone who is capable of understanding and checking the signatures on a binary using PGP is also capable of typing
    "mvn package"
and compiling the entire app themselves. Java compiles dramatically faster than C++ so it's feasible to build an entire wallet app in about 10-20 seconds. You only need two programs (the JDK and Maven), and then you're done. You can also easily keep up to date.
Helpfully, Java builds are deterministic by default once you unzip the JAR (a JAR is just a zip of class files). So if you do want to compare your build against the pre-canned build you can just use unzip and "diff -ur". It's much less complicated than gitian.


Any wallet based on bitcoinj will use a local Core node if one is found, so then you get full mode security. You can just run the full node in the background.


Lost assuming a malicious counterparty. It's because of how the payment channel protocol works. If the channel times out then you get to use your pre-prepared locktimed transaction that sends all the money back to yourself. The counterparty thus gets no money, although they presumably already provided some goods or services.


No. That has not seemed to be necessary so far. It requires CPFP anyway.
@_date: 2014-01-20 23:18:30
What features do you guys most appreciate about Mycelium (vs the Schildbach wallet)?
@_date: 2014-05-23 06:38:44
I did not say that at all. Sigh.
I said I thought (old) Ripple seemed more  revolutionary than Bitcoin, which seemed to be ultimately "just" digital cash. I thought the end game scenario for Bitcoin would be that people just put their coins back into a bank so they can earn interest, you get fractional reserve banking again and we end up back at square one.
At the time it was impossible to imagine either system being a winner.
And yes I decided to leave Google. I was not fired, far from it.
@_date: 2015-05-08 10:45:43


He put CHECKMULTISIG in the protocol from day one. Of course he envisioned multisig!
@_date: 2015-05-31 13:24:58
No. I did propose and do an implementation of using LevelDB instead of bdb, and then Pieter rolled that work into his own ultraprune work as they were operating in the same areas of code at once.
BDB was just broken. It was possible for nodes to make different decisions about a block based on basically random factors like how the hard disk files were laid out. LevelDB is a much better codebase: not only massively faster but also better written and more robust.
The fork was between old BDB nodes that got confused by a (supposed to be) valid block, and LevelDB that wasn't.
From what I recall it was Gavin who sorted things out, mostly. He wrote some code to simulate the BDB locks issue and that allowed a roll forward to LevelDB whilst temporarily rejecting blocks that BDB would have potentially rejected. But my memory is a little hazy about this part.
@_date: 2014-04-23 13:18:02
You cannot Finney attack a miner by definition. A Finney attack is something miners do. The rest of your post makes about as much sense: majorities of miners can already take other miners funds at no cost. It only costs them if they turn out to not actually be a majority. If they win the race and get to replace the longest chain with a new one where they mined the majority of blocks, they get to claim all the new money and fees instead of them being distributed over the losing side.
@_date: 2014-10-26 12:24:54
bitcoinj uses RFC6967 since 0.12, however, so far I think only Bitcoin Wallet for Android has upgraded.
@_date: 2014-04-23 12:18:16
Why don't you just read the email I sent? It's linked to from the original post, but here is the link again:
@_date: 2014-07-20 17:14:35
Anyone can extend it. There's no central coordination needed beyond reserving numbers so different extensions don't conflict.
@_date: 2015-05-27 20:06:01
Why you think the PKI sucks but can't do any better:
@_date: 2015-05-06 17:29:34
They might just want you to go away, without the PR hit of writing you a letter saying "we don't want to allow people to run hidden services at home".
@_date: 2014-08-16 20:28:53
The idea that Japan has low growth exclusively because of deflation is rather silly: they have multiple economic problems that could contribute to that.
@_date: 2015-05-28 10:45:33
They haven't open sourced everything and are still working on it. Hence my suggestion to buy them.
@_date: 2015-05-08 09:31:09
Yes, in theory they can. However attackers have much cheaper and more efficient ways to attack the Bitcoin network than flooding it with genuine transactions and paying a fee each time.
Overload requires a lot of transactions, even today.
@_date: 2014-03-31 09:06:38
Because nobody uses them, not because it's impossible to distinguish them.
@_date: 2015-05-06 17:32:08
Sigh. Just a few posts above this one you said:


You can't call a statement a strawman when you yourself have just said it. That's the opposite of a strawman. Russia is perfectly capable of banning Bitcoin if they want and are in the process of doing so right now.
@_date: 2015-05-05 18:53:56
Yep, sorry. Didn't spot them when proofreading. It's fixed now.
@_date: 2015-05-28 10:44:52
CT uses a somewhat block-chain like structure already, but without the mining. 
@_date: 2015-05-05 16:13:07
Well, nodes will happily serve the chain to peers as fast as they can shovel the bits over the wire. If someone who hasn't started their wallet for a few weeks does so and picks your node to download the block data from, you can easily serve three gigabytes of data just to them, with 1mb blocks (144 blocks per day * 1mb * 21 days = 3024mb). As we're more like half of that right now call it 1.5 gigabytes instead.
If that happens a few times per day, you're serving maybe 10 gigabytes of data per day. And it can happen even if you set -maxconnections=1. 
A $10/month Digital Ocean plan gives you 2 TB / month of transfer, which is about 66 gigabytes of transfer per day. So all you need is for 44 occasional users per day to start their wallet and pick you to download from, and you've used up your transfer quota.
The parallel downloading in the latest version doesn't change anything of course, as the same number of users need the same amount of data.


To get 600 million users? Usability ;)
For reducing the pain of running full nodes today? Performance isn't even the issue, bandwidth control is. So ... let the user specify that they want to transfer no more than 1.8 TB/month and then have the node start/stop serving the chain in order to stay under quota. That's easy. Then adjust the protocol so a node can be forced to stream data at less than a certain speed, and make the GUI version of the app set it to a bit less than typical western ADSL upload speeds, to avoid the problem of home users dropping out because chain upload kills their internet connection. Then make it observe TCP packet loss on the upload and throttle itself if there's a sudden spike in packet loss, so if a user starts up Netflix their node will automatically kick chain downloaders off onto other peers.
Probably BitTorrent already has all this figured out. It might not make sense to keep the existing chain download protocol now headers-first makes it easy to figure out what to download in advance.
Then if that's not enough, there is potential for integrated network engineering. And so on.
There's lots of very low hanging fruit that can be done here. The problem doesn't seem to be that people lack resources, but rather that Core doesn't have good controls for utilising them well.
@_date: 2014-12-01 21:33:36
*These organizations are remarkably at "knowing their customers", particularly those brining in $billions to the bank. Lack of complicity is somewhat hard to imagine in this scenario.*
Your assertion is that identifying cartel members is so easy, even bankers without any real powers of investigation can do it.
If that's true, why are cartels still a problem in Mexico? Why don't the Mexican government just go grab all the banks records and use them to go round up the cartel members?
Maybe the cartels are better at hiding the sources of their money than you give them credit for?
@_date: 2015-05-05 15:31:11
SPV nodes use the most-work chain. If the majority of mining hash power has switched to a different rule set, SPV wallets will too.
@_date: 2015-05-28 10:41:11
OK, thanks for the reply. I'm not sure they really are so different, but I guess we'll see what comes out of the independent efforts!
@_date: 2015-05-05 19:54:05


That's true, but having a system that is fully decentralised but has no users is also useless. 
I think the key philosophical difference here can be summed up as, is decentralisation an end, or a means to an end?
In my view and I guess Gavin's, it's a means to an end. Bitcoin is meant to be a better form of money than what we have now and it's meant to be useful to as many people as possible. The decentralisation is a merely an important mechanism used to achieve that. As the utility of a currency is O( participants^2 ) increasing usage is critical. Bitcoin in 2009 was perfectly decentralised: anyone could mine with their CPU and everyone was a full node. But it only had 10 users. Not useful. Modern Bitcoin is less decentralised, but seems to have millions of users. Much more useful.
So we'll see Bitcoin slide around the decentralisation spectrum over time as work gets done, features get added, competitors spring up. It will never be as decentralised as it used to be, because Satoshi kicked the project off with perfect decentralisation and lousy everything else. It wasn't sustainable to be like that.
@_date: 2015-05-07 12:14:46
Indeed it does - but what about the people who prefer Bitcoin's tradeoff? 
If both are allowed to expand to meet demand, no problem. Each to their own.
If Bitcoin is artificially throttled, then people who would prefer to use Bitcoin but can't will be forced out into some other system. Probably not a hypothetical network that doesn't yet exist, but rather, tried and true solutions like banking. That would be a pity.
@_date: 2015-05-05 14:10:03
To put things in perspective, WhatsApp is able to handle routing a million messages a second for 600 million users with about 800 servers.
Anyway, the problem causing the fall in full nodes appears to be excessive bandwidth usage rather than actual block size. As the steady state bandwidth usage to run a node is very low, that implies the bandwidth must be being soaked up by something else - perhaps there are lots of people downloading the chain at home and then never uploading it again, kind of like torrent leaches.
There are lots of "plans" to fix this issue. There should be ways to let nodes throttle their bandwidth usage, for example. The problem is anyone can make a plan. What we lack are not plans, but implementations. Talk is cheap, code is not.
@_date: 2015-05-27 22:48:26
@_date: 2015-05-05 21:16:09
Yes, but that model is wrong. We're seeing number of transactions go up and number of nodes go down. There's no reason to believe these two variables are related, and total work is every transaction being checked by every node, thus O(nm).
@_date: 2015-05-06 16:20:12
I wouldn't define success as "someone Peter Todd knows uses it". I'd define success as - is it being used by lots of people? And the answer is no.
There's really no reason at all to use Tor for this use case. Just use SSL to some remote private server that isn't being advertised as an open proxy. Make the government block all SSL and thus big chunks of the web if they want to block your traffic - done.
Of all the arguments against growing Bitcoin, "governments might care if it got popular" is one of the weakest.
@_date: 2015-05-31 13:16:34


I love this assumption that large software systems of arbitrary complexity just appear overnight because someone thought it'd be neat to have one.
The market factors that make Bitcoin attractive were in place for years or even decades before Bitcoin was created. High credit card fees and other such problems didn't magically make Bitcoin appear immediately.
This assumption, that if you try and strangle Bitcoin a vaguely defined group of developers will build some sky castle just in time, is very dangerous.
@_date: 2015-05-07 20:06:06


Actually, Satoshi put Gavin in charge before he left.
@_date: 2015-05-26 16:41:22
Hi Luke,


That's not a date that can be encoded into the software.
Did you see my thoughts on implementing Lightning?
Do you disagree with something in the article? I have direct experience of working with micropayment channels, moreso than most people in this debate, and I don't think Lightning or Strm will be the solution we need.


That's not a number that can be put into the software.


Do you agree that Gavin's change is the simplest viable change?
Did you see my analysis of what could happen if we run out of capacity?
If so, which part do you disagree with, as I believe we are rapidly approaching an emergency scenario and have explained why.
@_date: 2015-05-05 19:42:49
By "winter" I really mean "end of the summer" because that's when I expect traffic to start growing past the limit again .... though you're right, Autumn 2016 would be a better way to phrase it. I'll try again.
@_date: 2015-05-29 10:59:57
/dev/urandom is not known to be busted on any Android device.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:24:54
It's quite clearly the work of someone who knew exactly what he was doing, but wasn't applying industrial best practices to his own work. I'm sure we've all done that, even those of us who spent years in industry.
Also it's easy to forget, but Satoshi did not write the Bitcoin code in order to actually build a functioning economy on it, he wrote it to prove to himself that his idea actually worked.
@_date: 2015-05-05 20:14:11


They would need to indicate aggregate bytes served to each peer. How do you make Core print this to the logs?


It's still wrong unless you assume each person who runs a full node only makes one transaction. They are just completely different variables.
@_date: 2015-05-28 10:43:35
Many countries fund political parties out of taxation and cap political spending, so they are less dependent on raising huge campaign funds.
@_date: 2015-05-31 13:07:37
I wasted far too much time last year arguing about getutxos - go read the github threads if you would like to relive that debate. Suffice it to say Wladimir did not, in fact, reject the patch. He eventually agreed that the arguments made sense and committed it. Then he reversed his decision on the grounds that "it's a shitstorm" and he didn't want to deal with the drama anymore. Afterwards he said he doubted anyone would try and change the protocol now I'd been "chased out of town with pitchforks".
That's not a technical reason, that speaks to the bullying-based decision making process Bitcoin Core uses.
The DNS seed policy document doesn't even mention crawlers. The real reason it was removed is that Gregory just decided he didn't like it one day. As evidenced by the fact that Addy was never contacted about this supposed problem, and when he adjusted the crawl speed it made no difference to the decision.
You didn't argue my last point either: you *do* understand why Bitcoin Core looks more and more dysfunctional every day, don't you? Arbitrary decision making, non-existent decision making, clique-based decision making and so on. This block size drama has been a long time coming.
@_date: 2015-05-27 20:03:55
They're effectively the same idea, except StrawPay is largely implemented already (but, I think, not completely open source). They differ in a few minor details but IMO not enough to justify making two systems that are 90% the same. That would just result in people clicking "Pay" and it not working, which helps nobody.
Not that I think these networks have any relevancy to the scaling debate.
@_date: 2016-01-02 13:13:42
CreateNewBlock is notoriously slow for bad reasons (it does some very expensive things to check for very rare edge cases). It can certainly be optimised.
Assuming well optimised software, the bottleneck on a high traffic node is almost entirely UTXO lookup and signature verification.
@_date: 2015-05-05 21:16:17
Northern hemisphere.
@_date: 2015-05-29 11:11:11
Yes, this isn't a problem with "left" or "right" (the distinction is disappearing anyway with the final collapse of left wing economics). This exchange in Parliament should make it clear:


From 
There's a cultural gap where politicians have become incapable of believing they or their governments are capable of abuse.
@_date: 2015-05-29 15:04:59
Short of some last minute change of heart by Wladimir and the other committers, it looks like Bitcoin XT may soon become more important.
I am looking for someone to help develop a website and logo for it. If you're interested please hop onto the mailing list and let me know:
Or you can just email me: hearn
If things go ahead and running XT becomes the way to express an opt-in to larger blocks, I will also be looking for volunteers to help co-build the binaries with gitian. 
Finally I am looking for anyone who has experience with managing patchsets in git. My current workflow of one-branch-per-feature plus one-branch-per-release is fiddly and fragile. I plan to reorganise things at some point. Suggestions for better approaches are welcome.
@_date: 2015-05-05 19:10:18
Hi Luke,
Agree on the Satoshi anecdote. Sadly people who think the 1mb limit is part of the social contract do seem to exist, the first paragraphs were for them. It's not especially important nowadays.
Re: privacy/security/usability of SPV wallets, etc. Maybe at some point someone will make a Bitcoin-Qt style user interface with an SPV backend, or Jonas will finish reworking the existing code to support this mode of operation. Satoshi did talk about SPV wallets downloading transactions like a mailbox:


... so he imagined something a bit more like Electrum than what we actually have in the protocol today. No mention of fancy privacy protocols. He went on to say he had changed his mind and wallets should just download full blocks, but that stopped being practical a long time ago - at least for users who aren't willing to wait (nearly all of them).
One project I keep thinking about quickly prototyping is an SPV wallet with a Bitcoin-Qt style user interface, and which either downloads full blocks or has an incredibly high false positive rate on the Bloom filters. Like, high enough that you download half of every block or something. The performance would suck of course, but you'd win back some wire privacy by brute force and if you have a really fast internet connection and are on a fast laptop not a phone, it would still be less painful than running Core. This might address your requirements. Though I'm not sure what you mean by security. MultiBit HD for example supports the TREZOR, which is more than Bitcoin-Qt does.


The issue is that when the channel times out, one side or the other loses the money that was sent on it because the last negotiated state has been lost. It's not just an inconvenience, it results in monetary loss as well.


Only if you are willing to lock up multiples of the money you are wanting to spend. If you have X coins and wish to spend them all, splitting payment paths doesn't help you, as downtime would still cause you to lose access to a third of the funds until the channels time out or the node comes back online.


Bitcoin Wallet for Android does have a check box to let you attach a higher fee, though I think only power users care about it. Regardless, I don't believe such a market will suddenly happen even if we run out of capacity. But as the end of the article says, I'll talk about what I expect to happen in that case another time.


Some code exists, Java/bitcoinj only so it wouldn't work with your preferred choice of wallet. The network itself does not exist, as far as I'm aware. There are no hubs or nodes, and no merchants that accept payment this way, and other than their custom fork of MultiBit HD, there are no wallets that support it either.
Integrating all this across the ecosystem is a large project. Look how slowly multi-sig protected coins are rolling out. It would take years.
@_date: 2015-01-09 13:27:08
I'm sure you know this, but in the past when such things started happening it was because phished/hacked bank accounts were being cashed out via bitcoin sellers.
If you aren't verifying the IDs of your customers effectively enough, then this can start happening, and from the banks perspective blocking or confirming such transactions via phone is a no brainer - legit traffic to the exchange is rapidly overwhelmed by fraudulent transfers so a complete block is the simplest solution. And often the actual cause doesn't really filter through properly from the security department to front line customer support, hence the silence and mixed messages.
I'd suggest double checking your ID verification procedures to ensure you can't be tricked by someone using a hacked bank account.
@_date: 2015-01-08 20:45:23
I'm hoping that will integrate libsecp256k1 into the TREZOR firmware at some point, assuming that there are no technical stumbling blocks. Exactly for this kind of reason.
@_date: 2015-01-20 14:32:18
Yup, that's largely it.
Doing Lighthouse as a web based thing means one of two approaches:
1) Running hot/cold wallets, taking deposits, allowing withdrawals and basically being a Bitcoin bank. I do not want to hold people's coin on deposit for reasons that should be obvious, and nor should anyone else if they can at all avoid it!
2) Trying to implement the same approach as Lighthouse technically, but all in Javascript. In practice this is painful, and hard to secure. If anyone compromises the server they can send any Javascript to the client they like, and start stealing people's keys. The Lighthouse online update mechanism supports multisig and hopefully soon the TREZOR. Also you need powerful and expensive servers to do this, plus you need to be always on call in case there's an outage and people's money is stranded. I spent years being on-call for Google Maps/Earth and I don't want to do it again. Lighthouse uses the p2p network. This has pros and cons, but over the past few years of SPV/lightweight wallets there haven't been any total outages (yet).
Finally Lighthouse is a tool, not a service. One day I will move on from Bitcoin and I don't want Lighthouse to suddenly stop working because of that. If it was web based, that's pretty much what would happen. Though avoiding the web might seem strange and old fashioned, by doing it that goal is achieved - it doesn't rely on my servers for much beyond auto update checks.
@_date: 2015-01-22 13:40:32
As far as I can tell this IS a trezor, literally. The "bwallet-mcu" github repo is just the TREZOR firmware.
@_date: 2015-05-06 16:04:16
No. What he says is that the bigger a system is, the easier it is for governments to find it and crack down on it (and the more they will care). That's a general thing that affects all information systems.
Bitcoin cannot survive in countries where the government wants to suppress it and is also competent/well resourced. Bitcoin is *money*. That means you need to *advertise that you accept it*, otherwise, nobody will know they can spend it at you shop. If you are advertising that you accept Bitcoin to regular people, you are advertising it to the government as well, and they can simply crack down on that as much as they like .... along with the usual roster of banking controls and so on.
The notion that Bitcoin will liberate the Chinese from oppression if only we keep 1mb blocks is some strange fantasy. Sure, the government there would crack down on it much less - but only because it matters less.
@_date: 2015-01-13 12:46:59
It's not quite that extreme.
The police effectively have to prove that you do actually know the password and are lying about it, for example, if they can show you typed it in the day before you are arrested and asked for the password, they can probably convince a judge that on the balance of probability you did not forget the password in that 24 hour span. If it was three years ago and you said you forgot, then it wouldn't pass the threshold.
Yes, it's still a pretty draconian law.
@_date: 2015-01-07 16:21:21
Do you have any evidence Roger is a criminal tax evader, or did you just make that up? The huge cheque he posted suggests he has paid rather a lot of tax!
I think what you're getting at is he chose to stop paying taxes *in future* to the USA. That is both entirely legal and moral, despite America's constant attempts to make it not so.
@_date: 2015-01-31 17:57:11
Storage for nodes in future will most likely be selectable by the user who runs the node. You'd just delete old blocks to free up enough space. Not every node needs to store every block.
@_date: 2015-05-27 09:56:55


Well, yes, that's what this whole debate is about! Gavin and I think we're starting to hit issues now and that a few weeks (!) is way too short to schedule a hard fork. By the time the code is written, checked in, released, and people start upgrading, the issues we're seeing now will get worse.


I think you're assuming infinite demand for transactions. We don't see that in practice.
If block chain capacity is greater than demand for it, there is no problem and thus nothing to fix.


I didn't forget, I didn't talk about it because I don't think it will happen. Moreover, if it did, that wouldn't be Bitcoin any more!
@_date: 2015-01-21 16:08:32
Sorry, that was a bug. It's fixed now.
@_date: 2015-01-31 17:49:14
Bear in mind you can use bitcoinj from both Javascript and Python 2.x (and it's full verification mode, though I must note here that mode is unfinished).
So even if you want to write your apps in JS, you can do that without reimplementing everything from scratch, there are examples and tutorials:
@_date: 2015-01-29 12:19:02
Pretty much Samsung were given a business for free yes, unless you believe Tizen had a chance. I doubt they would have much of a smartphone business today without it.
Google already decided to close Android once, during the Honeycomb cycle. Android being open source is a business move and little more.
@_date: 2015-01-20 14:06:53
Lighthouse is effectively a word processor for finance. It doesn't upload everything you do to us anymore than Microsoft Word does - you can create a project, distribute it, collect money for it etc and Vinumeris GmbH will never know.
One exception is if you'd like to use the Lighthouse project server we run. Servers coordinate collection of pledges (but can't spend/steal them, note), and as noted in the FAQ, you must submit the project to your chosen server operator via email. Projects that are illegal or obviously scams won't be accepted. You can still use Lighthouse but you would have to run your own server or use the "serverless mode" and do it all yourself. Whatever route you choose, you still have to distribute the project file in some way, i.e. via a website, and at that point finding you is the same process as for any website owner. So if you're doing something illegal it's no different to if you were using Bitcoin without Lighthouse on a regular website.
With respect to tax, it's again the same as using any Bitcoin wallet. You're responsible for complying with tax rules in your jurisdiction.
@_date: 2015-01-05 21:36:02


Actually, I didn't, for this exact reason. The report I wrote spelled at right at the start that it was NOT a financial audit. The fact that CoinDesk ignored that and reported it as an audit anyway was a source of some annoyance for me, but not much I can do about that.
But anyway, I don't think asking people to put their personal reputations on the altar is a good way to improve exchange security. Even if I had done what you think I did, it'd have been nearly a year ago and all sorts of things could have changed in that time frame. The community needs technical solutions. But most of all, what Bitcoin needs is for people to stop holding large sums of money on deposit with third parties.
@_date: 2015-01-27 11:21:32
There are Bitcoin ATMs in Switzerland now. But yes it sucks.
@_date: 2015-05-29 11:28:09
@_date: 2015-01-21 23:45:38
I pledged!
@_date: 2015-01-20 12:34:01
Just to clear this up, I'm not magically getting paid to work on Bitcoin stuff now. There are two things launching today:
1. The Lighthouse app. Anyone can use this for whatever.
2. The "Vinumeris Crypto Projects Gallery": 
The project gallery is a list of things that might be useful, broken up into bite sized chunks. People can express their interest in each project by just filling out a web form. It's pretty low tech. The idea is, if projects get lots of promised funds, someone (maybe me, maybe a subcontractor) will implement them and then we run a real Lighthouse/BTC crowdfund to actually get paid.
At least that's the theory. We shall see what really happens. I probably won't spend all my time on these sorts of projects, I'm already doing a mix of different things. If there are more funded projects than I can manage by myself I'll be looking for developers who are qualified to take them on and are willing to work with me on delivering them.
@_date: 2015-01-15 12:18:45
It will be very interesting to see what happens now. My friends are all freaking out this morning. Some of them work for large, stable Swiss companies but are now afraid of layoffs. Currencies can move in value much faster than economies can restructure. 
If Switzerland ends up being a primarily import oriented economy then it would end up being less attractive to investors, and could suffer a shock when other economies pick back up again and the CHF falls. Going export/import/export would require flexibility in the economy that might not exist.
@_date: 2015-01-07 22:41:41
OK. Well, it's too late to change the UI for beta now, so I hope people find it easy to understand. I don't think it's too bad but then I'm a geek ... :)
@_date: 2015-05-26 18:25:10
The change to the code was for miners that just were ignoring the issue or didn't know about it. It's just a default so miners who disagreed could always just reset it back to the old level (and occasionally some miners did, but most didn't).
@_date: 2015-01-21 16:13:27
If you're interested in smart contracts, please see this FAQ for an explanation:
The SIGHASH_ANYONECANPAY feature hasn't really been used until now, so blockchain.info doesn't have any special rendering for it. I hope Ben will fix that because otherwise you can't tell that this transaction is special.
@_date: 2015-01-15 16:11:47
In an export dominated economy, exporters are not "a much smaller group of society", that's the issue.
When you balance it out, in theory these sorts of FX movements are net neutral. The issue is speed of change rather than the change itself.
@_date: 2015-01-07 16:19:51
Not being a US citizen means you have to fill out a visa, if your country is not a part of the VWP. That doesn't mean the US has to deny you. The cited reason for denial seems absurd to me.


Most extradition treaties require that the activity in question be a crime in that country. I don't know of any countries that require you by law to pay taxes to a foreign country, so this would not meet the requirements for extradition under a plain reading of the treaties.
@_date: 2015-01-07 13:13:32
Citizenship based taxation is inherently evil which is why the USA is the only country in the world (except for Eritrea) that does it.
Consider this. The US government extracts tax from people who are born there, even after they leave and are getting no services at all. Not even evacuation services are provided free by the US government (again, unlike other countries).
Post-FATCA, you cannot escape this system except by agreeing to give the USA a massive payment equivalent to paying capital gains tax on a sale of everything you own. And then ..... they can still decide that your renounciation was for tax purposes and invalidate it, thus making you an involuntary citizen again against your will.
Now explain to me how this is NOT a system of slavery? The fact that you can be kept a "citizen" against your will, owned as a profitable asset of the USA, and you get nothing out of this arrangement .... well, it makes it difficult to see the difference. Very ironic, given America's past.
@_date: 2015-01-02 23:16:29
It's a straw man - you're reading implications into what I wrote that aren't there so you can argue with them. It even says that stopping double spending is what Bitcoin did.
Regardless, I'm not sure what point you're trying to make. In the real world people rely on unconfirmed transactions all the time, and Satoshi talked extensively about how to do so with acceptable safety (look up the vending machine thread). Do you really think it's better that wallets don't tell users about attempts to defraud them?
@_date: 2015-01-28 22:08:22
The purpose of the firmware being open source is to allow code auditing and security review (i.e. you can compile your own firmware and upload it to increase confidence). I think using a "view only" license is reasonable and is probably how I'd have done it from the start .... heck I'd probably have asked people to sign an NDA to get the code. Whether that makes any difference in China or not is debatable.
@_date: 2015-05-05 19:57:06
The log files don't contain enough detail to know, I think. But at any rate, former node operators keep complaining about bandwidth usage. Obviously they're serving a lot of data to some sort of user.


No it doesn't. That's just not a correct usage of big-O notation at all. Bitcoin has O(nm) scaling where n is number of transactions and m is number of validating nodes, but obviously n != m.
@_date: 2015-01-20 11:36:45
Does that happen automatically? I didn't do anything to collect the tip. ChangeTip wasn't connected to my reddit account either (it is now).
@_date: 2015-01-20 10:44:11
Bitcoin XT is the same thing as Bitcoin Core plus a few patches: they use the same ports and data directories, so no you cannot run both simultaneously unless you use command line flags to make them into independent nodes.
The code is here: 
 and it's built with gitian in the same way as regular Bitcoin Core, so you should be able to reproduce the build if you want:
If you *do* reproduce the build, please do contribute your signatures and let people know, to help increase confidence and improve decentralisation!
@_date: 2015-01-20 15:00:21
Yes it does, but the sync progress bar doesn't appear. Sorry. The fix is written and will go out with the next update. For now if you want to restore, you will just have to stare at the screen patiently.
@_date: 2015-01-30 00:06:40
It's there so the project operator can contact backers and tell them that the project was successful, coordinate rewards etc. Lighthouse [servers] won't send any emails on your behalf.
DarkWallet users might be unusual in this regard but I don't think  backers of most projects will have a problem with providing a way to be contacted. I don't plan on reimplementing email inside the app, that would be weird. The point of having an email address is so people can send you messages. I think the first DarkWallet crowdfund used IndieGoGo i.e. credit cards, so that's far less anonymous.
@_date: 2015-05-08 10:44:19
The last message Satoshi ever sent me said,


And as noted, Satoshi replaced his own email address on the website with Gavin's, and asked him to start doing project management.
Anyway, this is semantics. People can disagree that it's what happened if they like.
@_date: 2015-01-15 12:06:36
Yeah, but that doesn't help you much if your costs are in CHF, as prices didn't magically drop nationwide. And going by the experiences of last time when the peg was introduced, importers aren't going to be falling over themselves to pass on the savings.
@_date: 2015-01-14 23:15:47
I'm not sure I understand why switching to 24 words makes us more secure. More combinations for the virus to try? How much harder does it make things, really?
I'd think it might be better to implement support for plugging in a USB keyboard directly, but I know that's a lot more work and code.
@_date: 2015-05-29 11:00:34


It's not even using a bad HTTP impl. The standard Java HTTP fetch API is fine. But for some reason they actually disabled following redirects in the code ..... with no comment explaining why :(
@_date: 2015-01-21 23:50:43
The intention is, in fact, that projects will primarily be post-pay.
@_date: 2015-01-28 22:09:27
BWallet were given a business basically for free, so hard to say their business is being killed by a license change. Assuming they even care about the license, that is. BWallet guys can always continue developing the firmware themselves.
@_date: 2015-01-17 15:03:59
Western Union operates a franchise model, they don't actually own all the shops where you can access their network.
Money remittance and transfer in places like Africa has all kinds of complexities. Bitcoin doesn't magically make them go away. What it can do is empower the little guy to find creative local solutions. 
Let's imagine a wonderful fantasy world where the value of Bitcoin doesn't drop 20% overnight ;) Also let's imagine there is a local company in Kenya, Uganda, etc that imports supplies from the USA. Right now that local company has to buy dollars, send them and deal with all the overheads of the banking system. The supplier, as it happens, accepts Bitcoin for its goods, but that doesn't help the local African company because it would have to buy bitcoins by using Bitstamp or some other exchange that needs dollars/euros not the local currency, and at that point they may as well just send the money directly.
Now some local entrepreneur talks to this company and discovers their need - they *could* pay in bitcoins, if only there was a convenient way for them to swap local currency for coins. That entrepreneur sees a new market - he can start doing casual remittance, hawala style. He spreads the word that he is buying bitcoins off people and giving them local currency in return. Some people hear about this and tell their children who are working in the USA about this wonderful new scheme. Those children decide that next time they send money home, they'll go to a local Bitcoin ATM in their city and acquire some coins, then send them to their parents back in Africa. The parents then go to the entrepreneur with their cheap China-made $50 Android smartphone, and swap the coins for local currency. The entrepreneur then goes to the business, sells them the coins for a small markup, and keeps the profit in fiat. Finally the business sends the coins they acquired back to the USA to buy supplies and the loop is complete - no banks, no Western Union, and the third parties involved (ATM operator, local entrepreneur) don't have many overheads or startup costs so competition should keep their profit margins in check.
The local entrepreneur will at some point have to start dealing with AML/KYC stuff as well, although presumably only to the extent Hawaladars do. US Treasury hates hawala because it's so heavily oriented around personal relationships, which doesn't fit neatly into their fairly mechanical regulations e.g. there's no point requiring an electricity bill from someone who you've known for 20 years but who doesn't have an electricity supply, so US Treasury sees that hawaladar as a regulation-avoiding money laundering terrorist financier. How much those hawaladars care or not is unclear. I guess it'd be the same for our fictional Bitcoin entrepreneurs.
All this takes is for someone to find a way to feed bitcoins back to an origin country. Anyone who can establish a two way flow can then enable a remittance business in their area. The savings can be significant so if volatility one day damps down I think we might see a lot of ad hoc schemes without any obvious branding or western startups taking part. Just regular bitcoin wallets and business deals. We mostly won't even know it's happening.
@_date: 2015-01-13 13:00:50
This sort of thing is why we designed BIP70. If we can get adoption in wallets high enough then eventually merchants can just reject non-BIP70 supporting clients and avoid all the issues with over/underpayment, etc.
@_date: 2015-01-07 22:40:07
The plan looks like this (it should all become clearer at launch time).
Lighthouse, the app, is *just* a way to move bitcoins around conditionally,  with a UI to manage projects and pledges. It is neutral as to its use. You can imagine it as a sort of word processor for finance, so it doesn't have a browsable gallery of projects in it.
However by itself this is a bit useless, as you really are interested in funding actual projects and other things (e.g. group buys for a conference or concert). So the idea is, anyone who wants to can set up a project gallery website that builds a community and has a collection of projects. These gallery sites could be very fancy with videos, news, etc, or something as simple as a forum. They can compete with each other in the market, without having to worry about the mechanics of moving money. 
I've built one for Bitcoin and cryptography related projects which will launch at the same time as Lighthouse Beta. It's not got open signups though - this gallery is just for projects that my company has vetted, believes are implementable, and is willing to take on. People can express interest just via the web without pledging real bitcoins, as a form of market research. If there's too many funded projects for me to realistically take on, that'd be amazing and at that point I'd look for subcontractors who I trust and believe can do a quality job.
However if someone disagrees with this approach, and wants to fund protocol stuff in a different way, they can certainly organise their own set of crowdfunds with other developers delivering them! All you need is HTML and ability to gather a community.
I hope that makes sense. It's a bit more complicated than a vertically integrated system like Kickstarter where one company does everything, but by unbundling the management of the bitcoins from community/marketing/vetting side I hope to see competition create really fantastic gallery sites, and other projects won't need the overhead of a gallery at all.
@_date: 2015-01-20 14:34:09
This is a frequently asked question, so check the FAQ:
@_date: 2015-01-02 22:56:47
The statement is correct. Bitcoin 0.1 did not differentiate between unconfirmed and double spent transactions. 
You are pretending they are exactly the same thing to try and score points, which is clearly not true. That's why in wallets like Andreas Schildbach's and Bitcoin XT they are rendered in red rather than gray.
@_date: 2015-01-09 18:20:16
Oops, sorry. I meant @_date: 2015-01-07 16:22:42
Yes, I'm afraid you may be right. The USA does a lot of bad things that then "legitimises" it in the eyes of other nation's politicians.
@_date: 2014-11-20 16:46:19
Yes, that's one way to do it, and it's supported by Lighthouse at the moment (sorta, just set the contract address to be a p2sh address controlled by a CoPay instance). However then the money is controlled by the mediator group for a short time.
Another way to do is is simply to have the mediators collect the pledges themselves and combine/broadcast them only once they are satisfied the work was done. For the single mediator case this is easy today: just have the mediator be the project operator from Lighthouse's perspective. When they press "claim" the money goes directly to the guy actually doing the work/receiving the money. For the case of a quorum of mediators who might disagree, it would need some new features and design work.
Relevant issue:
@_date: 2016-01-02 20:53:39
Please read Satoshi's first email on the topic of bandwidth in Nov 2008:
@_date: 2015-05-29 14:00:03
That article is applet specific. The default behaviour is to follow:


@_date: 2015-05-06 16:37:59
I'm well aware of what China does, and what can be done with traffic analysis. China has not blocked SSL. They do attempt to detect long running encrypted connections that don't look "web like", but the rollout of HTTP/2 and the general prevalence of long lived connections for various reasons is making it hard for them to do that.
@_date: 2015-01-15 15:23:48
The peg was introduced in 2011 after a sustained period of strengthening in which importers didn't pass on savings e.g. food did not really get cheaper.
@_date: 2015-01-20 15:38:21
Probably not. Apart from the legal issues with that, it'd be a very complicated project ... think about how the UI would look for managing that. It's not something that interests me.
One thing I've looked at is a smaller/simpler feature for simplifying p2p lending, like what BitLendingClub or BTCJam do. They're already doing crowdfund type things as well, so they're a good fit for Lighthouse. Lending Club type companies seem to be pretty common in the fiat world too, and operating without problems. But I'd want to review all the issues around that first.
@_date: 2015-01-17 15:10:19
If you open source it, you can probably ask a more experienced dev to do a code review. If you mention your age I bet you can find someone who will do one for free (if you don't they'll just be like, eh, I've got better things to do). 
When I was 13/14 (I'm 30 now) I had been writing code for about 8 years already, but mostly by myself. Then my family got the internet for the first time and I was able to find an open source project to take part in. The maintainer was a much better coder than me and I learned a lot from reading his code and having him review/debug mine. Also knowing that someone else would read it and comment on it inspired me to write higher quality code.
@_date: 2015-05-08 09:32:45
I don't think difficulty adjustment is related to this problem. What we'd start to see is actually miners making empty or nearly empty blocks more frequently because their nodes would keep crashing and wiping the mempool. So that'd effectively reduce the capacity of the network and make the overload even worse (a form of cascading failure).
@_date: 2015-05-06 13:38:29
Gavin was calculating data *caps*, which are not asymmetric.
So I'd say not reading what he was writing is the mistake here.
If you want to talk about burst bandwidth then just optimising the block propagation yields big wins there. Whether that's something fancy like IBLT or something less fancy like an 0xFF Bloom filter is neither here nor there from a bandwidth usage perspective. It means you could relay blocks within seconds on even a fairly slow connection.
@_date: 2015-01-15 15:36:06
Yeah, I know the economic theory. In theory, practice and theory are the same. 
In practice, this is Switzerland, a country of only 8 million people where there are (for example) only three supermarket chains in the biggest city. One of the biggest refuses to sell alcohol on moral grounds. That same chain also owns the third (much smaller) chain. Not exactly a dynamic market.
In the cable market, there's two companies you can pick from.
Some people get around this by actually driving across the border into Germany (it's about an hour away) and doing massive bulk purchases of the essentials every few weeks. Great for those with a giant car and giant freezer. Not so great for apartment dwellers who don't. Parking here is astronomically expensive and hard to obtain because most buildings don't have enough parking spots for all the inhabitants.
Other prices, like rent, are driven entirely by demand and constrained supply - a drop in import costs is unlikely to make any difference to the eventual market price of housing.
One area that might get cheaper is home heating which seems to be primarily done with gas or oil around here. Electricity is primarily nuclear and renewable so I guess they aren't very affected by import prices.
So we'll see what really happens. In economic models if existing competitors don't react new ones come along, in reality it can take a looooong time for disruption to occur in many established markets like food, drink, transport, etc, especially if the only competitive advantage an upstart would have is trying to pass on quite possibly temporary FX fluctuations.
@_date: 2015-01-15 17:51:00
I agree with you that the peg was a mistake. Hopefully other countries will learn from this experience. Attempting to shield people from change is a common political desire, though.
@_date: 2015-05-24 13:05:38
BDB is used for the wallet.
@_date: 2015-05-27 08:58:03
For instance when he introduced the 1mb limit in the first place.
@_date: 2015-01-21 21:27:38
As far as I'm aware, Koinify is different to Lighthouse in the following ways:
1) You have to purchase an alt coin to use it. Their website says that to support a project you purchase its "crypto tokens" with Bitcoin. This feels like it gets into securities territory, which has complicated rules around it.
2) They hold your bitcoins. They say they use a multisig wallet with 2-of-2 between Koinify and the project owner, which is good, but then I don't think you can do a pledge in the traditional sense. It seems like once you buy the projects tokens you can't easily get your bitcoins back.
3) Clicking "back a project" on koinify.com takes me to a page that talks about GEMZ, but it also says that the sale is over. It's not clear to me what other projects there are or how you would back them.
Koinify seems to have curating and vetting decentralisation-related projects as part of its core mission. In that sense it's similar to the Vinumeris Crypto Projects Gallery:
.... so perhaps Koinify could consider using Lighthouse as well, if in future they decide the overhead of converting bitcoins into Counterparty tokens is too great.
@_date: 2015-01-22 17:19:54
Originally the email address field was going to be public, for this exact reason. Then alpha testers said, you know, Bitcoin users all love privacy. So I made it private. Seems there's no one right answer for this.
I guess if you think the name field might be fake you can always just contact that person and ask. I got a few Satoshi Nakamoto's donating to the charity crowdfund though.
@_date: 2015-01-02 22:59:54
I tend to use the term micropayment channel and just "payment channel" interchangeably, which is bad form. E.g. the code in bitcoinj tends to talk about payment channels. You're right that the concept doesn't actually have to be used with micropayments only.
@_date: 2015-01-05 10:20:12
Yes, you're right, we should update that. The issue is quick communication of use cases, though. Otherwise people think "Bitcoin is a payment system, I never heard of these channels, what is that about?". Putting micro into the name gets across why you might want to use them. Of course if they end up being used mostly in these hub/spoke arrangements, that won't be the primary use case anymore and then the name would hinder rather than help.
@_date: 2015-01-07 21:40:40
Could you elaborate? If you've got any tips for me, now is the time to share them!
@_date: 2015-01-15 15:40:43
I was talking about the situation before the peg.
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:37:37
Thanks, I'll check it out!
@_date: 2015-01-20 13:49:49
Please see this FAQ entry:
Lighthouse is not intended for raising money for investment schemes and has no features to support that. Obviously if you manage issuance of security-like things outside of the app, it can't do anything to stop you, but you'll have to manage dividends and other stuff yourself. And of course, go through the regulatory processes for your jurisdiction.
Because it's an app I can't stop people using it for illegal things, but a condition of having your project hosted on my server is that it's legal under Swiss and UK law. The OneTap Software server requires compliance with US law. Rules governing investments are broadly similar around the world though, as far as I know.
@_date: 2015-01-22 13:45:37


No, you have left it there because you are lazy. 
The point of the USB vendor ID is to distinguish companies. That's a rule of the USB specification. You are not SatoshiLabs therefore you should not use their vendor code. 
This whole approach just trashes your credibility right from day one, sorry.
@_date: 2015-01-07 13:07:52
There are lots of countries where you don't need a visa to get into the USA (ignoring ESTA). I come from one of them. It seems kind of stupid to let Europeans into the USA sans visa but not a former citizen who *chose to leave*.
This does make me wonder what would have happened if Roger had just not paid the "freedom tax". What's the worst the USA could do to him, other than arrest him when he is on US soil? And if they aren't going to let him back into the USA anyway, well ....
@_date: 2015-01-10 18:03:57
Those wallets are open source though. I love my TREZOR, but it'd probably have been better for them to team up with an existing wallet creator rather than build their own wallet from scratch. E.g. the MultiBit support is being done by the MultiBit guys alone.
@_date: 2014-06-02 04:28:14
I used to think that too. I no longer do. Ads will be a part of the internet's core funding mechanism for the forseeable future regardless of how well micropayment technology works. So I'm not a fan of things like AdBlock: it's fundamentally not a sustainable strategy.
The problem is that the web is much more expensive than anyone realises. I didn't notice this until I was able to see Google-internal stats on what it'd cost me to suppress the (Google served) ads I was seeing around the web. The stats were calculated on an auction competition basis, that is, the cost of not seeing an ad was basically what the advertiser would have paid to the publisher weighted by average number of clicks, etc, (basically a simulation). 
It turns out that to replace the funding that advertisers were generating as I browsed around the web, it'd be costing me something like $20-$30 per month, *just* for Google ads. And it turns out that Google doesn't serve most ads on the web, far from it. Just doing some basic mental extrapolation I guessed that if every ad network let me pay to opt out of ads, and that payment was calculated to balance the lost advertising revenue so things still balanced out, I'd probably be paying on the order of $100 per month.
Now, admittedly, I use the web a lot. And I'm probably a valuable demographic for advertisers (I'm not poor, I buy things online regularly etc). So I would probably have to pay more to balance out my contribution to ad funding than someone in, say, India would. But it doesn't change the fact that advertisers pump vast sums of money into the web so we can use it for free. The chance that most people will want to voluntarily replace that revenue to not see ads is low. So I think that ad blocking shares much in common with piracy - lots of people saying "I'd pay for it if I had the option" and then if/when the option becomes available, some people will start paying instead of adblocking, but a lot of people will come up with some new awkward rationalisation for why it's OK to leech off others (obv: if some people block ads, then either the other people have to see even more ads to balance it, or the sites have to cut back and spend less on making their product).
@_date: 2015-01-28 22:05:29
I think you may have misunderstood slush's point. The $19 device would be useless because it'd not come with any firmware. It would effectively be a brick. The only purpose of it would be to prove that the hardware components cost that much.
It's very common that R&amp;D costs dominate for new devices.
@_date: 2016-01-18 20:10:49
When Greg sent me that email, I had never even contacted anyone at R3. So, no.
Greg didn't say what he was referring to, but presumably it must have been my "developer in residence" position with Andreessen Horowitz, as that was my sole source of income at the time. Why he'd think VC firms are unethical is beyond me though. Blockstream certainly took plenty of VC money.
@_date: 2015-05-27 20:19:44
That their transactions were confirming slowly.
All transactions generated by Andreas' wallet pay the minimum fee. It never generates free transactions.


Yes. The word "Bitcoin" was defined by the white paper and still means something almost identical to how it started. You can't describe a system with a radically different architecture and say it's Bitcoin though. Otherwise the word becomes meaningless.
@_date: 2015-05-05 20:16:23


No. You have to draw the line somewhere. I don't deterministically build my operating system kernel or CPU microcode, and it'd be meaningless if I did as I haven't personally reviewed the code anyway. You have to pick roots of trust, and the JVM distributors are not a bad one to pick.


Indeed, no such software exists. That'd be a rather large open research problem.


Remember the scenario is that one party has lost its data, or has gone offline. So they don't have / can't use the signed transaction anymore.
@_date: 2015-05-27 13:48:15
If they really want to pursue this angle, it would make a lot more sense for Blockstream to either buy or do a deal with StrawPay as they have already developed much of the code and technology.
Otherwise there will come a time when there are multiple competing payment channel networks with incompatible technology, and that would be both a shame and a problem.
@_date: 2015-05-29 14:43:20
English is great, isn't it :-) Sometimes I wish we all spoke Lojban instead.
The correct parse of his sentence is:


Obviously nothing can happen "now" because no code is available for people to download.
@_date: 2015-05-09 07:27:03
If the block creates the outputs that it does itself spend all those outputs will be in RAM cache. So they will be effectively free to check.
LevelDB is very fast, even on a spinning hard disk. You can't assume 1 UTXO = 1 seek.
readrandom   :      16.677 micros/op;  (approximately 60,000 reads per second)
60,000 reads per second, for random access.
This isn't a problem. Gavin is being highly conservative and I think panicked a little - LevelDB effectively sorts keys by hotness (due to the leveled SSTable structure). So old/dormant coins will eventually fall to the bottom of the pile and be a bit slower to access, with the benefit that recent coins are near the top and are cheaper to access. People who try and create then spend coins over and over again to waste IOPs are going to be very frustrated by their lack of success.
And now I'm off to the airport for a two week holiday. Have fun guys! :)
@_date: 2014-05-10 16:08:17


I can assure you, the Snowdens of this world are definitely something Bitcoin should support well!
I think there are a couple of incorrect assumptions in your post:
1. Only a few people with hard core privacy needs would want to use ECDH. Whereas, I think it's very useful - perhaps necessary - for supporting address book type use cases, which is a pretty basic feature that PayPal, online banking etc all support. You want to be able to add someone to your wallet and then be able to push money to them, instead of them having to request a "pull". So I think it could end up being very commonly used.
2. You don't *have* to use a single server for holding and forwarding things. BitMessage implements a floodfill storage network that simply stores every message for two weeks and it was mentioned in Peter's original post. I think in practice flooding messages to lots of servers but deleting them after two weeks would seem less reliable to people than having fewer servers (or just one) that stores data for much longer, but these are tradeoffs that are quite easy to explore: we could always extend BIP70 again to support multiple payment_urls and have wallets submit to all of them! Then you could decide how many servers or networks you'd like your Payment messages to end up on. This may require optional/partial encryption of Payment messages but, again, these are features that can be added.
@_date: 2015-05-07 09:45:25
They don't have to know, they just have to suspect. A long term, multi-day connection to Tor isn't likely to be used for casual web browsing. Alternatively they can look for small encrypted packets heading towards the home and large encrypted responses heading away a moment later. That's the opposite of what web browsing looks like.
Tor hidden service names can be enumerated and sometimes are by researchers. I doubt that's what's happening though. More likely they just assume any long term connection to Tor is suspicious.
@_date: 2014-10-13 16:45:52
You can look at the getting started tutorial for bitcoinj (which you can use from Java):
and/or watch this screencast which shows you how to make a p2p GUI wallet app that can be distributed as a native app on Win/Mac/Linux:
It shows how to use the template app that comes with bitcoinj and then upgrade it to have a simple transactions list. It's pretty easy.
@_date: 2015-05-07 10:13:55
If you're going to rank me in "top 100 developers" by Bitcoin Core commits, that's obviously going to make it seem like I've done less work than everyone else.
How about comparing total commits across projects?
    Mikes-MacBook-Pro:bitcoinj mike$ git log |grep 'Author: Mike Hearn'|wc -l
    1663
    Mikes-MacBook-Pro:bitcoin mike$ git log |grep 'Author: Peter Todd'|wc -l
      50
@_date: 2016-01-02 00:38:21
Satoshi was using "Moore's Law" to talk about the speed of increase in computers, which isn't technically correct (the "law" was really a prediction about transistor densities), but it makes no difference for Bitcoin because transaction validation is what's called 'embarassingly parallel'. That is, you don't need a 2x faster CPU to process 2x more traffic: two CPUs is just as good.
(I'm handwaving some details here like LevelDB compaction load but as nearly all the work of validating transactions is hashing and validation of signatures, it's a close enough rule of thumb).
So whilst general CPU speed improvements have been slowing down, this is offset by two major caveats:
1. Modern CPUs have SHA256 opcodes, so the hashing part of the validation work CAN get significantly faster (effectively every Intel CPU has a little SHA256 ASIC inside it)
2. Core count has been going up.
If you tweak Moore's Law a bit to allow for transistor count to double *across cores* instead of *within a core*, then you get this sort of graph:
[You can buy 64 core systems today](
So the point Satoshi was making wasn't wrong and the criticism I see in these comments is unwarranted. He was using "Moore's Law" as a shorthand for "improvements in processing power" and in fact from Bitcoin's perspective the law has held true, as signatures can be checked in parallel across many cores simultaneously.
@_date: 2015-05-27 20:08:23
Andreas raised the default fee paid by his wallet just a few days ago because some users were complaining. We're occasionally seeing runs of 6-7 blocks at a time that are all full. That's what I meant by "starting to hit issues".
The Bitcoin white paper makes no mention of networks of identified, stateful third parties that make for attractive hacking targets as a way to move money around. Lightning is a different system that settles up on the block chain but isn't the block chain. Satoshi never even hinted at such a thing.
@_date: 2015-05-29 14:36:56
Yes. There are three:
1. It supports the BIP64 getutxos command, which is useful for Lighthouse amongst other things.
2. It supports the double spend relaying patch from Gavin and Tom Harding.
3. It replaces Jeff Garzik's DNS seed (which is broken) with the seed run by Addy Yeow (which works).
The other patch is to rename it from Core to XT. Otherwise it's the same.
@_date: 2015-05-26 20:12:13
Satoshi used to do them quite frequently (without telling anyone, no less).
@_date: 2015-05-05 21:17:50
Do you intend to deterministically build, or actually read the code? I don't see why a JVM is impractical to audit but an entire OS isn't. They aren't that complicated, you know ;)


Yes but the payment channels are for example between user and hub (the hub _is_ the party).
@_date: 2015-05-05 15:29:37


Yet they both run on physical computers. The comparison is useful - WhatsApp handles orders of magnitude more traffic with an order of magnitude fewer machines. People who claim the sky is falling need to keep that in mind. There's plenty of room for optimisation.


No, you aren't paying attention. He said that his home node doesn't seem to be serving old parts of the block chain, in response to me suggesting perhaps it's new users downloading the early parts of the chain and giving up before it's finished. What I just said is maybe there are lots of users keeping full node wallets in sync, which means they'd only be fetching recent parts of the chain. Different theory.
However, there's not much point in theorising without proper metrics.
Dumping Core from the website as the default wallet was the correct move. There was no "grave error". I don't know how anyone with experience of shipping consumer software can conclude otherwise. Core is not a usable wallet for the mainstream. Even SPV wallets are pushing it, performance wise. 
@_date: 2015-08-29 11:37:31


Yes, it's true. I've been trying my best to explain as clearly as possible, but perhaps I wasn't doing it well enough.
The act of processing a block is what updates your local copy of the ledger. When you receive a block which has enough mining done on it, your node goes down the list of transactions and applies each one to the ledger, updating it one at a time. If half way through a block it finds a transaction that's illegal in some way e.g. spending money that doesn't exist, invalid signature, contains an invalid script, then the all the changes made so far are undone and the block is discarded.
This checking process is what stops miners just awarding themselves free money outside of the inflation formula.
In a hard fork, when the rules change in some way because of (say) a new feature, your node reaches a transaction that has some new data that it doesn't know how to read. And as a result it rejects that block and doesn't apply any of the block's changes to the ledger. This leaves the ledger in the *last state it was able to calculate with confidence*.
In a soft fork the node reaches a transaction that has a new feature, but the new feature is designed such that the node doesn't stop processing. Instead it will continue and apply the changes in the block no matter what - even if the new feature is something like "check the signature using new signature algorithm MagicCrypto". The old nodes will instead read such a transaction as "do nothing and assume success". So what if they are fed a block that uses the new MagicCrypto feature, but the signature is wrong? In a soft for the old nodes will just calculate a new ledger with all the money being owned by the attacker!
Let me try with another analogy. Imagine you are reading an important letter written in a foreign language. It is asking you to spend some money, so it's vital you don't make any mistakes. You speak the language quite well, but as you read it you find a sentence you don't understand. It's got words you never saw before and you just can't figure out what the sentence means.
Do you:
1. Stop reading and call for help?
2. Ignore the part you don't understand and try to follow the rest of the instructions anyway?
When dealing with financial data and other things that *must be correct* the right choice is (1) - stop and wait until the situation can be corrected by someone more knowledgeable than yourself. If you do (2) you might end up making all kinds of catastrophic mistakes.
This is basic engineering. It's also why soft forks make no sense to me; they encode option 2 rather than option 1.
@_date: 2015-08-13 05:41:28
.... and someone did, and there were miners making invalid blocks for weeks, if I recall correctly.
@_date: 2015-08-23 19:02:18
I don't think there's much of a tradeoff actually, despite all the assertions flying around here.
Remember how tiny the numbers we're talking about truly are. The average web page is now 2mb! Literally, when you load a web page, you are loading and processing more data than a full bitcoin block!
If you open just 4 tabs, on average you probably loaded as much as the post BIP101 blocks *could* be, if they were immediately full.
The tradeoff, such that it is, is so tiny that in the end it's just not worth worrying about much.
@_date: 2015-08-20 19:59:25
Charlie, I wonder if you have really been paying attention in the past months.


Spoken like someone who hasn't tried.
We have begged the Bitcoin Core folks to do the following:
* Put forward a proposal they all agree on
* Negotiate in any way
* Define a process by which a decision for Core can be made
They have not done any of these things. 
There are two other BIPs. One would allow a minority of mining hash power to actually shrink the block sizes to nothing. It did not get consensus nor have an implementation. The other would give 2mb blocks by 2020, but that also didn't get consensus, and it didn't have any implementation either.
Nonetheless, Gavin and I both thanked Pieter for actually making a proposal that would raise the limit. That was progress, albeit small.
Right now, what I'm seeing is some people saying "all Core needs is more time, because they're so careful". There are plans for scalability workshops. Gavin plans to attend. However, from [the website]( of these workshops we learn, direct quote:






I am not sure why this process is going to result in consensus forming when previously there has been none. Ultimately, for Core to make a release that raises the block size, Wladimir must make a decision and type "git push" for a particular change. However, he's said he doesn't want to make any decisions about consensus rules. This appears to be an unbreakable obstacle, unless he changes his mind.
Additionally, time is not infinite. The "stress tests" that started this summer are only interesting to the attackers because it takes so little effort to consume all available capacity, and assuming Bitcoin usage grows, it will take even less quite soon. The limited time available and long lead times on upgrades isn't something that can just be ignored - a userbase growing through word of mouth doesn't care about the timeline of some workshops.
Still, although I am rather skeptical, if this process helps Bitcoin Core resolve its internal deadlocks, then I'm all for it.
@_date: 2015-08-06 16:47:42


No, not yet, but at some point politicians or people like Ms Lagarde may try to present it as such. Especially if there's some big blowup or major extortion incident.


Minor quibble: sending more than $10k is not a problem and businesses do it all day, every day, without needing paperwork. The paperwork starts when you have $10k (or around that much) in cash, i.e. the bank cannot know where the money came from.
And mostly that's a US problem. Structuring rules and indeed most AML stuff isn't enforced as aggressively elsewhere in the world. So it's rare for people e.g. in Europe to hear about these things.
@_date: 2015-08-31 18:14:57
Consider the 50 BTC fork back at the time of the first halving.
A few miners thought that Bitcoin wouldn't be sustainable if inflation dropped. So they modified their code to keep mining 50 BTC blocks and tried to do a hard fork to keep it that way. It was totally unsuccessful and the blocks they built were ignored by everyone else. They abandoned it very, very quickly as they were just burning their own money.
@_date: 2015-08-17 13:52:16
Perhaps it's worth revisiting why this is coming up now.
The block size has been debated for years. Every time, it was seen that it was a potential source of conflict and people let the issue drop.
We cannot continue doing that. Bitcoin traffic might be stable now, but it's summer in Europe and America. It's normal for online services to see flat traffic in the summer and grow in the winter. I wrote about this phenomenon here:
Unless Bitcoin stops growing entirely, it seems plausible that by next year average block sizes will be very close to the maximum. In practice, that means very frequent backlogs and slow confirmations even *without* the "stress tests"/DoS attacks that have been happening in the past few months.
It is an extremely bad idea to let spare capacity in an online system drop too far. Normally you would want to ensure at least 25% headroom or more, and as upgrades take time that means you start planning and initiating upgrades even before that. Source: I was a professional capacity planner at Google, and another professional capacity planner who worked for Bank of America stated much the same thing on the bitcoin-dev list a few months ago.
I've seen a few people, Mark (maaku) in particular, claim that we're rushing things or haven't thought things through. In fact we've been debating this issue for years, researching and developing the XT/bigblocks patches for months, and this is the only reason the Bitcoin Core guys are thinking about the issue at all. There was no evidence of any attempt at traffic projection or capacity planning before now.
"You're not being careful enough" is unfortunately an accusation that anyone can level at anyone else. For instance, I can argue that it's the other way around - Gavin and I are being the careful, conservative ones by initiating the work needed to raise capacity in advance of it being needed, just as every other professionally run online service does. Leaving everything to the last minute or not doing anything at all is in many ways the height of recklessness.
@_date: 2015-08-15 18:00:19
Bitcoin XT has an updated Bitcoin-Qt as well. If you like the current GUI you can keep it. Try downloading it and see.
@_date: 2015-08-20 22:49:13
Why not 4mb? 8mb is already a compromise. The original calculations suggested 20mb - 8mb was the result of negotiation with Chinese miners, who wanted that figure specifically and united behind it.
Anyone can pick an arbitrary number and say, why not this, I prefer this? Well, we've been through some rounds of that. At some point, there has to be some number chosen. And for BIP101 that number is 8.
@_date: 2015-08-07 15:55:58
Money today is not primarily a tool. It's an infrastructure: if every banker quit tomorrow it'd stop working. Cash is a tool but most money is not in the form of cash.
The argument Lagarde is making is not inconsistent with yours: tools are neutral and cannot enforce political agendas. Infrastructures rely on people to maintain them, and can enforce agendas.
If someone values the enforcement of a political agenda above the low overheads of a purely tool based approach, then they might arrive at the same conclusion as Lagarde.
Additionally many societies restrict tools on the basis of how they can be used. Almost every nation restricts guns, for instance, and even America restricts access to things like nuclear weapons. Tools cannot be entirely divorced from their uses.
@_date: 2015-08-07 10:16:28
Have you guys looked at using UpdateFX so upgrades don't have to redownload the app every single time?
@_date: 2015-08-23 16:56:07
Validating a 20mb block takes seconds even with ordinary computers and code - Gavin tested it already. The entire UTXO set easily fits in RAM, and certainly it's possible to optimise the code further still.
The attack you talk about has never actually been done because it's just not worth it. Validation of a block is fast. I don't see any reason why it wouldn't remain fast.
But regardless, think about the higher level argument. Miners can do all kinds of things to gain an edge over their competitors, including mining completely empty blocks, engaging in DoS attacks against other pools, doing withholding attacks on pools etc. Ultimately, Bitcoin cannot survive the majority of miners being malicious. If we end up in such a situation, then OK, proof of work has been tested and found wanting.
@_date: 2015-08-26 17:05:46
Yes, and I've suggested automatic soft limit size adjustment based on orphan rate before. I don't recall where I said it though.
Basically the more stuff that can be automated, the better for decentralisation, as then you need to be less of an expert to get the best results.
@_date: 2015-08-15 18:11:52
It's deleted already.
@_date: 2015-08-02 12:49:39
Tor has plenty of bandwidth. I don't understand this notion that larger blocks and Tor are incompatible, just go take a look at their capacity graphs. Post Snowden Tor grew a lot.
But regardless, this whole argument has already been addressed:
   
There's a limit to how much things like Tor can achieve in the face of government opposition. The best way to suppress Bitcoin is simply find people advertising that they accept BTC for products and services, then jail them. You can't do anything about that and it would be highly effective at suppressing usage.
@_date: 2015-08-13 05:40:54


I assumed this was too obvious to bother arguing.
How many technical systems are out there that have *never* evolved and yet are still actually useful? Even TCP/IP has evolved and that's really expensive to change.
The idea that Bitcoin can simply be frozen in time forever and not become worthless (as in, a historical relic that was hopelessly outcompeted) is simply not realistic. There are plenty of minor technical changes that are needed for performance, security, etc.
@_date: 2015-08-05 09:45:12
It's probably not a good idea to try and block people from screenshotting. I understand why you want to do this, but fighting the user in this way is virtually never the right thing to do IMHO.
A better way is to make key rotation easy so if an old seed was stored somewhere potentially unsafe the money can be moved to a new seed, and to do what Andreas does: have a note on the screen after a new install telling the user they CAN make a backup and probably should once the $ value of a wallet goes over a certain amount. But not trying to force a user who just wants to play around into eating all their vegetables up front.
@_date: 2015-08-27 19:18:34


What options? None that are actually implemented, as far as I'm aware.
This is exactly the mentality I'm talking about.
"Someone is contributing something better than what we have now ... but if we reject it and wait longer, maybe something _even better_ will come along!"
Except it never did.


Neither of these claims is true. I do not believe any of my work has been "dangerous" or "poorly reasoned". However, there are certainly people who would like you to believe that right now.
For instance the "unintentional hard fork" was caused by bugs in the BDB code that Bitcoin used to use. I replaced BDB with LevelDB, which both doubled performance and eliminated the lurking consensus bugs that BDB could trigger.
Unfortunately we ran out of time and BDB exploded before the rollout replacing it was fully complete. That's what triggered the unintentional fork.
The db engine we use today is .... LevelDB.
@_date: 2015-08-28 10:54:41
That article on the St. Petersburg paradox is fascinating, thanks for the link.
@_date: 2015-08-29 11:28:34
Luke is talking about the alert mechanism. There are automated test programs in the source code that show the alert mechanism working. It's tested automatically:
I'll reply about the part you bold highlighted above.
@_date: 2015-08-28 12:29:06
If you read the article, you'll find that Bitcoin Core is run in the same way. I've never encountered a software project that literally had no leaders. The closest to that you'll find is Wikipedia and even there it's only skin deep. There are editors and admins who step in if necessary.
@_date: 2015-08-23 17:09:43
I already gave many suggestions for how to improve mining decentralisation here:
I can't work on everything simultaneously. I already do a hell of a lot for Bitcoin, and most of that work has been on decentralised wallets. Which has been quite successful: the most popular wallets on several platforms are now peer to peer SPV wallets.
@_date: 2015-08-12 23:45:22
Neither phrasing is correct.
@_date: 2015-08-26 16:46:17
They'd presumably set a min fee rather than a size cap. The latter is indirect.
@_date: 2015-08-23 17:27:40


Rephrased: ignoring its weight, indivisibility, inability to be transferred over phone lines and Conquistadore-triggered hyperinflations, gold was perfect ... until it wasn't.
I think you are agreeing with me. Times change, and needs change with them.
@_date: 2015-08-05 09:46:09
There's another spam attack happening. It's a Bitcoin problem: the 1mb block limit means it takes very little money to create a giant backlog that then can take days to clear:
44k txns in the mempool right now. Should normally be around a thousand or so.
@_date: 2015-08-25 11:41:42
Hi Manfred,
I'm sorry you feel that way.
There are a few points I think you should consider.
Amir claimed he was "expelled" because Gavin refused to put him on the private security list. The reason is that he had recently bought Bitcoinica and then uploaded the Mt Gox API keys to a public git repository whilst there was still a large sum of money there, resulting in customer money being immediately stolen.  Gavin felt, I believe correctly, that this sort of thing disqualified him from having access to early security information that was often about live bugs. He wasn't actually expelled though, far from it, he could have continued to submit patches without issue. Plenty of people contribute to Bitcoin without being on that list.
XT is not a "battering ram". It exists because Gavin got tired of waiting for the Bitcoin Core non-process to reach some kind of conclusion; he concluded that it would never happen and honestly I agree. Not because there is actually a need for infinite amounts of analysis but rather because they have no structure in place to make decisions about this sort of patch.
XT does not change the governance model. Bitcoin Core uses "rule by benevolent dictator" as well for everything *except* hard fork changes, where it currently seems to use "never do these changes" instead. But for every other change, Wladimir has the final say. For example the recent proposal to make Bloom filtering an optional part of the protocol did *not* gain consensus: several experts objected to it. However Wladimir simply said that consensus is not needed for changes to the protocol in this case.
I realise that this isn't what a lot of people currently think and I plan to blog about this soon. The differences in decision making between XT and Core are really very minimal, and boil down to "hard forks should require 75% miner consensus" vs "hard forks should require absolute consensus of anyone who speaks up".
So all your questions about what happens if the US government asks me to make a backdoor seem irrelevant. They apply just as much to the current Bitcoin Core project as well.
Miners are already concentrated in large datacenters. That's the result of the ASIC race. It has nothing to do with block sizes, which are trivial. The average web page is 4x the size of the average block.
My article did not insult any core developers - it didn't even name anyone. The few places where it quotes people are there to illustrate the differences of opinion. If the people who said those things get offended at seeing their words be reprinted (anonymously, no less), well, that's too bad. But I don't see how one can write an article about a serious dispute in a better way.
My views on the "stress tests" are published here:
I have very publicly called on CoinWallet to stop what they are doing. I've also emailed them privately (they ignored me). If they DoS attack the network again, I think reporting them to law enforcement would be a reasonable next step. They are not helping anyone, least of all XT.
Tor is not blacklisted. Please read the patch description on the website, or the code itself. You are just repeating nonsense that first appeared on the Bitcoin Core developer list, but it's completely untrue.
Put bluntly Manfred, you are over-reacting and being emotional about a technical topic. Attacking me won't achieve anything. Unless you believe 1mb blocks forever are a great idea, you should go put pressure on Wladimir to accept or implement his preferred solution instead. 
@_date: 2015-08-22 14:25:53
I already refuted that in the XT launch article. Read to the bottom. Simply put: we disagree with both statements, but as they're purely subjective opinions I'm not sure how you can "prove" they are wrong.
@_date: 2015-08-13 20:00:50
HTTP/1.1 evolved many times, look at headers like Strict-Transport-Security or the JS cookie restricts, etc.
@_date: 2015-08-12 23:20:39
Pieter's proposal is used by BIP 101, which is a hard fork. It's a signalling mechanism to coordinate nodes and miners to start enforcing rule changes.
It may look superficially like it's also achieving the same thing as hard forks do - letting you know when the rules have changed - but it doesn't actually do so. The reason is that a bit can go from 1 to 0 either because the change DID take effect and is now being enforced, or because it DIDN'T and the change has "timed out". 
An un-upgraded node has no way of knowing which it is, because it can't look into the future and know what the timeout period for any given change is. 
So whilst you could make a node implementation that tries to get the benefits of hard forks by examining these bits, it:
1. Would be a very indirect and roundabout way of noticing you can't check the rule any more
2. Not actually work. Your node might stop processing and demand an upgrade when the rules hadn't changed
Simply designing upgrades to trigger rejection by old code is a much more direct and straightforward way to ensure old nodes understand what's going on, with the added benefit that they can e.g. print the tx hash to the log.


You say this, but as my article argues the distinction between hard and soft forks is meaningless. There are only forks, and forks must occur for upgrades to occur.
@_date: 2015-08-06 16:50:47
Yes but also no - they were doing so under the post PATRIOT Act definition of money laundering, which removed the mens rea requirement. In English, since 2001 American law says you can be guilty of money laundering even if you didn't intend to break the law and genuinely had no knowledge of any crime being committed.
This is one reason America's AML laws are so crazy. It's a strict liability crime. You can break it even when trying not to. In HSBC's case they had major AML infrastructure but it was deemed to be not good enough, therefore, they were "guilty".
Complicating things they got caught up in Congress' extra-territorial enforcement of sanctions against Iran, i.e. any transaction anywhere to Iran was considered "money laundering" even if there were no sanctions in the senders country. Basically an attempt to turn the dominance of New York into a sort of global government.
Other countries haven't followed down this path, as far as I know. At least not yet.
@_date: 2015-08-15 18:04:47
No. It reuses the existing data if you were previously running Core. You can switch back and forth at will.
@_date: 2015-08-28 12:43:37
If you look at the actual objections to my work, they are not the result of "rigor" or a lack of soundness. They're normally the result of a combination of things. The biggest problem is that Bitcoin Core lacks [a threat model](
Put simply, a threat model is a description of which threats you care about and which you don't. A lot of early crypto and privacy work failed to gain traction in the market because they didn't have a threat model, and with no model people (especially security geeks like us) tend to default to this line of thinking:


Threat modelling is very common in modern security engineering. Whilst one or two of the Bitcoin Core guys like to claim they're security engineers, I actually was a professional security engineer at Google for several years and you really do need a threat model because otherwise you end up making terrible decisions.
For instance, here is the IETF OAuth threat model:
Recently they published a more ambitious threat model for the entire internet.
Here's a deliberately extreme example of what can go wrong if you don't have a threat model:




D'oh, fail. 
Alice is right: encrypting their mails would have defended them from an awful lot of ordinary hackers who might be able to phish a password, or guess a secret question/answer, or phone tech support and socially engineer their way into the account. It might not defend them from TEMPEST attacks, but then again, it actually might - Bob is assuming a lot about the ease of pulling off such a thing, and more importantly they probably won't be targeted by such attackers. Giving up because you can't solve *every* conceivable attack regardless of probability is what happens when you don't have a threat model.
Now let's say that Alice and Bob agree on a simple threat model: they care about attacks from adversaries of moderate sophistication who have no special hardware, are not physically near by, and do not have any Chrome zero-days. Other attackers are out of scope: they accept that if they are targeted by such adversaries they will lose.
This might seem like defeatism but actually just lets them make progress. Now maybe encrypting their emails doesn't seem useless after all. Sure, it's not perfect. Malware could still beat them, as could the NSA. But the actual threat they face is ex-Ashley Madison employees, not the NSA.
Bitcoin Core makes this kind of mistake over and over again.
@_date: 2015-08-02 13:18:59
That's a sudden shift of the goal posts. Regardless, BIP 101 (proposal from Gavin) is configured to allow home running on reasonable internet connections.
One issue with the definition of "reasonable" is that some parts of the world, like parts of the USA, have extremely poor home internet compared to many other parts. However that doesn't imply the entire system should be configured to run on home internet in rural India. There's obviously a line to be drawn somewhere.
@_date: 2015-08-16 14:26:34
0.11A doesn't identify itself that way on the network (for now). It just calls itself 0.11.0. It is done that way for compatibility but I'm thinking it's just confusing people, so I'll probably adjust it in the next release to identify as 0.11B consistently.
@_date: 2015-08-06 16:28:08
That's factually true, but not really a useful thing to say - yes banks obviously process most crime linked transactions just through virtue of being The System, but they all have large departments that do their best to spot criminal activity. It's hard to ask for more than that, even though occasionally Congress tries.
From the perspective of people like Lagarde, it's better to have banking bailouts and the moral hazard than an ungoverned financial system which doesn't attempt to stop crime (there's an implicit assumption here that nobody will report criminal activity unless forced to by law). This position may be ridiculed here on but it's pretty widespread elsewhere. Bank bailouts, high fees etc suck .... but do they suck as much as being extorted through Bitcoin and Tor by anonymous hackers or even kidnappers?
I'm going to take a wild guess and say if forced to pick, the man on the street will pick the bailouts.
Bitcoin, being essentially cash, avoids the moral hazard but by cutting out banks also cuts out the anti-money laundering system. We see the consequences of that every time someone pays a ransom to the CryptoLocker guys and their descendants. Blow it off if you like, but don't assume the majority of Joe Random's will do the same.
@_date: 2015-08-12 23:37:02


You can't verify the block chain. You can calculate a UTXO set with such an old node, but it has SPV security only, as it doesn't understand P2SH and would happily accept blocks that were wrong according to the current rule set if there was enough work done on them. The only thing that stops that is the weight of mining on the correct chain.


Yes, that's what I meant by "defined correctly". I thought that was clear. Obviously full nodes would have had to be upgraded. Such is the nature of verifying the consensus. Don't like that, don't fully verify. I'd be happy to have an -spv switch to Bitcoin Core that stops running scripts so users who can't or won't keep up with rule changes can keep running their node with a lower level of verification. But no such switch currently exists.


Jeez, is anything in your world not at odds with decentralisation? The entire point of full verification is decentralisation: when verification inevitably breaks due to the system changing over time, you lost that decentralisation already and the only question is how to handle it.


All forks signal this, including BIP 101 which is not 'soft'. They must do by their nature because every fork is inherently a flag day.
The point is what should the software do if the user ignores the signals and isn't upgraded in time.
Soft forks result in what amounts to data corruption: the user can calculate a ledger that is nonsensical (people stealing each others coins, for example). Hard forks don't.
@_date: 2015-08-30 21:00:53
Ah yes you're right. He left out the fact that he's a Blockstream employee from the list. 
@_date: 2015-07-08 09:21:03
Virtually all the proposed block chain protocol changes are fairly boring technical matters. As an end user you wouldn't notice them. They're mostly around making things safer/faster/easier to program.
@_date: 2015-07-08 15:14:30
The whole point of the first seen rule is that it's a rule: you cannot buy yourself a double spend by simply attaching higher fees. CPFP lets you bump the fee on a whole transaction graph, but if you try and do so for a double spend it will still have no effect.
@_date: 2015-08-12 22:51:21


I think this is a very tricky distinction.
One of the common sense rules Bitcoin enforces is "only the owners of a coin may spend it". This rule doesn't correspond to any particular line of C++: it's composed of a bunch of smaller rules working together. You can create outputs with no particular owner, but this is rare.
The P2SH soft fork effectively broke this rule for un-upgraded nodes. Suddenly people were creating outputs and you couldn't tell who the owner was, because they were effectively password protected outputs. In a very pedantic technical sense the rules were not being broken because old software wouldn't actually notice anything wrong, but the common sense rule was broken: anyone could spend a P2SH output the moment the program corresponding to the address became visible on the network. Only everyone upgrading past the fork could fix this and restore the common sense rule: so, same as a hard fork.
So whilst I understand the distinction you're going for there, I don't think it's meaningful enough to base anything as troublesome as a forum or website policy on.
@_date: 2015-07-02 10:11:52
I just gave you one way of doing it. The hardware for it isn't available yet but will be soon, and as it's not the lowest hanging SPV fruit right now ...
@_date: 2015-08-13 06:05:16


Um, no, I am not "purposefully misleading people". But great work on insulting me yet again.
In the article I make two key points:
1. The distinction between soft and hard forks is small, and not significant enough to base entire content banning policies on.
2. Despite the small differences, it's still better to use hard forks.
I didn't actually list all the arguments for hard forks over soft forks, like the fact that hard forks are better for SPV wallets. I just argued enough to try and demonstrate those two.
Every time I've made these arguments, what's happened is people said .... look! We've tweaked how we do soft forks so they're more like hard forks!
Well, yes. That supports the argument I'm making. And here it's happening again - I say, soft forks change things so that your old node doesn't notice (in the sense that it'll process nonsensical data it doesn't understand), and you're saying, no because we added log prints and alerts and things for when version numbers change, so the user will know!
Yes, that's a good thing and obviously I know about them. So how about going all the way and ensuring the node doesn't then calculate incorrect results if it falls off the end of the runway? Normally it's better for software to stop running than silently calculate nonsense, that's why PHP and Visual Basic are not seen as tools for engineering high reliability systems .... their habit of reacting to unexpected situations by just ploughing forwards and making something up (ON ERROR CONTINUE) is rightly regarded as a serious mistake. Soft forks are the Bitcoin equivalent of Visual Basic's error handling.


I've made myself perfectly clear. To pretend that updates are or should be optional in a changing system is ridiculous: you fundamentally can't have it both ways. Either you want to fully verify the block chain in which case you must use software that understands how the rules have changed over time. Or you can use simpler software that checks fewer rules and doesn't verify the chain.
This entire argument you're making revolves around your first statement: that you can use an old version of Bitcoin and "verify" the block chain. This is simply not true and you didn't answer that point, just doubled down on it. If you decided to try and verify the block chain with a pre-P2SH Bitcoin version, and if I teamed up with a bunch of miners, I could feed your old node blocks that simply spent every P2SH output to me and you would blindly accept them! You'd never know that your ledger making me the richest guy in the world was pure fiction!
@_date: 2015-08-07 10:03:57
Yes. Money from remittance companies.
The US Govt never proved there was actually drug money in those flows. They assumed there must be because of the sizes and amounts, but that isn't the same thing as proof.
The assumption that bank tellers can individually take on organisations as sophisticated as Mexican drug cartels is silly, especially as they have no real powers of investigation.
@_date: 2015-08-07 10:22:22
OK, the thresholds tend to fall over time so that may well be the case. I don't know what the current thresholds are in the UK. The key element is the use of cash.
@_date: 2015-08-31 10:41:38
If a valid block comes in according to the old, un-upgraded nodes, and it connects to the last best known block, the node will accept it.
However, that process normally stops very fast, as no miner wants to build blocks that the rest of the network will ignore. So the node can easily detect that something is very wrong by noticing that the block rate is much worse than every ten minutes.
If a block comes in that's valid according to the new rules but not the old rules (to an old node), then it is ignored and the ledger doesn't change.
@_date: 2015-08-28 10:49:01


This still isn't right - soft forks *lower* the security of old full nodes! In fact it lowers them to something like SPV security, because they can no longer fully validate the chain, but believe they are doing so.
Heck, you can ask any Core dev about this and they'll tell you the same thing. In a soft fork, old nodes check a block that follows the new rules and *always* conclude that it's valid, so they accept it, _even if_ the rest of the network has upgraded and now interprets it as a rule-breaking block. Then those old nodes notice that miners have built a different chain and switch to it. 
So after a soft fork, old nodes are just following the miner consensus rather than checking things for themselves. This is just like an SPV wallet.
In a hard fork, the node sees it doesn't understand the new block and stops (or nearly stops..... it ignores the new blocks). Transactions will remain unconfirmed forever, or until an un-upgraded miner finds a block but this will take a long time. From the perspective of the old, unupgraded node, transactions just take forever to confirm. If the node is owned by a merchant, eventually he/she will notice that payments aren't confirming any more, investigate, and upgrade. The software can itself notice this by observing that there's a huge chain it doesn't know how to read and running the -alertnotify script.
Now what's happened is that over time the Bitcoin Core guys have made soft forks more and more similar to hard forks, to try and get these benefits back. But it's not gone all the way, of course, and so whilst the differences have shrunk there's still a minor difference. Mostly that an old node will alert you that there was a fork but then calculate a possibly incorrect ledger anyway. In a hard fork it will alert you and then keep the last ledger it was able to calculate with confidence.
@_date: 2015-08-27 19:43:49
I don't fully understand what you mean by this.
In a soft fork, the point at which it replaces the old rules is fuzzy and unclear because miners who are not upgraded (still on the old rules) can still build blocks on top of blocks from miners who are upgraded. Those blocks will be orphaned, but orphaning happens naturally anyway. From the perspective of an observer who doesn't know about the soft fork, it's hard to tell why a given block was orphaned.
In a hard fork, the split happens exactly once, and from that point on non-upgraded miners build blocks that are on the losing side of the fork. They stack on top of each other and even an observer who has not upgraded and doesn't know there's a rule change taking place can easily see why the blocks of the old miners are being ignored. The point at which the chain forked can be specified precisely, as a height or block hash.
That's the fundamental distinction between hard and soft forks. In a soft fork old nodes/miners don't realise they've fallen out of the consensus. From their perspective they keep mining valid blocks and are just very unlucky. From the perspective of upgraded nodes they keep mining rule-breaking blocks that generate an invalid ledger.
The real problem is with SPV/lightweight wallets. They see that a transaction appears as normal in a block, or even two blocks, but don't realise those blocks are doomed. So people can be defrauded. With a hard fork this does not happen.
BTW the official answer to people on mobiles/tablets getting defrauded is "everyone should know that one block isn't sufficient for a transaction to be considered safe". Of course everyone does not know that, because it's only true during a soft fork rollout. Before or after such a rollout, or when a hard fork is used, one block's confirmation is pretty good.
@_date: 2015-08-28 10:55:36
Indeed there is. If you read the XT launch blog, it even quotes from the wiki article on the Nirvana fallacy:
@_date: 2015-08-13 20:02:01
Well, yes. That's what we mean by "rejected". If it didn't work that way anyone could shut down your node by just mining a block that contained garbage. Nodes *have* to ignore things they don't understand.
@_date: 2015-07-08 17:41:27
Yes, we are. I was doing some work on it in the last few days, and posted a status update to the XT mailing list today.
@_date: 2015-08-13 08:32:14


The node software doesn't know what the threshold is. Yes, it can assume the thresholds are constants that will never change, but the whole point of forking is that things are changing and indeed the document says "variations are possible for future soft forks" and "The thresholds chosen in BIP 34 (750, 950, 1001) do not have to be maintained for eternity". 
So the problem is circular.
If all it's being used for is to trigger warnings and synchronise the upgraded nodes to a flag block, then no problem. If old nodes are supposed to be relying on it for safety and correctness - problem. But fortunately we don't need that. Just designing changes to be rejected by old code satisfies all requirements.
@_date: 2015-08-15 20:13:49
So, if I understand correctly, in theory we could end up with a situation where the vast majority of all miners, users, exchanges, payment processors etc are running Bitcoin XT, but you would still not allow any discussion of it in a forum called "Bitcoin"? Don't you think that situation would be kind of bizarre?
Also, you guys realise that the Bitcoin Core developers have changed the block chain rules and will change them again, right. It just happened with BIP 66, it happened with P2SH, they're planning another change for CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY.
I'll say it again - these positions you guys have adopted don't seem well thought through. 
BTW, the fact that you have to censor people talking about your censorship is very soviet. What happened to being full of libertarians?
@_date: 2015-08-07 11:20:50
That text shows the exact problem I'm talking about. The report was written by Congress, it's not the result of an actual court case where evidence had to be presented, could be challenged by opposing lawyers, the bank could defend itself, etc. How much do you trust its neutrality and accuracy?
But regardless, it doesn't say anything I haven't.
The bank was guilty of "inadequate" controls. Adequacy is not defined anywhere and is a constantly moving target. Any bank can be accused of not doing enough to fight crime and nearly all of them have been.
Mexico is right next door to the USA and has a massive immigrant population living there. No surprise the cash dollar flows between Mexico and the USA are higher than between other countries. This is not evidence of anything much.
Other claims:
* HBMX had high profile clients who were involved in drug trafficking. According to whom? If it's such a slam dunk case against them, why are those clients not in prison? What this actually means is that there were clients who the US authorities "knew" or suspected were involved, but had not been actually found guilty of anything. Why should someone lose their bank account just because the US DEA doesn't like them?
* Millions of dollars of suspicious travellers cheques. Again, suspicious according to who? Anything can be labelled as suspicious in hindsight. The vagueness of this standard is what I've called out above as legally problematic.
* A resistance to closing accounts linked to suspicious activity. Again, suspicious according to who? The DEA? They have a direct incentive to label lots of people as "suspicious" if they think it'll help them do their job, as there are no consequences for the agents involved. The reasons we have courts and laws to decide guilt or innocence is exactly to stop this kind of ad hoc punishment.
In the UK the banks have been trying to cut off remittances to the entire nation of Somalia: only a court order is keeping the financial connection alive. The reason is, the banks are terrified of being found guilty of allowing "suspicious" transactions to "suspicious" people there, so by their calculus it's better to block ALL transactions. Quite a few families in Somalia depend on remittances to buy food. However the banks fear the US Treasury dept more than they fear creating thousands of starving families.
When you support these sorts of attacks on HSBC, that's the eventual consequence: a financial system paralyzed by fear that systematically excludes people based on race, nationality, background .... anything that some US bureaucrat might later decide is "suspicious".
@_date: 2015-07-08 11:57:47
The memory pool doesn't have any size limit, currently.
A future version of the software may fix this. In that case, however, the attacker would simply try and ensure it's other peoples transactions that are kicked out instead of his own. So it's not a panacea.
@_date: 2015-07-23 12:48:36
You cannot separate a protocol from the user experience of using that protocol. The idea that you can is one of the more problematic ideas in the Bitcoin space right now. The two fundamentally impact each other in deep ways.
For instance, Bitcoin addresses are short and mostly typeable. But that's because they are only at heart a public key. There is no further information needed for basic operation because people can scan the block chain to find payments. Lightning doesn't use a block chain, it's all hub based. So you need something different. That in turn affects how usable the system is.
This is just one of many open questions. It's really a totally different system to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-08-19 17:00:09
That's a very disappointing post.
It starts with a classic case of weasel words:


So right away, all the scalability work I've done (which is a lot) doesn't count because Gregory can just redefine the words as he sees fit and then claim his redefinition is "the conventional and useful definition". Nice try.
But anyway, let's recall what I've done for scaling Bitcoin.
* I wrote bitcoinj, which is over 70,000 lines of code. BitcoinJ is *the* reason people can use peer to peer wallets on smartphones and tablets. It took years for anyone else to implement SPV mode, and when they finally did, it was only possible because of the work we did on the protocol upgrades. If it were not for this massive effort *everyone* would be using web wallets, which are much, much less decentralised. Indeed when Bitcoin Wallet for Android launched, the standard way to use Bitcoin from mobile phones was to deposit coins at a place called MyBitcoin ..... a coinbase style bitbank that was run by an anonymous person who then ran off with people's money.
* I suggested, then implemented usage of LevelDB. This doubled Core's performance and removed a source of random consensus failures.
* I did much of the design work on BIP 70. If you look at proposals for further scaling SPV mode by removing the chain scanning element, they rely on BIP 70 to move data around outside of the block chain.
It is quite upsetting, and absurd, how Gregory blows off the first point as if it simply never existed at all. That work represents enormous night and day effort for over five years.
Then he says:


What? Matt Corallo is your Gregory's own employee at Blockstream. It's true that I only suggested the usage of Bloom filters in a few mailing list posts and Matt then turned up one day with an implementation .... but then it being "rushed buggy and coming with DoS attack vulnerabilities" would surely be the fault of the guy Gregory now employs, no? 
But it doesn't matter, because I disagree with his assessment. Matt did the work whilst a student. It was good and appreciated work. It wasn't rushed, and unfortunately Gregory - here in the real world where people do real work - programmers do sometimes write software that contains bugs. If you take a crap on programmers, especially students, who write code that isn't entirely perfect the first time around, that's a great way to ensure nobody ever writes code.
Now I'm going to be blunt, because Gregory attacking the quality of work of *his own employee* is both crazy and I'm afraid I need to stick up for Matt here.
I have about 1700 commits in bitcoinj alone, 395 in Lighthouse and 31 in Bitcoin Core (with much of my work not appearing under my own name, as it was a joint effort with others).
Gavin Andresen has 658 non-merge commits in Bitcoin Core.
Gregory has 71 non-merge commits in Bitcoin Core and 48 in libsecp256k1.
The amount of code written is orders of magnitude lower. This may explain why Gregory so frequently attacks people for writing code with bugs in it - he writes virtually no code himself.
The rest of his post is full of equally absurd statements. People have been successfully using SPV wallets like Bitcoin Wallet for Android, BreadWallet and MultiBit for years. That's a fact. Yet in Gregory's world they are not "practical". 
This kind of ivory tower non-reality-based reasoning is exactly what's causing the Bitcoin XT split. People who do serious work are sick of being told that nothing which actually exists is good enough, that everyone's work is useless and insufficiently perfect. Armchair developers are not what Bitcoin needs.
Gregory will never reach a point where he thinks it's time to raise the block size. Simple as that.
@_date: 2015-07-22 11:24:23
You left out the last part of that paragraph: the issue was not that they processed the transactions, but that they did not file suspicious activity reports about these purchases. 
@_date: 2015-07-08 17:47:30
That's what Gavin's proposal and patch does, indeed.
@_date: 2015-08-16 15:40:58
It's not even accurate.
ISPs and other networks routinely do transparent HTTP caching. Not much different to DNS caching in that regard. So the HTTP based protocol is hardly a big change there.
However, resolving an HTTP seed via Tor is much easier, faster and more secure than doing it via DNS. If you are worried about wire sniffing, that's a better fix than relying on recursive DNS resolvers. There is code in bitcoinj that knows how to do HTTP seed lookups via Tor.
@_date: 2015-08-28 14:49:01
I'm planning on kicking off a threat modelling exercise for XT soon, maybe next week. I already have one in my head but writing this stuff down will help clarify.
@_date: 2015-07-02 16:31:35
I'd hope that Bitcoin Wallet for Android has a good German localisation, seeing as Andreas is German :)
@_date: 2015-07-03 10:14:24
No. I suggested it as a compliment to the techniques we have today, for situations where those techniques aren't good enough. Currently they seem to be good enough all the time, but assuming that changes, there are other approaches that can be used to reinforce each other.
The entire credit card system outside the USA relies on secure hardware to do in person transactions and it works well. You can claim it's ideologically impure or whatever, but don't claim it's insecure.
@_date: 2015-07-30 11:12:43
I understand your issue. Once XT 0.11A launches "for real", there will be a web page that explains what each patch does as simply as I can.
@_date: 2015-07-30 10:57:11
No reindexing or redownload of the block chain is required.
@_date: 2015-07-02 10:36:55
Yes, I think you are 100% correct. True end to end crypto is not widely used at all.
However, the real problems with this plan start the moment you hit jurisdiction. Even if the Tories can steamroll Facebook and Google into giving them whatever data they want, all it takes is a simple web forum in some foreign country that's got a good SSL setup and no known exploits, and suddenly the discussion that happens there might as well be end to end encrypted from the UKs perspective. They'd have to go find the administrator of the forum, and then invoke the relevant international treaties to get the assistance of that foreign government, etc, and that can apparently take over six months.
Alternatively they could simply mandate that all SSL traffic be tappable by the ISPs. For example by insisting that a government root cert be added to cert stores and any device that doesn't allow MITM by the UK Gov is simply broken the moment it passes the UK border. That would be fantastically damaging of course, even China hasn't gone that far, but I doubt Cameron has any ability to judge technical costs at all and GCHQ ain't exactly going to help him.
@_date: 2015-07-31 10:23:03
If there's a patch of course it can be considered. I won't write such a patch myself though. I'd rather improve the bitcoinj wallet file format.
BTW JSON would not be an excellent format for a wallet. Wallets store binary data. JSON is very inefficient at doing that. And something like protobufs (which is what bitcoinj uses) doesn't scale well because you end up rewriting the file a lot for high turnover wallets. A binary database format is a good choice, just that there are better options than BDB these days.
@_date: 2015-08-15 20:54:45
Well, BDB could get randomly inconsistent with itself. LevelDB had no such issues. So I actually removed a source of consensus failures .... but unfortunately we ran out of time before BDB triggered one anyway. Even without LevelDB though, a BDB-related explosion would have happened sooner or later.
@_date: 2015-08-23 14:52:34




This is a tricky point of English grammar, but suffice it to say the definitions are not the same. Unanimity is definitely a consensus, but a consensus does not imply unanimity.
Bitcoin does not implement unanimity. This is a *very* frequent source of confusion, especially because lots of people desperately want to believe it does. Theymos seems to want this, and more problematically, the Blockstream guys and Gregory in particular actually believe it already does.
We can see it in this video:
  
where he says


This statement is just fundamentally wrong, even though I understand why he wants it to be correct (it would make life more predictable). All Bitcoin does is calculate a document (the ledger). The interpretation of that document is up to people, not machines. If tomorrow your favourite shops all decide that they won't accept any bitcoins that have even passed through an address ending in the number 13 because they think that's unlucky and you have such coins, well, tough. Sucks to be you. If 51% of miners decide they aren't going to process transactions that include OP_RETURN outputs anymore, then, well, those transactions are going to disappear.
What Bitcoin actually implements is a form of voting, to quote the white paper, "one cpu one vote" in the original incarnation, although these days it's more like "one ASIC one vote" with some handwaving because the silicon process arms race is still ongoing.
So Bitcoin is a form of democracy, albeit a flawed one. Theymos is on record as saying he hates democracy, so no surprise that he's having a meltdown over the fact that some people are finally pointing this out with something more substantial than a forum post. And all sorts of people are saying, oh no, 75% smells too much like democracy. 95% would be OK though. Well, that's pretty arbitrary and actually - as pointed out above - BIP 101 could use 51% as its threshold. That's how the block chain algorithm actually works, and not coincidentally, also how democracy works.
How would one make the kind of money Theymos and Blockstream want? I'm not sure, but you wouldn't use a block chain. You'd probably need an architecture more like MintChip, with trusted hardware that can do remote attestation between nodes. Then in order to send money to someone, they'd first have to give you a hardware proof that they are using the same software as you. If you changed the software on your chip by even one byte, you wouldn't be able to receive money any more.
But even then, it probably wouldn't work. Money is a tool of civilisation and like all such tools, it must be able to evolve to meet changing times. Once upon a time everyone thought gold was the perfect money. Then printing techniques got better and people realised cleverly printed paper was actually just as good. Then the telegraph was invented and suddenly people realised they wanted to send money over huge distances immediately.
If money had never been able to evolve beyond gold coins, it'd have retarded our whole civilisation's progress. Obviously, people abandoned it because a system of money based on physical metal couldn't change to support the features people wanted. So I think even the goal of unanimity (which is another way of saying "I want something that never changes") is questionable. Technologies that can't evolve, eventually die.
@_date: 2015-07-22 12:09:03
Sorry Chris! I'll edit my post.
@_date: 2015-07-23 13:48:08
Hi Theymos,
I think there's an issue here you should think deeply about addressing. You say:


But this position is self-contradictory.
You very clearly have strong opinions on this matter, and there's nothing wrong with that! Listening to arguments and then staking out a position is fine, especially if you still keep an open mind afterwards.
But you cannot credibly claim that bitcoin.org is independent whilst also attaching arbitrary criteria like "sane", "mature", "non-hardforking". The first one alone is a hole in bitcoin.org's independence big enough to drive a truck through: you can easily dismiss anything you don't personally like as "not sane". The dislike of hard forking is similarly arbitrary: Satoshi was quite comfortable with the idea and attached no particular importance to it. There are very few technical distinctions between hard and soft forks, and after the rollout is over the distinction ceases to matter entirely (though soft forks tend to result in features being more complicated).
So I think you need to make a decision here. You can have strong opinions like "the number of nodes is falling because of the block size" or "it'd be OK to grow in a year", but you must recognise that these are opinions and not facts: so having such strong opinions isn't compatible with running a truly independent website.
True, credible independence is hard work. The BBC bends over backwards to build its reputation for journalistic independence. Most newspapers don't bother: it's easier to just admit their biases.
So if you want bitcoin.org to *actually* be independent and for that claim to carry real weight, you need to establish uncontrovertibly fair policies for listing software forks that take your own judgement out of the picture. Then the claim of independence would have merit. 
@_date: 2015-07-22 16:57:34
I have no plans to create such binaries myself. If you wish to compile a version of Core that only has the block size patches, you will be able to do that by fetching a branch, but the result won't call itself Bitcoin XT, it'll still refer to itself as Core.
@_date: 2015-08-07 14:29:30
Why? What makes you think you can spot this stuff so easily? Cartels have full time professional money launderers, often with real chains of real businesses that have real customers to mix the cash in with. If it was so trivial the war on drugs would have been over decades ago.
@_date: 2015-07-08 17:41:08
The other devs have made it clear they will never accept a block size increase. They sometimes claim they would but have never been willing to spell out what that actually means for real, so effectively, they don't.
@_date: 2015-07-02 10:45:09
You can say that. Then the government has to show beyond reasonable doubt that you are lying. For example, if they can see you typed in the password a day before you were arrested, and then you claim you forgot it within that 24 hour period, well, that might not fly.
It's not a great law. But it's a direct equivalent to laws requiring you to open safes if the police have a search warrant. That's been the case for a very long time and the sky hasn't fallen. Compared to "nothing can be encrypted" it seems outright reasonable!
@_date: 2015-08-06 18:52:53
I'm explaining her perspective, not my own.
@_date: 2015-08-23 17:25:45


You cannot and I think you even say that yourself later.
If you change your rules and end up with a different ledger, whilst still claiming you're accepting Bitcoin, then what happens is you end up in a language-based word definition fight. If your customers and suppliers consider the word "Bitcoin" to mean the thing you're accepting, you win. If they don't, you lose.
If the majority use the word Bitcoin in a way you don't, then you will keep losing and pretty quickly word will get around that you claim to accept Bitcoin but paying you hardly works, and people will stop trying. So you'd just be excluded from the economy.
In the case of a pure 50/50 split then the name itself would become meaningless.
@_date: 2015-08-07 15:58:46
I think that's a bit unfair: she said right out that the existing system is flawed, which implies recognition of the value of a fresh approach. She just sees Bitcoin as replacing one set of problems with another, rather than reducing the total amount of problems.
@_date: 2015-08-16 14:15:07
Yes, exactly.
I've been talking to one of their journalists for a story. I asked them to hold any story until after the launch. So I'm sure there'll be something soon.
@_date: 2015-08-09 15:46:11
That was Congress' argument. But suspecting there's drug money in there somewhere and actually being able to find it are entirely different things.
If you punish bankers for having money flows that seem too big to be legit, you end up with the Somalia situation. I don't think Congress actually wants banks to cut off all money flows between America and Mexico, do they? But it's already happening with Africa and if the Treasury pushes too hard, they might discover you must be careful what you wish for.
@_date: 2015-08-07 16:10:24
It's hard to extort people with physical cash. You have to pick it up somehow, which means telling the victim where you will be and at what time. You can't stop them arranging a date with the police at that point.
With Bitcoin the extortionist doesn't have that problem. Combined with Tor it's a real issue: do some research and think about it hard.
@_date: 2015-07-23 14:12:03
Gmail does not use POP or IMAP anywhere when using its native interfaces (webmail or mobile apps). It runs a proprietary protocol between the client and server.
POP / IMAP is provided for backwards compatibility, and the user experience is different. Without extensions IMAP has no notion of starring messages, search auto complete, etc .... lots of features are missing.
Source: I used to work on Gmail.
(and btw the GMail UX is significantly harmed by the inability to meaningfully upgrade the non POP/IMAP email protocols ...)
@_date: 2015-07-22 11:07:45
Part of the reason for doing XT is to tackle the wider problems that led to this situation. And part of the reason XT isn't properly "launched" yet (I mean with a proper website and the like) is that we've been working on some of these things in parallel.
There are several parts.
The key is a manifesto that states important principles to which the project is committed. The problem that's killing Core is that things Satoshi considered important are no longer considered important by the current developers: beyond scaling up, they also don't seem to care any more about lightweight P2P wallets or unconfirmed transactions. This is why XT is more than just bigger blocks. Re-stating important principles to which the project is committed should help refresh things, and avoid endless debates where someone pops up and says "Feature X is imperfect, let's kill it" whilst ignoring its importance to users.
The manifesto also makes other commitments. One is to build a polite and professional community, enforced through moderation when necessary. Core's ultra-aggressive community has put off talented developers and throttled corporate support: that must be fixed. Plus, it commits to a strong focus on the needs of users and developers.
Beyond that statement of principles, we've also been looking at decision making. Core theoretically has a standard open source layout with a maintainer who makes decisions, but in practice has decided to simply ignore many classes of proposed changes on the grounds that decisions can be controversial so they don't want to make them any more. See the recent pull request from Chris Wheeler about raising the default block size miners create from 750kb: the default value makes no sense, but changing defaults was deemed to be decision making, which is centralised, which is bad.
I asked Gavin whether he'd be willing to be the XT maintainer. I'd prefer that solution: I have enough work to do already. But he stepped back from being the Core maintainer for a reason and he didn't want to end up back in the same position. As neither of us really want the job, we've reached a compromise: I remain maintainer, as I created the project, but as I don't have much time for patch development I end up largely at the mercy of whatever other people actually implement. If Gavin feels strongly about a certain approach, I'd be forced to decide between just rolling with it or abandoning my other work to rewrite the code, which I'd strongly prefer to avoid. This arranges incentives such that we should be willing to cooperate, compromise and find reasonable solutions.
And finally, Gavin has commit access to the repository, so I don't end up a bottleneck.
@_date: 2015-08-06 16:54:44
At this point every big bank has been fined by America for money laundering. The PATRIOT Act changed AML law in the USA so that basically anyone who works with money can be found guilty at any time, because the law says you have to report any "suspicious" activity but doesn't define what that means, plus unlike in many crimes and countries you cannot use a good-faith attempt to comply as a defence.
So from the regulators perspective fining banks for not trying hard enough is essentially free money + publicity. Other than [annoying allied countries]( it has little downside for them.
Lagarde knows this. She is not American: by tradition the head of the IMF is always European, though I don't know why. So she knows most of these fines have been nonsense, but can't say that without upsetting the majority contributor to her fund. 
However, just because the USA is wildly more aggressive than other countries, doesn't mean she thinks the AML system is useless and should be scrapped.
@_date: 2015-07-08 09:30:09
Yes, [we were asked by the TREZOR team to do both at once]( because they really could benefit from a new sighash function, but right now:
1. There is no patch available for a new sighash function
2. Some people want us to keep the fork to just increasing the block size to reduce "controversy", although frankly that bridge was already crossed. 
@_date: 2015-07-22 10:37:21
Working on it! We've been doing some staging builds in the past few days with the block size changes in, to test things out. Gavin decided to tweak things a bit more, so it will be another few days yet before we have publicly available test builds.
Once XT with bigger blocks is launched, I am sure you will see a post here on reddit about it.
@_date: 2015-07-08 14:07:41


Because the value of Bitcoin itself had gone up significantly. Lowering the min fee just put the cost of a transaction to around where it had been before the runup in price.
Regardless, you cannot solve DoS attacks by simply making the service ever more expensive for everyone including legitimate users. That boils down to giving the attackers what they want.
@_date: 2015-07-23 15:51:08
My point is that the Gmail UX is fundamentally defined by email. Every message needs a subject line. There's the CC and To fields even though they are redundant. Threading is ad-hoc. Quoting behaviour is miserable. There's no good way to add someone to a thread half way through, etc.
@_date: 2015-08-02 12:50:58
Um, I have never worked for intelligence services. Where did you get that idea from?
@_date: 2015-08-09 15:49:25


You don't understand what the term BDFL means. It's the same thing as maintainer:
Obviously no one person can change the network rules arbitrarily, and that isn't what Gavin or anyone else is proposing. 
@_date: 2015-07-18 10:13:18
That thread predates the article: they are not counter arguments. Read it and you'll see for yourself.
As far as I know, nobody has written a proper rebuttal to my article.
@_date: 2015-07-03 18:54:09
Yeah. The idea is that a miner mines an invalid block in order to fool SPV clients (but presumably not all of them at once - not sure what kind of fraud scheme would do that). This has never happened, as far as I know.
Nodes don't relay invalid blocks, so counting how many peers advertise a block is a simple heuristic to decide if it's valid or not. We already use this heuristic for transactions.
@_date: 2015-07-03 19:10:38


Because you did not read what I wrote - yet again. This is a repetitive problem I have with you Gregory and I'm not alone in having this issue. For instance, Gavin and others have complained several times you never replied to their emails.
From the *very first paragraphs of the pull request*:


I stated very clearly why my patch does not tackle the stall: because other patches are already addressing the most likely cause.
One more thing:


There is no blacklist. Tor exits are not banned or blacklisted in any way and can still connect, unless the node is completely full. Which is exactly the same behaviour they get today! If a node is full then Tor clients are also rejected, just like all the others.
And yes, the patch was tested, with a program that connected to my local node via Tor. I didn't run two Tor connections in parallel so failed to spot my error, thanks to Patrick for doing so.  I think you'll agree that this is the point of code review. I have spotted errors in other people's pull requests plenty of times before, I did not accuse them of "not testing" though. It'd be nice if there was a way to unit test this part of the code. Note that bitcoinj has over 5,000 unit tests!
I don't believe I have dismissed "considered review": I very clearly thanked Patrick for pointing out the missing break statement. What I have dismissed are comments like, "but it could be worked around" and "what if the Tor website itself is wrong", i.e. demands for far more code without any guarantee it'd make any difference to being accepted (hint: I don't believe it would). The patch lays the first stone for a new anti-DoS framework that doesn't rely on the notion of misbehaviour. It is not an all-singing, all-dancing solution to every imaginable attack. That is months of full time work at minimum, perhaps more.


The guy has a persistent habit of running to Reddit the moment he thinks he can cause drama of any kind, which, not surprisingly, puts off people from contributing. I have raised this issue before and nothing was done about it:  multiple commercial developers who could have contributed significant manpower told me they refuse to do so because of the behaviour of Peter Todd specifically.
Bitcoin Core is not upholding "principles" here. The patch is a simple start at resource scheduling, it should be drama free. The fact that a trivial statement like "Tor has been used to attack nodes, so non-Tor clients should take priority" isn't something that should violate anyone's principles.
@_date: 2015-07-23 13:06:24
BIP 66 deployment was a soft fork, and soft forks are a bad idea (and I have pointed this out repeatedly for a long time now). In a soft fork miners on old nodes are never properly split onto a side chain. They don't realise they're out of date and making invalid blocks, so they keep trying to build on the main chain. Then clients that aren't fully validating (like SPV wallets) end up being fed invalid blocks over and over again. It only stops when all the miners upgrade. The actual threshold that triggers the fork is irrelevant - *every* miner must upgrade after a rule change, the only distinction is how much damage they cause until they do.
The bigblocks fork is not a soft fork, it is a hard fork. Old miners will be immediately split onto a separate chain, and be in the minority. There's no chance of the old rules temporarily re-asserting themselves on top of the new block chain.
What happens if some miners push support over the 75% threshold and then decide they will reject &gt;1mb blocks after all? Then the miners running the bigblocks patch will see their new blocks get orphaned, but will still stay on the same pre-1mb block chain. From their perspective it's like a soft fork. They can fix things by setting a command line flag (the soft limit) to prevent themselves from mining 1mb blocks. Then they'd have to try again. But this situation is dangerously close to "miners attacking the network" which, of course, is a failure mode Bitcoin has long been subject to.
@_date: 2015-07-25 16:55:12


I think you misunderstood.
Gmail speaks several protocols. The new features were all added in proprietary protocols that are specific to Google. Cases where new protocols couldn't be developed, like SMTP or MIME, have constrained how Gmail works and looks to the user.
If you want to know what can be done when you throw away every existing protocol, go look at Wave.
@_date: 2015-07-03 10:11:27
The patch is designed to balance Tor and non-Tor users, that's exactly the point of it, so stop bullshitting. There was a missing break statement so it kept looping after selecting a peer to disconnect, that bug is now fixed.
As you are well aware, the current approach Bitcoin Core users to DoS attacks allows *anyone* to disable Tor for Bitcoin users *everywhere*, because Core will ban any IP that "misbehaves" and doesn't know that an IP is a Tor exit. So write a program that connects through every exit, triggers the misbehaviour logic, and boom - now Tor is blocked from the P2P network. This is a key issue that prevents bitcoinj from using Tor by default (Core does not even have a bundled Tor client so usage of it is largely theoretical).
This patch is a first step towards fixing this situation by de-prioritising peers instead of banning the IP entirely. So it's the opposite of what you are trying to claim. As usual,  you're omitting information and manipulating people by saying things that aren't true, in order to try and make yourself look good and me look bad. But if anyone reads the patch description they will see what it does for themselves.
@_date: 2015-07-28 15:08:05
Same as always - most hashing done wins.
@_date: 2015-07-17 13:03:10


Gah, here we go.
What I said was that Satoshi wrote his code in a style that was common a long time ago and is nearly unheard of today. 
Show me one other project of note released in 2009, as a C++ Windows only desktop app, that used Hungarian notation, offered no API, had nearly everything in a file called "main.cpp" and which had no unit tests at all?
It doesn't happen. Satoshi's code was highly unusual for its era and I am not the only person to have noticed this. So I don't think you can argue with what I actually said. Maybe that's why you're arguing with a general criticism of Satoshi's code that I didn't write.


The Google C++ code base is unusually good. Satoshi's code is at best a blast from the past .... and would have immediately failed code review there. 
I have only the highest respect for the scale of Satoshi's accomplishment and do not expect a one man spare time prototyping project to match the code quality of professional engineering teams. Regardless, where it came from does not change the facts: a complex program where correctness is absolutely critical yet which comes with no unit tests is simply not written to modern standards. But that sort of approach *was* common in the '90s: thankfully that era is largely behind us.
@_date: 2015-07-31 15:09:14
That's a technical issue. It can be fixed with better software. We were waiting for Pieter's headers-first code to be out there, because then it's OK for a node to upload slow or throttled and other nodes will switch away from them.
Also, it depends why you want to run a node. If you want a fully verifying wallet, just disable listening or firewall off port 8333, limit your max connection count, and then you won't upload much.
Also the block propagation protocol is really dumb. It repeats every transaction twice. There are ways to do better protocols that would use less upload bandwidth.
@_date: 2015-08-18 05:14:47


I agree completely and have been suggesting this for many months, really, for the last year.
Guess what? They don't want to do that. The Bitcoin XT website has a manifesto laying out its goals and constituencies for a reason!
@_date: 2015-07-22 14:38:44
The regulations normally have exceptions for people who don't do it regularly/professionally, so I think you wouldn't.
However a lawyer who specialises in this field could tell you for sure.
@_date: 2015-07-23 10:48:43
The Lightning network doesn't specify many details either: for example, what the replacement for Bitcoin addresses would be.
@_date: 2015-07-02 10:42:11
No, you're assuming that the opposition parties would actually oppose.
However Labour is fully on board with the notion that governments should know everything. SNP, I'm uncertain, but I doubt they care much either.
From the perspective of most UK politicians, civil liberties is that thing which stops them deporting people who say nasty things about them in mosques. It's not something most of them care much about defending, with a few notable exceptions. They feel like abuse of power is something that happens in other countries (and in fairness, whilst it's a long way from perfect, there are lots of countries with way more abusive governments than Britain's).
@_date: 2015-07-03 10:05:25
Why am I not surprised to see propaganda from Peter Todd here?
Here's what the patch does: if a node runs out of resources and has to choose, it chooses to serve non-Tor connections before Tor connections. Simple as that. The reason is, it's trivial to jam the entire network today via Tor by simply connecting to every single peer over and over again until they're all full - at this point starting wallets would fail.
This attack has been observed happening for real, on the main network, though fortunately whoever did it didn't try and jam every node.
The patch fixes this by introducing a notion of priority; some connections are more valuable than others. The goal is for DoS attackers to be scored as the least valuable of all, so if they attempt to consume all the network's resources, they will fail and legitimate users will still be OK. This is the only correct way to handle DoS in the long run, the current approach Core takes is banning IPs that 'misbehave', but that's insufficient and actually makes it (doh) harder to use Tor, as anyone can misbehave from behind Tor exits and get them all banned.
Notice how "Bitcoin Core's adherence to principles" involves a lot of redundant comments that anyone could have made because words are cheaper than code, ignoring the fact that the current approach makes Tor usage highly fragile, and a vague insistence on a better solution up front without any interest in evolving towards one in steps. Exactly the behaviour I've come to expect from them.
@_date: 2015-07-08 09:22:47
Yes. But not from the perspective of the non-upgraded software: that's why it was called a soft fork. The old software doesn't know it's been left behind and just keeps chugging along, making useless blocks on the tip of the chain.
Eventually it's all equivalent yes - this issue will pass. But during the transition it'd have been more convenient, especially for SPV wallets, if the change had included something old nodes would reject.
@_date: 2015-07-02 10:47:22


This meme is popular amongst Americans, but it's false. The origin is a story in the Daily Mail (popularly nicknamed the Daily Fail because it's such a trashy tabloid). Someone counted the number of cameras in an extremely densely populated area of London and then extrapolated it out to the entire country. Then a bunch of Americans got hold of this story and assumed all those cameras are linked in some kind of government controlled surveillance network, when in fact they were nearly all private and installed by shop owners.
Then they concluded the UK is a police state.
Meanwhile, in the freedom loving US of A, civil asset forfeiture is a thing!
@_date: 2015-07-24 15:07:32
One idea:
   
That's my POV. Gavin has an equally valid view which is this: nobody knows exactly, but sometimes you have to take a leap of faith. If people want the services of miners, they'll find ways to pay for them. This is not going to be an unresolvable problem. I agree with him.
One idea that probably won't work is "everyone pays higher and higher fees". This is economically nonsensical because the max tx fee is capped by what Bitcoin's competitors offer. In many parts of the world the existing financial system offers entirely free transactions. Obviously, if people have a choice of "use SEPA and send money for free" or "use Bitcoin and pay a very high fee" all but the most hard-core ideologues will use banks.
@_date: 2015-07-07 09:35:10
They obviously can handle them. They choose not to in order to try and make slightly more profit, at the cost that they are now bleeding money every time they build on an invalid chain. They need to get their act together, quickly, or else they'll lose all the money they earned by taking short cuts (at everybody elses expense).
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:27:58
I did not "cause" you guys to start massive deletion of top voted posts in this forum, that decision is entirely on you.
@_date: 2015-08-30 09:30:30
So you worked for Adam before then?
Bitcoin Core doesn't understand security engineering or really engineering full stop. Many of us have experienced this over and over again. Engineering involves setting priorities and making tradeoffs, amongst other things.
Consider that Gregory's official proposed solution for the block size limit is the Lightning network. There are no time or cost estimates attached to the development of this, how privacy/smart contracts/hub legality would play out is entirely unknown, the user experience is a giant question mark, and "everyone in the ecosystem rewrites their software" is actually a part of this plan. 
That's not engineering. That's academic thinking to an extreme.
Re: Google. I was a security engineer there for several years and built a couple of pretty successful security systems.
@_date: 2015-07-09 09:35:56
Consider the case where there's a chain of unconfirmed transactions and one of them is replaced to boost the fee. All the others are now invalidated and must be regenerated and rebroadcast. Wallets don't know how to do that today, because it's a situation that isn't meant to happen.


If you want to do the work to upgrade every wallet out there yourself, be my guest. 
@_date: 2015-07-02 10:30:22
In the last UK election the British people were given a choice between:
* Tories, promising a balanced budget and controls on immigration.
* Labour, who are terminally inept and couldn't figure out what the hell they were promising, but appeared to be gripped by internal disagreement about whether they did or did not trash the budget when they were last in power (they did).
* Lib Dems, who theoretically care the most about civil liberties. But after spending decades in opposition they finally got a taste of power in the last coalition government ... and immediately realised some of the promises they had been making when they thought they could never win were unworkable populism. Their backtracking betrayed those who voted for them and their support base was vaporised.
* UKIP, who have exactly two likeable politicians (Farage and Carswell), and all the rest were shown to be utterly racist or borderline lunatics. The only reason they got anywhere at all was strong anti-immigrant feeling amongst poorer citizens. After being questioned on live radio about some of the promises in the UKIP Manifesto, Farage memorably proclaimed the guy who wrote that document was an idiot and most of the promises made in it were nonsense.
* The Greens who sell a mix of environmentalism and 1960's style socialism. As the UK tried that and left it behind, this is not a recipe for success.
So basically the Tories won by default, on the grounds that they were the only party that seemed able to pick a policy of "spending that matches tax revenue" and stick to it. People tend to care about the economy above all else and Cameron, despite his dumbfounding lack of technical knowhow, is actually the most competent of a sorry lot.
Therefore I would not read much into the election of Cameron from the perspective of civil liberties. Whilst some undoubtably agree with his position, as the UK Government tends to be much more trusted by its citizens than the US Government is, encryption and intelligence matters weren't even mentioned during the election campaign - it's an area politicians have simply decided is outside the realm of the democratic system.
@_date: 2015-07-08 14:03:17
CPFP doesn't make double spending easier. If Eligius works as you say, then it's performing what is effectively "full RBF" and ignoring the chronological ordering of transactions. That would be bad.
FSS RBF is OK, but it still can cause problems that existing wallets are not prepared for. CPFP doesn't affect older wallet code at all. It's the preferable solution, in my eyes.
@_date: 2015-07-07 19:35:05
It's to do with the signature hash function. Each input requires hashing the entire transaction. 
Note that the 8mb block size fork will impose a 100kb max tx size by consensus rule for this reason, until a new sighash function is designed that resolves this problem.
@_date: 2015-08-25 17:23:54
It can be, yes.
It's worth noting that you can do something very similar today with Bitcoin already using threshold ECDSA:
@_date: 2015-08-07 10:21:53
Yes, I agree. The clean slate aspect of Bitcoin is its biggest appeal and biggest challenge.
@_date: 2015-07-23 10:31:40
Yes, you're right. The fact that a manifesto is apparently needed is silly. The white paper should be all we need. But it seems founding visions can fade with time.
@_date: 2015-07-08 09:36:19
The capacity cliff article talks about what happens when demand exceeds supply for long enough to cause problems, which is apparently (and fortunately!) longer than a few hours.
I wasn't awake for this spam attack, but I note that the total transaction backlog seems to have grown overnight whilst I was sleeping. So Bitcoin still has a serious problem. The network is full and the backlog of transactions in the memory pool is growing, not shrinking. Tradeblock claims the memory pool is 50mb. Not too bad. But if it keeps growing, and we start to get into more like 100mb-150mb territory, there's a risk some marginal nodes will start to enter swap hell or crash. That risk is fundamental: if you keep cramming data into an app that has no limits, it will run out of memory and may either degrade significantly (with swap) or just die. No way around it.
@_date: 2015-07-23 12:46:46
Relatively new? They were in the very first release of the software. My first ever Bitcoin transaction in April 2009 was using an address, as myself and Satoshi were not online at the same time.
The Bitcoin white paper does indeed miss out many important details of how it works in practice. However, last time I checked, so does the Lightning paper. Perhaps the new version covers such issues.
@_date: 2015-07-18 10:12:25


One of the problems is this. You receive a transaction from a source you trust, and respend it somewhere else before it confirms e.g. to a cold wallet of yours.
The sender then does a FSS-RBF to bump the fee. However your respend is now invalid and thus the money never makes it to your cold wallet. Your own wallet cannot know this until it's started once again and sees the double spend has occurred. Then it must recreate the second transaction and try again. This continues in a chain.
I'm sure your answer to this will be "never respend unconfirmed transactions even if you trust the sender to not defraud you", and you are welcome to implement those sort of user-unfriendly policies in your own wallet if one day you get around to making one.


Ultimately it's receivers who care about confirmations, not senders, as the senders "know" that they are themselves trustworthy.
As an additional consideration, it also requires more code to implement FSS-RBF in wallets.
@_date: 2015-07-07 20:58:42
Yes, obviously.
@_date: 2015-07-22 10:49:53
Gavin also has commit access to XT.
@_date: 2015-07-24 11:20:00


Actually when Bitcoin was new and I first used it, all transactions were free. The need to attach a fee to every transaction is something that came in later, firstly as a quick hack and later because changing it became "controversial".
@_date: 2015-08-06 18:51:23
No, they did not. You should read the original documents rather than stories by a magazine that wants to sell outrage.
The teller windows are sized to take cash boxes. The cash was declared as having come from Mexican remittance companies, so the heavy flows of cash were to be expected.
Do you really think people were rocking up to banks with boxes helpfully labelled "DRUG CASH"? That is what the US Gov and media would have liked people to believe, but if you dig into the details you will find it isn't so.
@_date: 2015-07-02 10:48:32




@_date: 2015-07-07 20:57:25
Gavin already said he intends to write a different BIP for that change.
@_date: 2015-07-08 17:05:40
I am starting to take a look at how to prioritise legit user transactions above DoS transactions.
But realistically, that's hard. Bitcoin by design provides very little info in transactions. The best defence against this is to make it as expensive as possible, by increasing the block size limit. Which of course I am working on as well.
@_date: 2015-07-09 09:38:39
It doesn't quite work like that. Queuing theory is a bit unintuitive. There's a description of what can actually happen here:
   
The problem is that picking a fee is an action that happens at a specific point in time, but the fee required is a continuously moving variable. Put another way you may pick a fee you think is sufficient, and then half an hour later someone else is paying more than you are and your transaction gets kicked out. 
That doesn't happen today because Bitcoin tries hard to never forget any valid transaction, no matter how useless it may seem. The memory pool is unlimited in size. However, that is itself another DoS vector, as being demonstrated by this attack (my mempool is now over 100mb according to RPC and my main bitcoind node is now using about 2 gigs of memory). So when that is fixed, it creates this new problem.
@_date: 2015-07-31 15:10:15
Windows XP is unsupported. You aren't getting security updates and quite possibly have a virus on it, which can destabilise things, or some other issue to do with it being abandoned by Microsoft.
@_date: 2015-07-22 11:22:11
We're working on it (8mb+) already. The delay is not due to indecisiveness but is rather for technical reasons, as the code is being tested and tweaked.
@_date: 2015-07-09 15:33:01


Assuming the attacker doesn't simply outspend lots of users. Apparently we now have attackers willing to burn large sums of money for no real reason. As fees rise, we lose real users - sometimes for good. "Users simply pay more" is not a particularly great solution to the problem of malicious DoS attackers, though it may be the quickest one to implement at the moment.
Consider the analogous problem of email filtering. Your attention is a limited resource. You cannot read an infinitely large mailbox. Hence: spam filtering. Now imagine that the solution to spam had been micropayments, aka "good users simply pay more". Unfortunately some spammers can be highly profitable. Whereas your grandma sending pictures of your nephews probably doesn't want to pay a lot of money. Given the choice, she would just wait until your next visit.
So in practice nobody prioritises mail by how much money the sender was willing to spend, even if it would be possible. Imagine the condemnation if Google announced it would let anyone pay to get past the spam filter!
Now for Bitcoin we have this nice micropayment mechanism in the form of transaction fees. And it's good that we have this. But it's probably not a silver bullet. 


I have been using Bitcoin for years. I have, so far, never encountered a situation where I sent money to someone as part of trading with them and it did not eventually confirm. Of course some people, somewhere have encountered this, typically those doing interesting things with the protocol. But average users don't complain about this.
I think we are vigorously agreeing without realising it. I know how the system works. Regardless, to ensure that a transaction stays at a particular place in the queue requires a wallet that's constantly connecting to the network to figure out if the fee it paid is still sufficient, for which there is currently no protocol, and then attempting to bump its own fee if it falls down the queue, and that may in turn (if not using CPFP) invalidate any spends created by whoever the money was sent to, and all this is a very significant new chunk of functionality and complexity. 
How does it play with wallet encryption, for example? Presumably the signing keys for your transaction have to be kept unencrypted on disk until the transaction confirms, in case it must be resigned with a higher fee.
What about the user interface? The user must specify their time/fee preferences via some UI. In an out-of-capacity situation everyone's wallets are fighting and constantly incrementing their fee a little bit to try and incrementally reveal the next guy in line's preferences.
When Bitcoin is not full, it's unnecessary. As evidenced by the fact that no wallet developer has actually done any of this. Wallet complexity is a real issue that cannot just be handwaved away.
@_date: 2015-07-02 10:38:30
I think the simplest explanation is probably the right one: Cameron very rarely thinks about encryption or technology at all, and when forced to say something on the topic just picks whatever pops into his head.
I doubt his statement reflects any well thought out policy position at all. It just reflects his view that governments are the good guys, and so there's no moral justification for them not having the power they want or need. It's a classically conservative perspective.
@_date: 2015-07-07 09:33:46


You are correct.
[I have pointed out the risks of soft forks in the past]( Often it seems like I'm the only one who has been arguing for hard forks: for *exactly* this sort of reason.
If there was a hard fork, the BTC Nuggets pool would have been split onto a much lower work chain and these Chinese miners would have continued to build on the correct chain (eventually). So this problem would not have occurred more than once. SPV clients would be protected and older Core's would have effectively stopped processing the chain (or only getting a block very rarely).
In fairness to Pieter, doing BIP66 as a hard fork would have required manually forcing it via e.g. invalid opcodes in the coinbase, as unfortunately the version field is not a consensus rule so there's no built-in way to tell old nodes "stop mining, you are out of date". So the code would have been a bit more complex.
Additionally, "miners who don't validate" isn't something we should really be designing for. Miners who don't validate transactions are effectively getting paid by us all for work they are not doing, and that's a problem no matter how a rollout is designed.
Still the point stands - if BIP66 was a hard fork then SPV wallets and obsolete Cores would be much safer than they are now. And this has been clear for a long time.
@_date: 2015-07-16 15:30:43


It's not common these days but it used to be a standard way to write HTML in the 1990's. As Nick's article dates from 1994 it's no surprise to see it there. Seeing it in Satoshi's HTML is less expected but what this says is that he learned his craft a long time ago and didn't really keep his skills up to date. This is not news - the Bitcoin 0.1 source code is a grand testament to that (Windows only, no unit tests, Hungarian notation, code randomly splatted around everywhere etc).
@_date: 2015-07-24 10:53:23
Hi Yumein,
Thanks for your enthusiasm! The best place for such discussions is the Bitcoin XT mailing list as it's guaranteed that I will see things there. On Reddit, not so much.
On your specific suggestions:


I understand what you're getting at, but economists can't do much with git access as they are not programmers. Additionally most mainstream economists do not really follow the Austrian school as Satoshi seemed to: they mostly seem to think Keynesian stimulus is a great idea, and that's not really compatible with Bitcoin's monetary policy.
What you actually want is someone who will keep developers grounded in reality, user focused, etc. And this is a common need. In Silicon Valley these people are called product managers. They are meant to be technical enough to understand what's possible, not be bamboozled by developers etc, but not to do the programming themselves. And they get to tell the programmers what to do. Their goal is to think about what users want, need and how the user experience should be ("UX" is a vague term that encompasses what the user interface looks like but also things like how notifications work, what features are in and what are fluff, etc).
Bitcoin does not have a product manager. In the early days Satoshi was that guy. I have a bit of product management experience from when I worked on consumer products at Google, but if the right person turned up with good suggestions and the right experience, then I'd be happy to listen to them (not always obey though!).


Again I see where you're coming from, but there are practical issues. One is that nobody can tell volunteers what to do (as we are seeing currently). A robust way to poll the userbase would certainly help ground arguments and provide useful data for decision making, but it's hard to know how exactly it would work on a technical level. Proof of stake might be one way to go but there are lots of technical issues (cold wallets, multisig wallets, wallets that don't implement the voting feature etc).


Yes, XT will have a manifesto once the new release is done.


This has been on the wishlist for a long time. But it's not really clear in the long run if it's best to do this, or if it's best to point users towards competing lightweight wallets like MultiBit. Competing wallets have many features beyond lightness, features like exchange rates support, TREZOR support, multisig, deterministic wallets, online help, note taking ability, address books, etc. So it might be best to just direct users elsewhere if they want a wallet, and focus scarce developer resources on the P2P node aspect.
@_date: 2015-07-22 14:03:29


People who don't think clearly routinely label anything they don't like as "censorship" or "centralisation", because they know it's a trigger word for a lot of bitcoiners. That doesn't mean they have a point.
If some people want to be jerks, they can go make a fork of the project where they can flame each other all day. No big deal. If our definition of jerk is unreasonable then productive people will get annoyed at being unable to express themselves and go elsewhere.
In practice, it shouldn't be a problem to find a good balance. I've been involved with open source for 15 years, created successful communities from scratch more than once, and did technical management when I was at Google. I'm not going to be a nazi about this: just having such a policy in place is normally enough to set expectations and avoid the worst personal attacks.
The alternative is you end up with the situation Core has, which you already agreed is a big problem.
Something else to consider: it's not only me that wants a calmer working environment. Gavin and Jeff are both frustrated with Core too.
@_date: 2015-07-07 20:58:09
With another value. For each scriptSig being signed/checked, all the scriptSigs change each time.
@_date: 2015-07-18 10:00:00


How? I asked for an example of a modern program written in the style that Bitcoin 0.1 was written in, and you haven't provided one. The fldigi example is confusing: you say it's vintage and looks like Bitcoin's code, except worse. How does that support your point?
Yes, Bitcoin makes heavier use of the STL than some 90s Win32 programs did, but the STL was standardised in 1994. Using it does not make a codebase modern. And has *anyone* used Hungarian notation in the last decade or so in a new code base? If so I have never encountered such a program. The number of people doing it must be in the low hundreds, tops.


It's an entirely normal style guide that makes similar recommendations as those for other large C++ codebases, e.g. banning exceptions. I don't know of anything that makes it especially unusual or opinionated. Specific examples would be interesting.
@_date: 2015-07-22 10:49:00
Once XT 0.11A is launched (which will include the biggerblocks patchset by Gavin and myself), there will be a separate git branch that is Core 0.11 + only those patches and nothing else.
Whilst we won't provide downloadable binaries of that branch, anyone who wants to can just compile it in the usual manner and get what you're asking for.
This seems like a reasonable compromise: if someone else wants to create binaries of this branch they are welcome to do so, but rebranding, gitian building and signing downloads for all 3 platforms is a lot of work and I don't want to do it over and over again for different combinations of patches.
One last thing I'd like to say:


If you're wanting bigger blocks, you are already on board with a change that is considered so controversial it must not happen, according to the Bitcoin Core developers. So you may wish to think about what "controversial" actually means, who gets to label something as "controversial" and how much you care about their opinions.
One of the things we've been working on that will also launch with the new XT is a manifesto that lays out principles we consider to be important. These are how XT differentiates itself from Core. The other changes in XT all follow those principles, so you can read them and evaluate whether you believe those principles are controversial or common sense. If you believe the latter, you should have no worries about the other patches.
@_date: 2015-07-22 10:50:26
My position is this: 8mb is pretty arbitrary, but so is 20mb. The important thing is that it's high enough. If 8mb works better for Chinese miners then that's cool by me.
@_date: 2015-07-27 14:44:42
SPV + encrypted/authd connection to your own full node is equivalent, security wise.
@_date: 2015-04-21 15:19:27
Technically the laws are applicable to US companies. It's just that everyone ignores them knowing they cannot be enforced.
@_date: 2015-04-29 19:54:09
Example of what it looks like:
@_date: 2015-04-26 12:46:03
Ouch. Another strike for Javascript. I think that's now something three major [potential] losses due to the weak JS type system :(
@_date: 2015-04-23 14:15:49
I have some ideas for how to address this problem. I'm busy right now with shipping the next update to the Lighthouse app and the next version of bitcoinj, but I'll write about some of my plans afterwards.
@_date: 2015-04-21 12:11:49


For what it's worth, whilst I love lightlist.io, I implemented Lighthouse as a regular downloadable app rather than a web app for some fairly (imo) good reasons, this being one of them. "Just save your revoke link" is a pretty big caveat.
I realise that people like instant gratification and don't like downloading things, so let me briefly repeat why I implemented Lighthouse as a desktop app.
A UX that *requires* bookmarking a link without clicking it is odd and some users will forget to save their revoke link, or they'll lose the link, or they'll do it wrong. Then if the project never completes the money is effectively destroyed.
It's common for browsers like Chrome to back up bookmarks to a server side account. That's reasonable because bookmarks never normally contain sensitive information beyond which sites you like. Storing actual money in a bookmark changes things quite significantly and means people who are known to have used lightlist.io might have their Google accounts attacked in order to obtain access to the bookmark storage. The anti-hacking systems I designed when I worked for Google can fend off large scale automated attacks, but focused human driven attacks are much harder to solve (2SV is a good idea: use it).
Additionally, as lightlist.io is effectively creating wallets for people on the fly in the browser, they may come under attack from malware and bogus browser extensions that simply steal the pledged money. Wallet stealing malware is a common problem in the Bitcoin space. Well, they could implement password protection as Lighthouse does, but a Javascript version of scrypt will be far slower than native code so the encryption won't be anywhere near as strong.
Then they have the issue that web sites are often easily hackable. They're rendering user-generated content on the same origin that's generating and storing private keys. If there's an XSS exploit then (again) people's money can be stolen. Or if the server is exploited it can serve bad code to people that steals their funds.
Every issue I listed above has a potential resolution, but as you add features to solve problems like this ...... eventually you end up making a regular wallet.
So by all means, please do make small pledges via lightlist.io and enjoy the convenience of their service. But if you're considering pledging a large amount of money I'd suggest using the app. It's not perfect and some of its solutions to the above listed problems are only partially complete, but the roadmap is in place to solve them all.
@_date: 2015-04-02 09:52:59
"Frozen" assets are seized by the Treasury, in the USA.
@_date: 2015-09-30 13:47:40
No, for the same reason I didn't go to the conference in Montreal. These things are just theatre. 
If you doubt this, consider that the entire purpose of the first conference was to "define scaling requirements" and yet no requirements document was produced. This was exactly what I expected and predicted.
Also consider that there is no need for any conferences. Email works fine. The underlying issue is not that email+videochat somehow don't work for technical decision making; it worked OK for a long time when Gavin was maintainer of Core and worked fine when I was at Google. The actual underlying issue is that key people have wildly differing visions for what Bitcoin should be and how disagreements should be resolved. That isn't something that can be fixed by flying people around a lot. It's fundamental.
@_date: 2015-09-02 18:22:20
One reason I suggested the name Bitcoin Core (I named it that) was to try and make the term Core Dev meaningful. But I never really liked it, I always found it a bit exclusional. Plus people used to ask me if I'm a "core developer" and I never knew what to say.
@_date: 2015-04-10 13:21:24
Older women?
No offence but that's a red flag right there. Have you tried camping your ATM to ask why people are buying those coins?
I am worried that if your customer base is really skewed in that direction they may be buying coins to pay CryptoLocker ransoms.
@_date: 2015-04-05 17:42:44
"It's the fault of tax evaders/avoiders" is the cry of every government that can't pay its bills. The UK is going through the same thing. The article mentions that no actual proof of tax evasion would be required, just suspicion.
Now, this is ZeroHedge after all. I'd take it all with a pinch of salt. But it sounds like the kind of thing they would consider doing given how desperate the corner Greece backed itself into is. Bear in mind that their backup plan of exiting the Euro boils down to confiscation of people's bank accounts via inflation anyway, so it's not a big conceptual leap to get their European neighbours to just short circuit the process. That way they can tell Greek voters who don't want to see a return to the Drachma that they're "winning".
I wish Bitcoin wallets and software were more frequently translated into Greek. Bitcoin Wallet for Android is only about 60% translated.
@_date: 2015-04-16 13:11:32
@_date: 2015-04-15 18:09:36
I have been investigating your problem - it's a bug that I introduced, so my bad. I've fixed part of it but want to study the issue further to see if it has had any other impacts. 
I've been busy with the DevCore event today but I will push an update to fix the issue ASAP. Really sorry for the inconvenience. Your money is safe: it's just a UI state issue.
@_date: 2015-09-06 19:00:20
Since 2011 the software got a lot more optimised. The capacity one machine can handle went up a lot. Also, it became clear that Bitcoin isn't going to handle millions of transactions per second (most likely, ever). Even VISA doesn't do that much. So people started using more realistic targets. I remember in 2011 Bitcoin was growing so fast Gavin was worried that we'd need specially optimised proxies for SPV/mobile clients, because there'd be so many. Well, in the end Bitcoin didn't grow anywhere near as fast as that.
@_date: 2015-04-10 13:30:55
I think you underestimate the lead times on these sorts of projects.
Contactless may seem like a very recent and fast innovation to you now, but the rollout started in 2006. The specifications and research pre-dated that by a long way, of course.
The first contactless card was issued by Barclays in 2008 - before Bitcoin 0.1 was even released to the public.
That said, yes, contactless payments are pretty cool when they work and if you're physically present. I hope one day Bitcoin will do something similar.
Sorry to hear about your investment. Bitcoin is an experiment rather than an investment, but I think you knew that already.
@_date: 2015-09-28 16:09:55
I did try and explain this before.
The issue with SPV wallets was described in this post by ganesha1024:
In a soft fork, miner nodes can make invalid blocks that are build on top of the current main chain, because they don't realise that the rules have changed (there isn't a single clean split point like with a hard fork). So they can include transactions that are rejected under the new rules.
What happens then? Well, upgraded nodes ignore the block and eventually the miner majority will build a replacement block at the same height. The old invalid block will become invalidated and the miner loses the income.
The problem is that users will have seen in their wallets that a possibly invalid transaction got one confirm. If unlucky and if a lot of hashpower hasn't upgraded, you might even see an invalid transaction get two or three confirms before eventually the network fixes itself.
Obviously, SPV users have learned to consider confirmed transactions as pretty safe, because they normally are. Soft forks invalidate this hard won experience and thus open users up to the risk of payment fraud. 
In a hard fork, there's a single, clean split point. All the blocks made by old miners accumulate on the minority hashpower chain and SPV wallets know how to ignore it, because the SPV algorithm involves finding the highest work chain and following it. So miners won't accidentally make blocks that look to SPV wallets like they should be valid but actually aren't.
NB: after all miners have upgraded the difference between soft and hard fork stops mattering, except that soft forks often result in weirder scripts being used due to the desire to trick old nodes into accepting transactions regardless of validity.
@_date: 2015-09-21 17:50:31
Client only mode is what is now called SPV mode. It's been implemented for years. Go grab any SPV wallet (MultiBit, Bitcoin Wallet for Android, BreadWallet, etc) and there you go.
@_date: 2015-04-23 14:52:22
If the site could give me assurances that it's not just a front for a carding gang I'd probably use it, as the 20% discount is otherwise inexplicable. I go to Starbucks a lot.
I noticed their site requests users to provide a refund address manually. Why not support the payment protocol? Then some wallets will provide a refund address to you for free.
@_date: 2015-09-02 10:25:00
If you run a full (XT) node on the same computer as Lighthouse, it'll use that. Otherwise it uses the P2P network.
@_date: 2015-09-28 21:31:22
Because it's not correct. As judah_mu points out, I have written an entire article explaining why not.
@_date: 2015-09-04 13:36:09
I urge you to reconsider your position - your understanding of how the law works is deeply flawed.
In computer abuse law the technical details of what you do matters very little compared to intent. A judge and jury isn't going to care that you paid transaction fees. They will use logic like this:
1) Did you intend to cause disruption?
2) Did you try and do so via technical means?
Yes? Then guilty.
Right now you are a prosecutors wet dream; you literally announced to the whole world via the media that you intend to make enormous numbers of transactions that have no business purpose purely to create a huge backlog, specifically to render many wallet programs "worthless". You practically wrote your own arrest warrant: criminal intent just doesn't get any clearer.
Bitcoin Core is simply not designed to handle transaction overflows. It doesn't even order transactions by fee at the moment, so if you go ahead and do this attack anyway you won't incentivise users to just raise their own fees. Instead you will give the entire VC-backed Bitcoin industry a massive financial incentive to find you and make an example of you.
We know that the address on your website is fake but consider this: you have a large footprint. You have a website, have been talking to the media, have been posting to reddit and are running Bitcoin nodes on the network. If you have made just *one* mistake that means people can find you, and if you live in a part of the world with a non-joke legal system, then you are very possibly **going to end up in prison**. You can't argue your way out of it as you seem to think you can.
And the sad thing is, you aren't even going to advance the argument by doing this. Everyone knows Bitcoin doesn't have enough capacity already. Simply demonstrating that won't change any minds at this point, people will just dig in further.
@_date: 2015-04-27 13:47:47
Because that would entail revealing how abusers got caught. For a dispute like this it's obvious what happened - one side or the other freaked out, both sides hit the report abuse button and some human had to make the call. Perhaps they were biased against men or whatever, who knows.
But I promise you that in the vast majority of cases the terminations will be for things like Nigerian scamming. Unfortunately in these cases:
1. Telling the scammers how they got caught means they change strategies
2. It's common for them to try and socially engineer any appeals process in place.
One of the problems my team at Google faced was scammers attempting to game the termination appeals process by filing fraudulent appeals. We had to do some work to help the support team spot attempts to socially engineer them. If it was all outsourced to a third party and they aren't on the ball about that stuff - well, from the POV of the company it's all downside and no upside. They aren't losing users to the competition because of overaggressive terminations, so there's no incentive for them to introduce a third party.
@_date: 2015-04-18 13:14:11
Wow, thanks guys! Seeing this is a really nice birthday gift. Sometimes it's the appreciation from strangers that is the most significant, you know :)
@_date: 2015-09-02 11:10:21
There's a lot of confusion out there amongst some of the things I've suggested, unfortunately no matter how hard I try to explain things clearly, sometimes people get a garbled understanding.
I'll try once again.


Bitcoin itself promotes individual freedom: the freedom to own your own money, spend it as you see fit, freedom from "the arbitrary inflation of central banks" to quote Satoshi's original Bitcoin website. If I didn't care about the tremendous political benefits Bitcoin can provide I wouldn't be working on it.
But here's the snag. A system of absolute ideological purity that nobody uses increases total freedom by zero. It's *extremely easy* for people to demand ever more extreme designs that compromise usability, everyday utility, performance, whatever ... and then demonize anyone who points out that those things also matter.
This is exactly how early cypherpunks failed. They made software that was undoubtably very secure, if only anyone could figure out how to use it. But hardly anybody did, and so in the end their work made no real difference to global privacy.
I spend most of my time working on usability and adoption of Bitcoin because it's a currency, that means it's got network effects. The more people who use it, the more useful it becomes. There are plenty of people out there who are perfectly happy with their current levels of financial privacy. They pay with cards when they have the option of paying with cash, etc, because they value other things more highly. If those people also use and accept Bitcoin, then that can only be a good thing for other people who have different priorities.
Some people, especially on reddit, are looking for a tribal fight. They want to see themselves as Defenders of the Realm, purging people who are insufficiently pure from the movement. So I accept that a focus on pragmatic adoption by the mainstream will always result in bizarre conspiracy theories and such (acceptance doesn't make those people smart or reasonable though).


A 51% coalition of miners can already destroy the reward for any block by just orphaning it. The protocol lets them do that today, it can't be helped, it's inherent in how Bitcoin works. So the authorities can already pressure miners to do this.
WRT your last quoted paragraph about Tor+proofs of passport. It says I've "tried to slant this other ways" but the writer clearly hasn't understood the presentation *at all*. Then he/she got confused and concluded the opposite of reality, then decided it must be because I'm a bad person. This is a common problem. Try going back and watching it again.
The goal of a PoP is to present an *anonymous* proof that you own something difficult to forge. This is to solve the problem of DoS attacks in anonymous networks by allowing a malicious P2P node to be banned even when there's no IP address or other token that is somewhat hard to obtain. So I presented the idea of creating an entirely anonymized digest of a passport, because those are hard to forge in large numbers. But it's a private system, your legal name etc are not sent anywhere.
@_date: 2015-04-27 12:30:40
There are some stats here: 
You may dispute the numbers, if you like (hah, ironic). It may be that those numbers are incorrect. If so please cite better data.
By the way, chargebacks are primarily a USA thing. In the UK there are laws restricting chargebacks to small purchases only and in many other parts of the world it's even harder to charge back. One problem with the American system is it leaves merchants very open to "friendly fraud" where buyers fraudulently file chargebacks. That's why there's a dispute resolution process in the first place - not every request for a refund is valid. If there was no such process then you could effectively get everything for free, just charge back every transaction. Obviously, banks do impose some controls on it, even if it's very biased against the merchant.
@_date: 2015-04-21 22:31:53
Windows development is not particularly difficult and in many ways is easier than UNIX development. However if you are not familiar with it and especially if you try to use UNIX toolchains then it obviously will be a lot harder. Would you try to make a Linux app with Visual Studio and require your users to install Wine? No? Yet trying to use tools of UNIX origin like Cygwin and Python on Windows is something I see people try all the time.
I did a lot of Windows development in the 1990s. Basic things that worked well and were taken for granted back then have sort of been lost in recent years. It's a pity.
@_date: 2015-09-03 17:34:53
Gregory, I am continually amazed at how manipulative you have become over time.
The March 2013 chain fork was caused by bugs in the BDB code which nobody knew were there. Those bugs were resolved by the work I did to switch us to LevelDB.
Larger blocks had been mined successfully before that point, so there was no reason to suspect anything might go wrong as the issues were not a simple relation to larger blocks. 
But the real reason I find myself disgusted by this kind of post is you are AGAIN trying to manipulate people into believing that Gavin and I are insufficiently careful (implication: unlike yourself). You are doing it by omitting critical facts in the hope that readers who don't know them already come to believe you, and I am sick of it.
There is a post mortem by Gavin that explains that incident. The resolution of the root cause was this: everyone upgrades to the version of Bitcoin that included my LevelDB work.
@_date: 2015-09-05 14:27:12
Hi, yes I did read the announcement blog posts. I heard before Blockstream formally launched that some investments were being made in core development via a new startup - that's what I'm referring to.


I guess that's the source of our different perspectives.
I consider the core infrastructure of the Bitcoin project to be things like the P2P network, the wallets, the tools and processes to support and monitor that network and so on.
Side chains, whilst an intriguing project, has some obvious and fairly severe deployment/usability problems that make me skeptical that it will ever really work well:
* Side chains are essentially alt coins pegged to the value of BTC. If you have some BTC and want to buy something from a merchant that only accepts a SideCoin, you must know that and then move your coins across. And by that I mean, your wallet must do it because the user doesn't care about *how* any given feature is implemented. They just want to buy or sell something priced in BTC. So your wallet has to find a cross-chain trader somehow, and make the trade, and presumably pay fees for that, and then make the payment on the side chain, and ideally this all has to happen very fast and invisibly.
* If your money is currently on a side chain and you find a merchant who doesn't support that chain, you need to move it back onto the main bitcoin block chain. Same problem.
* If you would like two features that are implemented in two different side chains you can't have that. You have to pick where your money is. But remember, users don't care about or likely even know about side chains. They just want their stuff to work. Explaining why some features are mutually exclusive with each other or which seem to randomly work/not work depending on who you're trading with is an extremely hard UX design problem (read: the user interfaces will probably be confusing and suck)
You seem to think that freezing the Bitcoin block chain and doing feature upgrades on side chains is a technical no brainer. I see it as a highly speculative experiment that's very likely to yield poor results if side chains are expected to be used by ordinary end users, thus being no replacement for actually adding features to the main Bitcoin block chain. Side chains might prove a useful half-way point between the existing test net and main block chain but I can't see it being more than that.
It's for these reasons I do not consider side chains in any way "core development", no moreso than I would consider my experiments with smart contracts apps "core development". They're cool lines of research that are worth exploring, in the full knowledge and expectation that they may not work out.


That's circular. Developers who were not happy with the current development approach are unhappy because they have largely been marginalised, had their work rejected and generally told to go away. So - surprise - they don't have many recent commits in Core. Notice that Gavin, Jeff and myself have been working on Bitcoin longer than every Blockstream employee and none of us signed the open letter.


Nobody urged Blockstream to fund Lightning. They did so because people were saying to them "if you aren't going to support a block size increase, what is your proposed solution?" and that is the one they picked. That doesn't mean the community actually agrees with them that it's a better solution.
Please read Rusty Russell's blog post about the requirements for a Lightning Network to even *exist*, let alone be better than ordinary Bitcoin or credit cards:
Rusty is the Blockstream employee paid to develop LN. The list of work items he gives is HUGE. If you aren't an engineer it may be tempting to just blow that off and think "no biggie, it's just money", but every new thing that needs to be built adds technical risk and - of course - new things that need to be decentralised somehow.
It is deeply unclear to many people who have real-world experience building Bitcoin software that the LN idea will be usable any time soon, and if/when it becomes usable, whether it will work well or whether the tradeoffs it makes will render it worse than what we have now.


They are ways to move money back and forth between the block chain and into alternative systems. That's a neat and useful trick, regardless, it doesn't change the basic reality end users will perceive: they will walk up to a Bitcoin ATM, attempt to buy some money with it, and then discover their phone and the device don't talk to each other because one is expecting money on side-chain-of-the-day, or on a Lightning Network node, and the other is just running plain old Bitcoin.
That means they are not enhancements to the Bitcoin protocol, they are parallel systems that interop with it.


No other company is operating under bizarre assumptions like the Bitcoin network being unchangeable, or that Bitcoin can't possibly scale. Bitcoin has been changed in the past and showing that the tech could scale was something a lot of people did a lot of work on years ago: heck, it was the very first design question Satoshi was ever asked.
So they are solving problems they are creating entirely by themselves, much to the dismay of other long term participants in the Bitcoin ecosystem. Just look at [the open letter written in support of BIP 101]( by some of Bitcoin's top infrastructure providers. That's why Blockstream appear to be unique: they are solving self-created problems that other companies don't even agree exist.
@_date: 2015-04-30 08:46:32
No, not directly. It's built on bitcoinj though, which is the primary Bitcoin codebase I've written and which I maintain.
@_date: 2015-04-11 17:19:07
That's fantastic. Thanks for setting my mind at ease.
@_date: 2015-04-27 13:40:01
Only if you claim your card details were compromised. If you keep doing this repeatedly over and above the general fraud rate, they will get suspicious.
However, I am very much looking forward to Bitcoin purchases being cheaper because of better and fairer dispute mediation systems, once those are built and integrated into wallets.
@_date: 2015-04-20 11:32:26
I love WhatsApp but it's very limited, API wise. The big problem is you can't send files unless they're images or movies or audio. It's tough to send payment information that way. You could do something very basic like, "send your bitcoin address to a contact" but that's about it.
The easiest way to do this is probably to have a Subspace style network, so a flexible payment request can be sent around in the form of an https link.
@_date: 2015-09-29 17:13:57
Your colleagues that have been desperately trying to create a "fee market" by ensuring capacity exhaustion would disagree with the second.
@_date: 2015-09-02 10:02:04
I wasn't asked to sign it. The first time I saw it was today.
Regardless, now I've read it, the letter contains a few statements I would have found it tough to agree with.
It refers to "the consensus building process". There is no such process. This point has been hammered home over and over again by now, but unfortunately, the Bitcoin Core developers seem to be in denial about it. Whenever we ask somebody to write down this process or tell us what it is, most of them go silent and Adam points to "BIP 1", which doesn't specify any decision making process or means for resolving disagreement. It suggests a continuation of the mentality that every decision has one clearly correct answer on which literally everyone can agree if only there is enough time spent talking. That's clearly not the case here.
I'm honestly not sure what else I can do at this point. The Core developers continue to insist that they have some deeply scientific, academic and professional decision making process. They just won't say what it is. They will say, though, "give it more time".
It says:


This *sounds* fantastic - there is an _existing process_ and the workshops will support that process.
But this just continues to reflect confusion around what these workshops are actually intended to do. The website FAQ says:




Additionally it says governance will not be discussed.
So we have a project that has no formal process (or even an informal one really), yet claims the workshops will help support that process, whilst simultaneously saying that the workshops won't involve any decision making or governance discussion.
I find this to be a rather inconsistent approach.
The final statement I'd disagree with is this one:


The process that served Bitcoin well to date was Satoshi being maintainer, and then Gavin. That was the case up until April of last year. Lots of people really don't like this idea because it sounds so fragile, but for most of Bitcoin's history technical disputes were resolved through Gavin making proposals, listening to feedback and then making a decision in reasonable amounts of time. Bitcoin was *not* being served by this non-existent fairy tale process that the existing Bitcoin Core guys want so badly to believe in.
@_date: 2015-09-08 20:38:52
There's a transcript here:
I believe this dialogue sort of sums up the problem in the Bitcoin Core project. Brian asks, I think, six times, how decisions can be reached when there isn't total agreement. I counted ~~six~~ seven times. And he asked so many times because he never really got an answer.
It's obvious that things would be a lot easier if everyone always agreed. Everyone knows that. It'd be great. We actually never had that though, ever. There was always dissent. Satoshi and Gavin kept a lid on it for a while, and now Wladimir isn't doing that anymore we have these problems. I am really not the first person to propose having someone who decides for a specific software project. It's actually just the way things have always been in every software project.
Adam says that to have a single decider would result in huge pressure, maybe blackmail, etc. I think he overestimates how interesting the obscure details of ordering transactions in time is. We actually did have a single decider for most of Bitcoin's history and I don't recall these things ever being a problem. Because, you know, that's what the purpose of being able to fork is. Ensuring that nobody is actually worth blackmailing or pressuring because they can always just walk away, or do something stupid and then nobody uses their software any more.
Additionally the same arguments could be made for lots of things, like the Linux kernel. It has direct access to lots of important private keys. What stops Linus being blackmailed? Well, his work is still peer reviewed of course, and people can fork. That's what stops it.
That is what's so dangerous about all this anti-software-forking rhetoric. People mean well, but they don't seem able to see that they're breaking the most important safety valve Bitcoin has. Because of all the rhetoric people have been getting it in their heads that anything other than Core is dangerous, morally wrong, not Bitcoin, a "coup", an "attack on the network" to give Gregory's view. And then, of course, that really does make Wladimir a potential target of pressure, because people will just follow whatever he releases blindly. Not a great situation for anyone.
@_date: 2015-09-29 12:40:10
Because "UTXO set" means nothing to people who haven't seen the term before and the term "ledger" does. It's clearer that way.
If someone thinks ledger and blockchain are synonyms then they need to be corrected as their understanding of the system is clearly faulty.
@_date: 2015-09-29 17:35:44
Most Bitcoin users don't run full nodes, so that would not be a plain reading of what I said.
It's not a matter of tradeoffs: the idea that the community has to pick between decentralisation and growth is an entirely false choice. Do the sums, look at how fast computers are, and pick some realistic traffic growth rates. It just wouldn't be an issue ever.
@_date: 2015-09-07 21:00:02
Hmm, would have more thoughts on that. It was his decision to use the version bits stuff. I guess for BIP101 we wouldn't have used any timeout though. The two week delay is something I quibbled with in BIP 101 - it seems short - but it wasn't worth arguing over.
@_date: 2015-04-30 09:21:22
Take localbitcoins.com:
* Bitcoin is deposited into their bitcoin wallets
* Fiat can be deposited into a company like OKPay for trading  (or sent via any other means)
The first step opens up localbitcoins to hacking and theft, but is needed, because you cannot swap bitcoins and other currencies atomically. So there is always potential for a dispute.
The idea here is that:
* Bitcoin is never deposited with a third party, and moves only via the block chain
* Fiat is deposited into OKPay that allows for small, fast, irreversible payments between wallets
Now you transfer your funds in chunks, exploiting the fact that both the block chain and OKPay have APIs and can do small/fast/irreversible transfers. If there is a security deposit in place then as long as the transfer chunks are smaller it doesn't make sense to try and commit fraud.
It's a novel approach. We shall have to wait and see how well it works. It seems rather dependent on OKPay but that's not inherent - any way to transfer fiat in chunks that can be controlled by the app would work. Unfortunately direct wire transfers don't qualify as they are too slow, expensive and require a lot of manual effort.
Primary things to notice: the app is genuinely as P2P as possible for this design, and the user interface is very nicely done. They got a professional UI designer on board and you can see the huge improvement from earlier versions.
@_date: 2015-04-10 13:20:02
Is there a summary of that discussion anywhere? I am no expert in the hardware TREZOR uses or libsecp256k1, but I thought it was a pretty simple and small C library. Does it use too much RAM or it's too slow or something?
@_date: 2015-09-02 14:50:58


If I "literally" said that, go ahead and show where?
I'm pretty sure I've never said I wanted to run Core. I *have* said I'd like Gavin to go back and do it, and I've also given opinions on how I'd do things if I was running it. But that's not what you just claimed.
@_date: 2015-09-28 19:01:42
Unless you've personally read and understood every line of code in the program, you're already trusting third parties. Sure, you can do it. It's just a lot of work.


So you repeated Foucault's rotating mirror experiment then? I would not describe such a feat as "almost trivial".
At any rate, I don't think you understood my point here. 
@_date: 2015-09-03 09:56:06


Yeah. It's called "buying a better computer". Which won't be an issue if Bitcoin ever grows to see such huge demand because *creating demand is really really hard*!
@_date: 2015-09-06 19:01:36
You can't have open source software and then claim that modifying certain functions is a problem. Either Bitcoin is open source and people can run whatever software they like, or it's not and everyone has to run the One True Implementation. Pick.
@_date: 2015-04-27 12:43:42
Maybe. Things like 2-of-3 dispute mediation a la BitRated are definitely a part of the puzzle, but I'm not sure it applies in this case. 
The problem is that there has to be a window of time after which the transaction is no longer disputable. I don't know if OKCupid would tolerate not having access to the funds that paid for an account until after the subscription expires, that would seem to present possible cash flow issues. But if the payment settles faster then you have the same problem.
This sort of thing is especially tricky because if done naively, it means that abuse is free! In fact, it creates perverse incentives. Found your soul mate on OKCupid after just a week but you paid for 6 months? No problem. Go ahead and send a torrent of abuse to a load of random people, get your account shut down, then claim your contract was violated and get the subscription payment back! You met your new girlfriend/boyfriend and it cost you nothing.
From OKCupid's perspective, confiscating funds from people who are abusing their site means those people are throttled a bit - they can't just immediately resubscribe and carry on because eventually it'll get too expensive. Of course, this sucks if you're a false positive or disagree that you're an abuser, but it's their meet market and if they want to impose fines for behaviour they see as abusive, it's their right to do so.
A micropayment based solution doesn't seem to have these issues. You still spent some money for the time on the site so abuse is not free. It does not create bad incentives. If people still get upset about the amount of money lost on account termination, increase the frequency of the payments.
Good article, by the way. I had never heard of Lex Mercatoria before.
@_date: 2015-09-02 14:55:20
Glad to hear at least someone there will be ignoring the FAQ, I agree it's kind of silly!
@_date: 2015-09-10 15:41:21
The adjacent nodes don't know which transactions were evicted. If they download the full mempool list then they could re-submit the evicted transaction again, resulting in another random eviction.
Bear in mind the code only runs when there's already an attack running. The goal is really just to prevent OOM crashes on the network and impossibly high getblocktemplate latencies. The attack is still there and still causes disruption, so I wouldn't spend too much time looking for new attacks this opens up.
@_date: 2015-09-01 15:31:16


You seem to have made that up.
So far the changes being submitted to XT are getting review from around 2-3 people, which is pretty normal for most changes in Core as well.


Probably a few hours at best, given experience from previous forks. Nobody wants to mine blocks that have coinbases they can't trade in at exchanges.
@_date: 2015-09-28 16:27:02
No list of requirements was agreed upon, which is not surprising given the structure of the conference.
What would a list of requirements look like, exactly?
Surely we all know what the requirements should be?
* Don't kick users out of the network
* Don't make Bitcoin more expensive to use
* Mitigate the risk of "troll blocks" by setting a reasonable cap
* Don't require a central authority to coordinate cap adjustments every few years
I don't think anyone needs a conference to make such a list. However, note that the requirements I gave above would be considered controversial and probably couldn't be agreed on by the current set of Bitcoin Core developers.
@_date: 2015-09-04 16:04:53


As someone who has worked with the technology very closely for years, I think you are dead wrong.
Bitcoin isn't some fantastical beast that gets stronger every time you shoot it thanks to magic armour made of equations. 
It's an ordinary computer program running on ordinary computers, written by a small number of very busy individuals. There exist many attacks that have no good solution to them. DoSing the system out of capacity is one of them. All possible outcomes are bad, the absolute best that can be achieved is failing in a slightly less bad way.


Real criminals very much care about the law, when it catches up with them.
Look, every financial system in existence relies on a combination of defence and attack. Defence: security systems to make criminals lives hard. And attack for when those defences are occasionally breached, to set expectations.
When attacks are free you will eventually lose because no defence system is perfect, nor can it be without making something so hard to use nobody wants it. Expecting a system to rely entirely on indestructible defence systems is just unrealistic, sorry.
@_date: 2015-09-01 15:53:06


Sure about that?
Patches are getting reviewed and merged, just like normal, by both me and Gavin. And I've been doing this kind of day-in, day-out drudge work in bitcoinj for the past 5 years, including when I had a day job.
I don't know what you mean by "name your lead developer for Bitcoin Core". Obviously Core is a separate project. I can't decide who leads it. If Wladimir wanted to step down he'd have to name a successor, just like Gavin did when he passed on the torch to Wladimir.
@_date: 2015-09-28 18:59:22


That's exactly what it does.


Lots of rules are broken by it, like the whole inflation formula.
Re: version bits. It's simply unnecessary. Changes made with a hard fork require no special handling of the version field.
I don't think you're interested in really understanding my points.  I don't know how to make them any clearer. If you didn't understand my example then I can't help you any further, sorry.
@_date: 2015-04-21 22:28:02


I think you mean OpenBazaar. Lighthouse works on Windows just fine and has had Windows installers from the start. About 60% of the downloads are for Windows.
For what it's worth, it wasn't very hard to build Windows versions of Lighthouse - no harder than Mac or Linux. I guess this is something to do with the tools being used to build OpenBazaar, as there's nothing particularly special about Windows that makes it difficult to create cross platform software.
@_date: 2015-09-05 12:04:52
Implementation complexity, plus that wouldn't actually fix things:
@_date: 2015-04-11 17:32:46
My advice is this:
* It helps a lot if you have a track record or at least a prototype of what you want to do. Projects by unknowns who can't point to previous achievements have a harder time raising funds.
* Keep it small. Break your project into chunks, if you can, with clearly defined and small units of work. Firstly because it reduces the risk for backers. And secondly because of how Lighthouse works the more money you try to raise, the larger the minimum pledge size becomes. So trying to raise a huge sum of money can put people off who would have pledged a small amount.
* Although Lighthouse has no deadlines, you could try setting one yourself to try and focus your marketing efforts. Or you may go for an open ended approach, but then you may be in it for the long haul and if the BTC price moves against you, it could be a problem. So keep that in mind.
Good luck!
@_date: 2015-09-03 10:06:39


There's no formal list of who counts as a core developer and never has been. If you mean the 5 people with commit access to the Bitcoin Core git repository, they will meet in Montreal soon. The forum states it's not a place for decision making, but perhaps something will happen anyway.
Anyway - Gregory, please reach out. The last emails Gavin and I sent you were sent on August 25th with Adam CC'd on the thread. The subject line contains the words "Re: (private mail)". The goal of the mails was to arrange a time for a phone call to try and reduce tensions and raise mutual understanding.
We thought you were receiving these mails because Adam said to us, direct quote:


Additionally I sent you an email last year with subject like "Merkle tree protocol with hidden total balance" and never got a response to that either.
So it's very surprising to hear that you don't have them in your inbox.
@_date: 2015-09-01 16:26:16
You're not making any sense. I have nothing to do with Bitcoin Core any more. I'm the maintainer for Bitcoin XT and it says that right on the website.
@_date: 2015-04-16 08:56:22
Not all countries have tax systems where you need a CPA to fill out the form.
@_date: 2015-09-09 11:02:29


The fault in your argument is in the word "use".
If you define "use" in a purely technical sense, yes, in a hard fork where you're on the minority side you could bounce your coins around between your own addresses, or maybe even find someone else to send them to for some Alpaca socks. 
But you could also do this with gold bars, or Deutschmarks, or any other obsolete forms of currency.
If you define "use" in a common sense, man on the street manner then "using" currency means going out into the big wide world and acquiring some kind of good you need or want but can't produce yourself.
Here's an experiment: go onto the street outside your apartment and walk into 3 randomly chosen shops. Ask them the following question:
*"I have some Confederate State dollars; can I pay here with these notes?"*
We both know what will happen: they will say no. Whilst you could theoretically give them to someone else and thus "use" them in a technical sense, when speaking English properly we should avoid such abuses of language. It's no way to win a debate.
The same applies to Bitcoin. You could mine some coins on a minority 50BTC-forever fork today, and technically send them to another wallet. But this wouldn't be recognised as using Bitcoin by anyone who applies common sense.


I'm sure the Polish thought the same. Any change that is obviously correct should not encounter the veto.
Then you get the real world: someone enters the group who is just really crazy, or who vetoes everything until they get a specific change they want, or like in the Commonwealth was just bribed by the group's enemies.
It's a system that just doesn't scale.
You said it's worked before. No, it hasn't. Remember P2SH? 99.999% of the world's population would consider the question of "how to introduce a new address type for multisig" to be more boring than watching paint dry. Yet it led to:
* A huge drama due to the competing proposals between Gavin and Luke.
* Discussion that went on until Gavin, as maintainer, drew them to a close by picking one for Core.
* A miner vote triggered at 55%, way lower than the 75% BIP101 uses.
* People putting "NoP2SH" in their coinbases to show their objection.
Or maybe you forgot the kerfuffle when Satoshi put in his alert system and safe mode?
Look at all the people objecting. Example quote: *"I really don't even like the idea of one person having ability to send messages. Even if I/we trust that person now, we might not later, or it might be a different person, or they might get tortured/bribed/blackmailed."*
The Bitcoin you think existed and you think we're destroying, the Bitcoin where everyone engaged in gentlemanly agreement and all changes were obvious .... it really never existed. There was always disagreement. You might not have always seen it, but it was always there. The only reason Bitcoin made any progress at all was first Satoshi and then Gavin being willing to publish code that annoyed someone.


Yes, I do believe that.
Here's the brutal Statist reality. Governments can ban Bitcoin whenever they want. They can shut down Bitstamp and Coinbase and people who trade on Localbitcoins at the flick of a finger. Whilst you could still technically "use" Bitcoin, governments can push it so deep underground it'd never see the light of day again.
The reason Bitcoin is around and growing is because lots and lots of people, people like Patrick Murck and various startup CEOs, convinced western governments that the block chain equals innovation and that Bitcoin might be the money of tomorrow. And they did that because they became convinced themselves.
All the arguments that worked for keeping Bitcoin around and not suppressing it, they're all about the benefits Bitcoin can bring via the block chain. None of them would apply to something like Lightning, it'd be back to square one and you'd have to argue it all over again.
So if the block chain cannot grow, if the community goes crazy and announces to the world *"Show's over, we decided the block chain actually sucks, lolz joke's on you"*, then suddenly we have a big problem. If fees skyrocket then suddenly we have a big problem, because Bitcoin is used not only by drug dealers but also increasingly by extortionists.... exceptionally nasty stuff. They're willing to pay almost any fee to do that. And if something appears to be used primarily or only by criminals then the people who want to see Bitcoin go away for good, the MasterCard CEO's of this world, their arguments will suddenly seem a LOT stronger.
I honestly do believe that Bitcoin must grow to survive at all. It isn't something that can be kept around in some kind of hipster "it was only cool before the mainstream used it" state. It needs mainstream adoption to give it political strength and the block size debate looks to me, right now, like the shortest and fastest path to isolation and eventual suppression.
@_date: 2015-09-07 11:07:44
Thanks. Yes, it's been kind of stressful lately.
@_date: 2015-09-05 12:05:30
lol :)
@_date: 2015-09-06 11:25:34
There is a patch pending review in Core that does ordering by fee, etc, but it's enormous and touches a lot of very critical code. Last time I checked it was still waiting for serious review.
@_date: 2015-09-28 21:37:53
There's no irony.
We are not trying to "take Bitcoin over" and by now ~all miners and major startups have said they support a block size increase, so we are not the minority either. I'd personally rather be working on Lighthouse than block size issues, but there's no point making smart contracts apps if Bitcoin cannot grow. If I could get someone else to do XT I would. Unfortunately Gavin didn't want to.
Nothing Gavin and I have done involves social tactics. We have made technical arguments and written code that people can run if they want to.
The aggression I was talking about are things like:
* Repeatedly making statements that are not true. Look at how often Adam Back has said Gavin didn't "follow the BIP process" with BIP 101 for example. It is factually false.
* Claiming that releasing patches to an open source program is an "attack on the network".
* Claiming I don't care about decentralisation, want to be a dictator, hate privacy and other attempts at character assassination.
* Telling people that if there's a hard fork that isn't personally blessed by the Bitcoin Core maintainers, the value of Bitcoin will fall to zero
* Suggesting class action lawsuits
* Censoring major discussion forums
* Threatening to erase useful products from the Bitcoin website if the developers change to a competing node product
None of these tactics are anything to do with technology, they're all social, and they're all very aggressive.
@_date: 2015-09-29 17:14:21
Competing with Core is not irresponsible.
@_date: 2015-09-05 11:53:30


When Blockstream was first announced I was very happy. I had been asking for more funding for core network development for a long time and this seemed to answer my concerns.
Then things started go downhill.
They announced they'd actually be putting most of their effort into side chains, because changing Bitcoin was meant to be as hard as possible, ideally impossible. That was the first red flag. Bitcoin is software. It can be and has been upgraded in the past. There's no reason to believe it's immutable, bugs and all. When I called on the investor community to support Bitcoin development, that obviously meant *upgrades to Bitcoin*.
The second was when they hired a bunch of people who had been contributing to Bitcoin development, and they ended up working on side chains instead. I think only Pieter Wiulle continued doing any serious code upgrades to Bitcoin Core after being hired by Blockstream (e.g. headers first, libsecp256k1) and Gregory wrote a few patches to libsecp256k1, but if you look at the big headline upgrades in the last few Core releases, they were pretty much all written by Pieter. And last time I met him he was working on side chains stuff.
This wasn't what I had in mind when I said "funding bitcoin core development".
The third major red flag was the Lightning Network.
At this point they are claiming to fund Bitcoin development whilst mostly putting their effort into things designed to take users away from the system everyone else in the ecosystem is working on: either onto side chains or Lightning, neither of which are usable or deployed in any meaningful sense.
I haven't seen any noticeable change in Bitcoin Core's development speed after Blockstream came along, despite the number of people they've hired. I think the Foundation may not have realised that.
@_date: 2015-09-30 19:41:00
Some people are called Core Devs even though they have never contributed to Bitcoin Core. Example:


But according to github:
... no code has been written on any project.
@_date: 2015-09-06 11:55:22
You are doing exactly what I said you'd do - blowing off the huge amount of work involved in Lightning by saying "it's just money".
Rusty's comment:


Um, yes. It's just engineering. And as you may have noticed after huge engineering efforts by thousands of people for over 5 years, Bitcoin still has a lot of basic usability, safety and functionality problems. There is a TON of engineering to do just to make the basic A-to-B payment functionality work well. Going back to square one and doing it all over again makes *no* sense. Yes, Blockstream got a lot of money to spend on whatever they want: good for them. If they want to develop an entirely new system from scratch, they should go for it. But the rest of the Bitcoin community needs to continue with the tech they've already developed.




You're in the grip of a false dichotomy. Indeed, you are just repeating Blockstream talking points almost verbatim without thinking about them.
There is no chance of this ever happening and we proved it with basic, back of the envelope calculations years ago. PayPal only has a few hundred tx/sec, that's well within reach of optimisations of the basic block chain algorithm. Do the calculations yourself. A thousand signatures/sec or so doesn't even strain a single CPU these days. A few hundred tx/sec is about 85 megabyte blocks. With pruning, optimised block propagation protocols and some code optimisations that's achievable by ordinary computers that we have today. But we'd have to increase Bitcoin usage by about 300x to get there. That would take a very,  very long time.
Believing that Bitcoin can scale and still look pretty much like it does today is not only entirely reasonable, but backed with lots of calculations based on real data. The belief that we have to pick between usage and decentralisation is a scare story pushed Blockstreamers. Do you really think so many people would have signed up to work on Bitcoin if it were true? If so why did you never hear about Lightning Network up until this summer? If we all thought Bitcoin topped out at 1mb there'd have been serious cross-ecosystem work done on this stuff years ago.


This is a classic mistake made by theoretical cryptographers over and over again. 
Look, I worked on consumer products for years. Some of them had nearly a billion users. We didn't have the luxury of developing pie-in-the-sky ideas with no idea of how the resulting product would actually work for end users, because we needed to ship products in a competitive market.
Blowing off extremely basic concerns by saying "that stuff is easy, we'll worry about it at the end" is a guaranteed path to failure. Which is FINE as long as the rest of the Bitcoin community isn't being force-fed this stuff.
Which is exactly what is happening by Blockstream and Wladimir stonewalling block size increases.


I'm afraid I disagree. Gregory in particular, holds very extreme positions, I find often based on not much. They are just a lot better at hiding it.
For instance just recently he claimed nobody had tested reorgs of chains with &gt;1mb blocks. That's a basic scalability test and he asserted nobody had done it, presumably to try and convince people that scaling the block chain is a dark swamp of unknown factors.
In fact Gavin had tested it months ago, published his results, and blogged about them. Gregory just didn't bother reading what he did.
So these are guys who claim to be experts in Bitcoin scalability, but who aren't reading or even aware of basic published results by an experienced developer who predates all of them.
@_date: 2015-09-06 11:32:58


If he said that then he's dead wrong. What I urged him to do - always - is support a block size increase.
I have no interest in a scheme that requires dozens of wallet developers to write vast amounts of likely flaky new code simply in order to keep the Alice pays Bob scenario working. That would take years and get Bitcoin nowhere. I've made this view clear in article I wrote earlier this summer, where I argued that expecting Lightning to substitute for the a much larger block chain is absurd:


Yes they have. I know these guys constantly say they want to raise the block size limit. It simply isn't true: in fact, they have relentlessly stonewalled any attempt to actually do so. Judge them by their actions, not by their words.
If you dig deeper you can find out why. Maxwell has argued that the block chain rules should be set in stone and unchangeable. Go watch the video on the Blockstream website. And unlike what you may have heard, Core is not managed by consensus. It's managed by Wladimir van der Laan, who has said he is against raising the limit because he thinks it'd be unfair to people with slow internet connections. He also thinks the block chain protocol should be like the "laws of physics". So that's the end of that.
@_date: 2015-04-07 22:23:54
It would be nice if I could opt out of this new "pin before tx data" privacy feature. I keep my TREZOR at home and don't worry about someone viewing the (mostly useless) transaction history data by stealing the device. I'd rather have the convenience of being able to see the wallet content without needing to actually plug in the device or enter a PIN.
@_date: 2015-09-02 13:40:10
Alright, I take it back about Blockstream. When I last looked at the team page it seemed everyone was listed as a co-founder, but I see now that Blockstream is actually run by Adam.


I know that. Bitcoin Core, on the other hand, is a specific project that ships coherent releases that have to actually compile and implement some kind of design vision. Core *does* have a structure with a maintainer, but not a structure that's functioning well.
Your position seems to be that if Bitcoin Core, the specific project with specific people in charge, does not make any decision to raise the block size limit or have any process then that's totally OK and not at all a problem. And that everyone should just sit around forever hoping for some sort of resolution.
The remark about Wikipedia wasn't meant to be an insult, I use it and love it every day. But you just argued that for Core to have a leader would be "authoritarian", even though it does. That seems a lot closer to the wiki model of doing things than the traditional open source model.
Perhaps the issue is the conflation of Bitcoin as a whole with Bitcoin Core. Unfortunately, the only way it can be un-conflated is if Bitcoin the community can choose to do something different to what Bitcoin Core chooses to do (or not). And that would require a controversial hard fork, if the disagreement is about one of the things checked by those code paths.
@_date: 2015-09-02 14:00:17


It's virtually the same solution - calculate an IP priority based on various signals, and like Patrick says, it's the start of a framework. The big difference is just the initial set of signals.
Indeed, take a look at the core code in that patch, the block that starts with
    // Identify the network group with the most connections
It then calls addr.GetGroup(). That function contains hard-coded IP lists, and *GASP* Tor specific code:
There's even logic there specific to Hurricane Electric, a single ISP!
Kind of funny that I was criticised for having code specific to Tor in there when this "alternative solution" does the exact same thing, except worse (the function is misnamed, it labels hidden service connections but not Tor-to-clearnet connections).
So I picked "deprioritise Tor" and said "more advanced stuff later" because we were/are actually in the middle of DoS attacks launched via Tor, and simple changes can be launched quickly. Patrick has gone for a more ambitious set of signals which are still not merged, let alone launched to users.
A more general problem is that last time I looked at that patch, it didn't actually solve the problem I am trying to solve, which is that it's easy to jam mobile clients via open proxies. Even after Patrick's patch you can still connect to every node via 125 different Tor exits, and mobile clients are *still* broken. All the fancy logic trips out right at the bottom, where the code says:
     // Do not disconnect peers if there is only 1 connection from their network group
     if (vEvictionCandidates.size() &lt;= 1)
         // unless we prefer the new connection (for whitelisted peers)
         if (!fPreferNewConnection)
             return false;
But the IP grouping code in netbase.cpp is very, very weak. That's why I wrote better logic. So in the end the attackers connections will all end up in separate groups, and because mobile clients aren't whitelisted connections, we'll end up hitting the return statement and nothing will be done.
If my reading of the code is wrong, please do let me know.
In the end I think we'll end up converging on very similar code via different paths. The core logic of IP prioritisation based on signals is one I proposed years ago. It is sound, and Patrick's patch accepts the general notion of a framework that's iteratively improved over time.
@_date: 2015-04-23 13:13:40
This article is rather garbled, which is unfortunate.
It says:


That isn't true, of course. It's designed for end users. It deliberately doesn't contain aggregation and gallery type services and that's the sort of thing lightlist.io is great for.


You do not have to compile the core platform, that would be ridiculous. The author of this article has clearly never tried Lighthouse. You just download it like any other app.


Installing Java has never been a requirement. You just download it from the website like you would for Skype, Spotify, Google Earth, Steam etc ....
I think this kind of article shows the problems our community faces in trying to build decentralised infrastructure. 
The author hasn't even bothered to try the app but just automatically assumes it must suck and the centralised web version must be easier. Lightlist.io, great though it is, is not decentralised at all. If their service goes away you are out of luck. 
What's more, managing bitcoins securely is difficult and the whole point of Lighthouse is that project galleries like Lightlist *don't* have to handle people's money. So though I understand the rationale I'm disappointed the Lightlist guys are going in this direction. I don't think they intend to, but they're basically muddying the Lighthouse brand and turning it into just another centralised service, whilst building financial risk for themselves and others.
At some point I will add a URL handler to Lighthouse so you can import a project from a web page with one click. You will still need the app, but hopefully that will help convince people it's not actually any harder to use.
@_date: 2015-09-10 15:45:42
Please note that the new Bitcoin XT release features memory pool limiting, to help you avoid node crashes/swap-storms due to lack of memory.
@_date: 2015-04-26 12:44:20
Fantastic! It's awesome to hear about this great use of the technology and Bitcoin system. What a nice thing to hear for the weekend.
@_date: 2015-09-20 10:52:40


Of course it makes sense.
If it didn't scale sublinearly then EVERY new Bitcoin user would result in you, personally, having to make or receive another payment every day to them. That's obviously absurd. 
@_date: 2015-09-03 09:57:05
The "BitKiller" program being run by some dude who hates BIP 101 connects to network nodes from Russia. and calls itself Bitcoin XT, although it isn't. If the node it talks to also says it's Bitcoin XT then a DDoS attack starts.
So this measurement isn't particularly meaningful.
@_date: 2015-09-07 11:47:56


Yes, I know you have, and I appreciate that very much. I rarely have any issue with your writings, Rusty, and I hope you don't take the generalised frustration with Blockstream too personally.


In the first message I have in my mailbox that mentions Lightning from Gregory, he says that his analysis is that the block size should actually *shrink*. Then he asks if anyone is familiar with Lightning, and throws in an ad hominem in which he claims I think everyone should run datacenter-sized nodes (I never said this).
It's in the thread "Block Size Increase" started by Matt.
In the thread announcing the funding, someone asks the basic question: Lightning needs larger blocks, but Gregory and Pieter have been 'pouring cold water' on the idea of raising block sizes:
And Gregory's response doesn't talk about raising block size limits at all, but rather things like "stopping the clock" when blocks are full.
Given this sort of thing, can you really be surprised that so many people have got this impression?


It seems both you and Adam believe that I suggested funding Lightning! Where did this idea come from? As Gregory himself admits here, I have never suggested that:


This is not "my" debate, Rusty. Maybe you didn't notice but the entire community is talking about nothing else right now. Heck the most common sentiment expressed to me about this is "why is this even a debate at all", and I agree!
The reason Blockstream's reputation is getting trashed is it's completely incoherent approach to the issue. Literally every employee seems to have different and incompatible ideas about what to do, but none of them involve supporting actually implemented code or straightforward proposals.
Raising the block size limit is a no brainer that was never meant to be such a huge drama. If it's true that you all support doing it, then write an open letter showing your support for BIP101: so far the only BIP that has actual code behind it. If in future it unexpectedly turns out Bitcoin can't scale further, there can always be another fork to take the network off the BIP101 schedule.
@_date: 2015-09-02 18:00:20
There are DoS transactions being mined. Look at:
and see the transactions at the bottom which have lots of outputs. They aren't packing the blocks entirely full this time, perhaps due to the block layout algorithm.
@_date: 2015-09-01 16:27:33
Well, all I can do is show you the evidence. If you're going to believe in an exponentially growing silent mass of invisible reviewers, then I don't see any way to persuade you otherwise.
Any chain upgrade has forks going on for hours. Look at the BIP 66 rollout, or look at the P2SH rollout. Both soft forks and both had non-upgraded miners producing invalid blocks after the fork.
@_date: 2015-09-28 20:07:16


You can just put spends of these edited ledger entries inside a "sub block" that's e.g. in the coinbase scriptSig. This is what Adam's extension block proposal boils down to.
There's just no connection between the type of fork and the types of change they make possible. It's completely meaningless.
@_date: 2015-04-27 16:23:29
Alright, thanks for the additional data. I don't know how to reconcile that with the claims from chargeback.com. Perhaps their infographic is wrong, or perhaps it's measuring different things .... like you said, perhaps they include physical purchases in those stats.
@_date: 2015-04-18 13:14:38
@_date: 2015-04-30 09:03:47
Yes, this stuff is really interesting to read, and encouraging.
I found it interesting that it didn't take long for the "crazy Bitcoin girl" routine to hit problems and for people to start demanding a higher level of professionalism. I hope she can still maintain her customer base regardless! :)
@_date: 2015-09-04 17:37:24
Coinffeine isn't pointless. The BTC you put into the app isn't held by the company that makes Coinffeine, it's a local wallet and the money is still under your control until the moment a trade is made.
The idea is to avoid big pileups of bitcoins in one place, which make attractive targets for hackers.
@_date: 2015-09-06 11:38:08
Yes, everything in your post is inaccurate. But I feel like I've explained this over and over again for months. You aren't going to suddenly stop saying these things.
Just one trick - you guys (most recently Maxwell) have argued that forking Bitcoin Core and changing the AcceptBlock function is "an attack on the system". If Bitcoin Core has parts of the code which can't be forked, in your world view, then how is that not entirely centralised development?
@_date: 2015-09-28 20:18:38


Money exists in the form of ledger entries. If the Bitcoin protocol is extended such that the ledger can be edited in ways that old nodes can be tricked into ignoring, you can create infinite money or do anything else (from the perspective of those who upgrade). Consider Adam Back's extension blocks proposal. The idea is simple enough: embed a block within a block. New nodes know how to read the subblock. Old nodes don't. Stick newly created coins and spends of them inside the subblock: job done.
If you're willing to contort the protocol enough, you can always find a way to keep old nodes blindly calculating *some* ledger, even if it's not the one everyone else is using. That was my point. The whole soft vs hard fork distinction gives you no safety against changes you dislike at all, it's just irrelevant.


The soft fork idea appears to have emerged from IRC chats some time ago that I wasn't involved in, with the sole justification being "backwards compatibility" (they meant forwards). As that goal makes no sense the fact that some of the developers want to do it anyway doesn't matter to me. Many of those same developers think that restricting the block size is a good idea: that's also wrong. Groupthink doesn't change technical arguments.


It doesn't. Existing nodes will still calculate incorrect ledgers regardless of the version bits, if they aren't upgraded across a soft fork. All the version bits do is trigger alerts and log prints.
Even if code was added to use version bits in this way, it'd still be a dumb idea. All that'd have achieved is adding a ton of complexity to the code and protocol to give the same behaviour that picking a fresh opcode number would have given you from the start. In engineering, you don't want to overcomplicate things: if you have a simple way that can already work fine, you just use it. You don't go in a giant circle to end up back where you started.
@_date: 2015-09-28 17:22:44
I have a few more ideas to try, mostly around better communication with miners.
Unfortunately you may be right that this ends with Bitcoin dying. The current set of Core developers are very effectively promising that they'll raise the limit whilst simultaneously not doing it. Apparently that strategy works. I do not know how long this goes on for until the miners realise they're being misled. Probably it's like global warming or IPv6: people will only start to do something once things are already breaking down.
@_date: 2015-04-21 22:35:41
Yes, storing an undo transaction on the server would help avoid issues with lost keys although then it becomes an authentication problem e.g. you'd need to have an account system or require users to log in with Facebook or Google. And as you point out, then you need to provide an address for the funds to be returned to and you would require a regular wallet anyway.
I don't think it's worth coming up with endless piles of hacks to try and make this stuff work on the web. The web was never designed for it and the cracks show all the time. Everyone can run the app, so what's the big deal? You're worried about a 60 second download? Creating accounts on a website and verifying your email address takes longer.
@_date: 2015-09-08 10:55:24


Of course they can.
In a country that only used Bitcoin, if you decided to not accept an upgrade that the majority had accepted you'd discover
1. You cannot buy food
2. You cannot pay your electricity bill
3. You cannot pay your taxes and end up in prison
Saying Bitcoin is a permissionless currency because nobody can force you to run a node is sort of like saying that the dollar is a permissionless currency because you can always whip out Photoshop and make your own monopoly money. Sure you can. Just nobody will accept it, and if you throw a tantrum about it, you don't get to trade. Which is, you know, the point of having money.


This statement is especially ironic given this thread:
Quoting yourself of about 2.5 years ago:




You're replying to - surprise - Gregory Maxwell.
So a few years ago you, like everyone else, considered what Bitcoin XT is doing to be a no-brainer. You didn't consider raising the limit to be a "hostile hard fork". The only thing that's changed since then is Gavin stepped back and someone else replaced him who now thinks the 1mb limit shouldn't change because, I kid the reader not, he thinks the sub-prime mortgage bubble implies network and storage capacities will stop improving. 
You've done a 180 degree pivot as a result, showing that your principles boil down not to high minded ideals about how Bitcoin works, but rather to obedience to whoever is in charge at the time.
@_date: 2015-09-28 16:14:11


With due respect, if you found it confusing that might explain your irritation. The post lays out technical facts, it isn't meant to be irritating.


There is no way for software to understand features from the future, in either forwards or backwards compatibility.
I gave the textbook definitions of these terms in the article. Bitcoin nodes always have to be backwards compatible in order to do the initial block chain download: old data understood by new software. Same as Word 2000 being able to load documents made by Word 95.
Forwards compatibility is when Word 95 can load documents made by Word 2000, even though it doesn't understand the new features. Usually you have some form of graceful degradation involved: things don't work quite right, but they work well enough for you to get something done ..... sometimes.
Forwards compatibility with a word processor can be useful for users who don't want to pay for an upgrade right away and can tolerate having flaky/incomplete interoperability with other users. In a financial system like Bitcoin you are inherently interacting with other users by checking their transactions, so you can't avoid that. But flaky/incomplete interoperability can make the difference between "I caught this fraud attempt against me" and "I was fooled by an invalid transaction".
In fairness, when I have raised these arguments on the bitcoin-development mailing list in the past, the response has been to tweak things to try and make soft forks more like hard forks. But this just leads to the question of: why bother? What benefits do soft forks have? Running a Bitcoin node that calculates a ledger that's only mostly correct, most of the time doesn't seem like a good idea. Users who want such a thing should opt in, instead of old nodes being silently converted into such a mode.
@_date: 2015-04-21 11:58:04
You would have to recover manually by doing a private key import operation. It would involve parsing the revoke link by hand and so on - a somewhat advanced operation that I expect many users to fail at.
This sort of thing is why I implemented Lighthouse as a regular app you download. There is no chance of XSS exploits, no chance of the server vanishing, it's easier to implement mitigations against hacked or coerced developers and so on.
@_date: 2015-09-02 12:03:19


You realise that Bitcoin Core is called that because myself and Gavin named it that together, right?
Please stop attempting to dismiss my contributions to Bitcoin! That isn't a great way to help build understanding.
Things I've written or worked on in Bitcoin Core include:
* LevelDB (2x perf boost)
* BIP 70 (under Gavin's name, because he upgraded code we worked on in a separate repository before submitting)
* SPV mode (lots of design work, review, testing and collaboration with Matt on the code)
* Regtest mode and chain params
But yes, you're right, the vast bulk of my work has been in another repository in another language. That is a big codebase that has achieved millions of users and a large number of developers. 
Regardless of that, I know exactly how Bitcoin Core's decision making process used to work. It used to work like this:
.... or you can look at P2SH as another example.


I wonder where you get this sort of idea from. The only company I've ever encountered that does not appear to have any kind of CEO or management structure is Blockstream. Everywhere else there is always some way to resolve deadlocks or disagreements. When weak managers refuse to do so, that's usually a source of stagnation and frustration for everyone involved.
I know you were a major contributor to Wikipedia back in the day, so perhaps your preference for a Wikipedia style of code development isn't really surprising. But it's no way to run a successful software project.
@_date: 2015-09-02 11:48:13
I'd be happy if they come to some form of agreement at the second workshop. The website does not suggest that this will happen - the statement that absolutely no decisions are made at workshops (plural) seems definitive.
Still, it may be that whoever wrote the website FAQ isn't really representative of what the attendees will do or want. From the outside looking in, it doesn't seem like a great start. But perhaps things will happen anyway, despite the public statements of some of the attendees.
Regardless, the underlying problems remain. Gavin was having private discussions with some of the signers of this letter months ago, or trying to. So was I. Back in April I asked Wladimir privately what his proposed timeline was for a block size increase, and on that same thread Gavin proposed a one-time bump to 20mb with no further increases (as he'd tested that already). Wladimir didn't even bother replying to us.
Gavin also tried talking to Gregory Maxwell in private. So have I. He simply doesn't respond to our emails either.
There is just no way this project can be credible when key players are signing open letters saying they want some kind of amazing consensus building process .... and yet *refuse to even reply to emails from developers who have been contributing to Bitcoin for longer than they have even been around*.
@_date: 2015-09-07 15:19:05
Hmm. I've never been subscribed at all and I still have the little books.
Anyway, it doesn't matter. The books icon was always rather arbitrary.
@_date: 2015-09-03 17:17:00
Right now the people doing the most to hurt decentralisation of Bitcoin are Blockstream and Wladimir, by telling people that using the block chain as a voting mechanism (as was done in the past) is reckless and will destroy Bitcoin's value. 
The logical implication of this argument is that only Bitcoin Core developers, and really only Wladimir, can change big chunks of the Bitcoin protocol. And thus that they are effectively the "CEOs of Bitcoin". Which is the opposite of decentralisation. I mean, what is the point of open source, if you aren't supposed to fork it and modify the code when the original project does something wrong? How is Bitcoin's decentralisation even meant to work, with such a belief?
Blockstream's story that mining centralisation is driven by the block size doesn't get more sensible the longer you tell it. Miners have concentrated first into pools and then into giant farms because of the hashing efficiency arms race. The ASIC makers have been deciding it makes more sense to mine with their own hardware than sell it, and hash power has been moving to parts of the world with subsidised or very cheap electricity.
The belief that this is all due to the change from 100kb blocks on average to ~450kb blocks on average is technically unsupportable. These are trivial amounts of data. I download more data when I open a web page. You guys want to believe this because it feels like a variable you can control, so you convinced yourselves that all you have to do is lower this value or at least keep it from rising and everything will be fixed. And anyone who disagrees with this deeply questionable logic just doesn't "get it" because they aren't smart enough.
@_date: 2015-09-02 14:47:56
How was the explanation different? The patch says it's about stopping the jamming of nodes. Seems the same to me.


They don't have to, right? Any group that has a single connection is protected: look at the code. If the attacker has IPs spread around and doesn't get clustered, then the code won't pick anything to evict.
Still, I'll try it out against my attack tool and see if it works despite how the code appears. The manual lists of IPs is not intended to be a long term solution and that's been something I said from the start.


Well, so far the actual attacker we saw seems to have stopped doing his DoS attacks rather than just switching to a different network. So.... I guess there are limits to their adaptivity.
Of course now there's a new one that's just doing UDP network flooding, but that's an unrelated type of attack. No fix for that at the application layer.


Yup, and fixing that is on the todo list. But they'd need to use an IP address that is quite possibly traceable back to them, which might be why they haven't done it: they went away instead. 
Perhaps they feel Tor is safe enough but other proxy providers aren't. Or maybe they'll come back, in which case, we'll go and iterate things again. The next XT release will let you assign IP ranges to prioritise from files. That's a good next step.
@_date: 2015-09-30 12:55:33
Hah, [so he did]( I had forgotten about that.
This is the same guy who emailed me a few weeks ago to say releasing XT was "an attack on the system". Funny how Maxwell is all about decentralisation until the bitcoin using public is *actually* given a way to decide how bitcoin grows.
@_date: 2015-09-28 16:42:17
The question is, how many users would care?
Imagine that in the year 2030 Bitcoin has become a major world currency. Many different people and institutions from around the globe join together with a single goal - publish a hash of the ledger.
These people might be individuals, miners, known and trustworthy developers. The group might include prominent universities, companies, non-profit foundations, even governments. 
They all get together and announce that as of block 1,000,000 the hash of the UTXO set is X. They publish this statement in as many ways as they can think of, authenticated in as many ways as you can imagine. And they all agree because it is a mathematical fact.
In such a world, I think most users would find it acceptable to simply download a copy of the ledger, check the hash matches the well known hash, and continue from there.
Heresy? No. How many of us have manually derived the speed of light by ourselves? I bet the answer is none of us have, and this is a very geeky forum. We just "know" the speed of light because every source we have encountered agrees on the value. Our physics teachers agreed, our textbooks agreed, scientific papers all agree, other scientists that have done calculations based on it agree, institutions agree, etc. 
We don't have to verify the speed of light ourselves to know what the correct value is - at some point the level of confidence we get from those around us makes checking the answer for ourselves a waste of time. We *could* derive the value independently for max decentralisation of knowledge, but it'd take some effort and there's no real need as there's no dispute over the correct value.
If Bitcoin becomes really big, I think it'll be the same for the ledger.
@_date: 2015-09-20 10:50:02


Note something important here - you can't claim that "Bitcoin has poor scaling because more users = more nodes" whilst simultaneously arguing "Bitcoin will become centralised because more users = fewer nodes". Yet these are positions those making the O( n^2 ) argument have repeatedly taken.
It's one of the reasons I find these debates so ridiculous. There are people who pick up whatever argument appears to support their desired goal at the time (arguing Bitcoin can't scale), without any kind of coherent long-term view of how the system is meant to work. So they end up contradicting themselves over and over again.
This happened again last year when Peter Todd went around arguing that Bloom filtering should be disabled by default, and then said BIP 64 wasn't necessary because you could just use Bloom filtering instead. You can't argue for disabling a feature one day, and then argue for it being used the next.
But I fear these tactics are inevitable when you get people who prioritise seeming clever over building systems. It's easy to "win" short-term arguments when self-consistency isn't important, and if you talk a lot more than you build, it isn't important.
@_date: 2015-09-02 15:10:49
No, still not right. Bitcoin is not the same thing as Bitcoin Core, despite the similar naming.
Bitcoin Core is a software project. Those always have someone who makes the final call on what goes into the next release, by their nature. "Bitcoin" is a global system, currency and social movement. It can't have a dictator by its nature.
@_date: 2015-09-08 15:13:06


And if you end up on a chain with 25% support, you are incentivised to rejoin the majority. Incentives is all Bitcoin has. That doesn't make the 75% chain "hostile", it makes it an upgrade that you need to get on board with. Same as trying to pay with coins or bills withdrawn from circulation - the currency has changed, hopefully been upgraded, and you are strongly incentivised to get with the program no matter how much you liked the old design.
There's just no difference here. Currencies change. Systems change. Sometimes the majority decides to do something you don't agree with, and if you want to work with them, you have to follow their way of doing things. That's not "hostile", it's just how life works.
The model of political consensus you want (i.e. would consider not hostile) is one that was used in the medieval era, in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. It was called the liberum veto and as someone with an interest in politics, you should really read the Wikipedia article about it:
Every member of the Parliament had to agree. Anyone could at any time shout SISTO ACTIVITATEM and the entire days session would be immediately ended, nullifying any changes agreed earlier. The theory was that all noblemen were politically equal and so none should be able to force their will on the others by changing the rules without consensus, i.e. perform a "hostile hard fork" of the law, as you'd see it.
Here's how it ended:


The model of "nothing controversial may ever happen" led to the *absolute destruction of the entire country*.
Given this, are you starting to understand why your policies around "hostile hard forks" are creating so much anger? Do you realise that the 1000+ comments on the stickied thread were not written by the same 3 people, there really are thousands of incredibly angry people out there?
You may hate democracy and think it's awful, but guess what? So does everyone else. One of Churchill's most famous quotes is "democracy is the worst form of government, except for all the others". Anarchism has been tried. Didn't work. Absolute consensus has been tried. Didn't work. Authoritarianism has been tried. You'd like it though: lots of censorship and suppression of 'hostility' towards those in power. Still didn't work.
What has worked, or at least not totally collapsed, is majority rule. And a flawed approximation of that is what Bitcoin actually implements.
@_date: 2015-09-02 18:41:49
... and on reddit. My statement stands.
@_date: 2015-09-06 19:03:43
He handed the Bitcoin Core code off to Gavin. I started doing development around the time Satoshi was starting to step back. I didn't release any open source code until a few months later. So it wouldn't have made sense for him to do that. Regardless we did communicate, and he said he hoped I'd continue with bitcoinj. He said people would switch to it when it was faster to download the block chain than the regular client, which is indeed what happened.
@_date: 2015-04-26 12:47:24
This is a country where if you go to an ATM and request a 200 CHF withdrawal, you will probably get a single banknote out. As the client is a pension fund, that isn't the issue.
The issue is either they can't process the cash withdrawal fast enough, but I think that wouldn't trigger a news story. More likely they are being directed by the SNB to impose a form of capital controls, even on large clients.
@_date: 2015-09-01 14:28:56
The paper contains several statements that aren't actually true, but they're quite common misconceptions:


All code in XT is peer reviewed just like Core. The XT review process has been working better than Core: the BIP 101 code was submitted to both projects for review, but only the XT review process found actual bugs and made real improvements. The code review on the Core side was largely ignored.
You can go look at the pull request queue to see the process in action, if you doubt this claim.
Bitcoin Core is not formally verified and formal methods are not a "key part of Bitcoin Core development". I don't know where this idea comes from. Most of the code base isn't even unit tested, let alone formally verified.
Core uses exactly the same testing and QA methods as XT, which is not surprising as they are almost identical and some of the QA/testing framework in Core was actually written by myself and Gavin (e.g. Gavin made the testnet, I wrote regtest mode).


Bitcoin Core does not use consensus to make decisions either, regardless of how many times you may hear this claim. It has a maintainer, Wladimir van der Laan, who has explicitly stated just last Monday that consensus is not important for most changes to the code, and he considers the block chain rules to be [like "the laws of physics"]( i.e. cannot be changed by anyone regardless of how many people agree.
I describe this in more detail (with supporting quotes) in this article:
and the XT launch article:
Everyone loves the idea that Bitcoin Core is developed through a congenial consensus of civilised experts. And because Wladimir hardly communicates, it can easily look like that. The reality is that he makes decisions just like in any open source project, and the last time he wrote publicly on the topic he decided he doesn't want the block size to rise. End of story.


As you can see from the variety of faces in the github commit list, there are plenty of people contributing to XT:
Or take a look at this pull req and the variety of reviewers it's got:
(hint: I'm not one of them)
The XT project has already attracted experienced developers, and myself and Gavin have been doing Bitcoin development longer than the entire Bitcoin Core team except for Jeff. We've also done a lot more of it: check the amount of code we've both written.


The issue with Core is not "changes are made slowly and carefully", the issue is that they're often not being made at all, and for spurious reasons. 
In the case of the block size limit there has been *no* progress towards making a decision on the block size. No decision point is defined, and no time limit for the debate is specified. Given the current way things are done it may quite literally run forever.
I realise that people really, really like the idea that Bitcoin software development does not depend on the technical judgement of one or two people. Unfortunately, despite appearances that's exactly how it currently works with Bitcoin Core, and XT exists because that judgement has become very problematic.
In the long run it could make sense to make XT governance more formal, like in an IETF working group. But before we can form a committee or a more formal decision making body, there must be focused agreement on the actual goals of the project.
@_date: 2015-09-28 17:20:38
Your graphs show the size of the entire block chain, not the ledger.
The block chain is currently about 50 gigabytes, I think. But the ledger is much smaller. It's only about 1 gigabyte. If you were to download the ledger and then only blocks from that point forwards, you'd only need to download 1 gigabyte of data today. That is smaller than many operating system upgrades. Not a problem.
@_date: 2015-04-27 11:19:16
You might not win such a charge back. Merchants win about 40% of the cases they appeal. If it's not due to old fashioned card fraud and is a genuine commercial dispute like this one, they may simply say that their terms of service mentioned that the account may be banned and that's what you agreed to.
Seeing as we're on a Bitcoin forum, a better fix for this sort of thing is micropayments. Consider if the OP had been paying his OKcupid subscription once per day instead of up front for a large block of time. He gets banned, he immediately stops paying and hasn't paid for service he didn't receive.
Credit cards aren't really designed for charges being made every few hours or every day. The overheads would be too large. For Bitcoin it's not a problem though (once we scrap the 1mb block size limit at least).
@_date: 2015-09-05 12:14:00
Ye gods, please never try and represent yourself. Even a paralegal could make mincemeat of you.
The network's stated purpose is for making economic transactions where people pay each other for goods and services. The *first sentence* of the white paper is:


payments to be sent directly **from one party to another** without going through a financial institution
Bouncing your own coins between your own wallets over and over just to create giant backlogs and make wallets "worthless" does not involve any conventional definition of a payment, is not at all what the network was intended for, and would immediately and clearly reveal criminal intent.
@_date: 2015-09-06 11:27:16
I don't think Blockstream is evil, just massively misguided.
There's nothing wrong with developing the Lightning Network idea if that's what you want to do. Proposing it as an alternative to raising the block size limit, as Maxwell and Back are doing, is an engineering fantasy and you know that perfectly well yourself. Yet Blockstream would not be funding LN if it hadn't been for the block size debate.
@_date: 2015-09-30 21:09:11
I am quite familiar with hashcash. Read my post carefully, it says "never contributed to Bitcoin Core" obviously meaning contributed code.
@_date: 2015-09-01 15:28:47
The claim is "Bitcoin Core makes decisions by consensus" i.e. all decisions. 
This claim is widely believed but is not true, as the quote shows.
If you want to narrow the claim to "Bitcoin Core makes decisions that can trigger a chain fork by consensus" then go ahead, but that isn't what the paper claims. And additionally it's not really clear if that second statement is true either, given Wladimir's statements about how the consensus code is like the laws of physics.
@_date: 2015-09-06 11:41:13


It's on your own website! Go watch the video of Gregory talking about Bitcoin. Or read your own pitch deck. The idea that Bitcoin should be/is entirely immutable and nearly impossible to change is *fundamental* to Blockstream's own pitch! How can you be denying this now?


Please stop saying this. We are both highly concerned about both. We just don't see any evidence that a BIP 101 will affect either negatively at all. You guys argue that everything is related to the block size, but we've presented many arguments that you are just wrong about this. Heck, Gregory was even saying the other day he thinks there can be an O(1) block announcement protocol, in which case orphan rates would become entirely independent of block sizes. 
If raising the block size has no noticeable impact on decentralisation or security then it's an obvious no-brainer to do it, and indeed, arguing that "fewer people using bitcoin == more decentralistion" is a contradiction!
@_date: 2015-09-28 17:19:06
Yes, I know :/
@_date: 2015-09-28 17:43:39
Where did I make an appeal to authority?


Debatable at best. Attempting to read UTF-8 text as ASCII will result in data corruption unless the UTF-8 string happens to not use any of the new features. I wouldn't describe that as graceful degradation, given the mess that results on people's screens.
However UTF-8 is backwards compatible with ASCII. An old ASCII string can be fed into a UTF-8 parser and the results are correct.


OK, I guess the cause of the confusion is becoming clearer now. I've been describing the consequences for different security models without being sufficiently explicit.
Consider a merchant node. They wish to have full security and full decentralisation, so run a full node. If a merchant doesn't upgrade and then calculates an incorrect ledger, they might sell real goods or services based on a transaction that their node said was good, but which actually violated a new rule. Their ledger is corrupted and payment fraud can be the result.
Consider an SPV wallet. It follows the highest work chain. A miner who has not upgraded receives a transaction that violates the new rule, doesn't realise, and includes it anyway. Their block is broadcast. The block is not valid, but because some nodes haven't upgraded it propagates around for a while and some SPV nodes see it. Some user looks at their screen and sees that the payment they just received has one confirmation. Perhaps they're doing an in person currency trade and hand over dollars or euros in cash when they see that. The fraudster leaves, then a few minutes later the transaction goes back from one confirm to zero. 
In both cases payment fraud is the result. In the first case the merchants node calculated a wrong ledger, in the second case a miner did and the SPV wallet believed it. The outcome is the same.


I know you may have been told that, but it's not true.
A soft fork could easily break all kinds of basic rules, like giving an appointed Core Developer the power to arbitrarily create money from nothing, or destroy other people's. You'd do it like this:
* Redefine an OP_NOP to a new opcode, call it OP_CONTROL_LEDGER. The arguments are a set of edits to the ledger and a signature from a blessed Core Developer key.
* Once enough miners support the change, the new Ben Bernanke creates a transaction that moves a tiny amount of money from his own wallet back to himself, and creates an output with a single OP_CONTROL_LEDGER instruction in it.
* Because it's a soft fork, anyone can create an input that connects to that output and old nodes will see it as just a regular spend of a tiny amount of money. But those blocks will eventually be orphaned out by upgraded miners. When new nodes see the core developer spend that output though, signed by the special key, they will directly modify the ledger according to the instructions as seen within the argument.
This would directly undermine one of the most basic promises Bitcoin makes, and it can be done with a soft fork. There's just no difference between them at all in this respect.
@_date: 2015-09-28 17:54:01
Right now most ecosystem players are saying either "we want Core to decide" (status quo) or "we support XT but can't admit it in case we get DoSd/deleted from bitcoin.org" or "we will just do whatever the majority does". 
This fight has become exceptionally nasty and most people, even those with businesses that depend on growth, are keeping their heads down rather than get caught in the crossfire.
Additionally, as you may have seen, some of supporters of Bitcoin Core (and its developers) aren't above saying things that just aren't true. That sort of behaviour scares the crap out of most people who would rather say nothing than be on the receiving end of character assassination attacks.
It's easily possible for a sufficiently aggressive minority to end up taking over Bitcoin through social means, regardless of the technology it has.
@_date: 2015-09-09 11:18:01
Thanks! In fairness, I learned about the Liberum Veto (and many other interesting topics) from reading posts of other bitcoiners.
@_date: 2015-09-03 10:07:31
Gavin is already going and we agree on block size related things completely. He is my proxy.
@_date: 2015-09-07 12:11:54
Re: bandwidth data:
Take a look at this post by Rusty:


Doubling every two years (BIP 101) would be about 40%, a bit higher. So not very far. But now consider the improvement over a longer time scale. When I first used the internet at home about 20 years ago, I had a 33.6kbit model. It was normal at the time. I now have a 75 megabit/sec connection at home. So that's a roughly 2000x increase in 20 years. BIP 101 caps out at assuming a 1000x increase. It's conservative.
Also bear in mind that running Bitcoin doesn't max out your internet connection today, or anything even close (in steady state; it will use it all if you're sending the full chain to a newly installed node).
So there's plenty of headroom.
By the way, I did all these calculations years ago. Do you really think I'd have spent so much time developing Bitcoin if I thought it couldn't become a major success? Here's a document I wrote that looks at CPU, bandwidth, storage, all of it...
Re: PlanetLab. As we said on the thread on the XT mailing list, real tests with real nodes on real computers spread around the world (different VPS providers) were already done last year. I do not agree that Gavin's testing was "highly inadequate". We've got nothing against doing *even more* testing with PlanetLab, but as Gavin says, you have to know what you're actually testing for.


I don't think it's a waste of time. I think it *might* end up being a waste of time, if what is produced works worse than ordinary Bitcoin does, which is highly possible.
Yes, Gavin and I disagree on this topic. I look at our trivial traffic levels today, I look at how fast computers are, and I think .... wow. Bitcoin needs to get mind-blowingly more popular than it is today before we ever hit any kinds of problems at all. Making Bitcoin so popular is hard work. 
I think Gavin is more of a bridge-builder than I am. He is happy to say "sure, this is ugly and can-kicking but we need it anyway" if he thinks it'd help unruffle feathers, bring about cooperation and agreement (it didn't). BIP 101 indicates what he actually believes when he's not trying to make nice: computers are fast and getting faster, Bitcoin is small and growing only slowly. There is little risk. Put another way, we can "kick the can" with current technology all the way to the moon. If one day we go to the moon, sure, fine, we'll need a Bitcoin 2.0. Maybe. But who cares? That's so far in the future that by the time it happens we might all be dead.


That certainly is the right sort of thing to say, but the problems remain:
1. The conference says nobody can discuss BIPs. Jeff intends to anyway and this has been triggering arguments on private threads I'm CCd on, so I can see this ugly fight play out.
2. Regardless of what Adam picks, his own employees disagree, and Wladimir still demands consensus. Additionally, Wladimir also doesn't want the block size to rise. So what Adam wants is largely irrelevant until that roadblock is demolished.
Re: debate. There can be no decorous debate when one side simply isn't reading or responding to arguments from the other side. Go find the reasoned, well written rebuttals to the articles Gavin and I have painstakingly put together over the last 6 months. There aren't any because, as I just showed, Gregory doesn't even seem to be reading Gavin's work.
@_date: 2015-04-27 14:23:17
Yes, American banks are very lax with the kinds of excuses they accept - especially against online only merchants who can't go to the competition (cash) - nonetheless you haven't cited any data to indicate the original numbers I provided are wrong. Merchants do appeal and they do often win.
@_date: 2015-04-16 08:55:55
Thanks for the thought! I think the other now has $40 in misdirected tips! :o
@_date: 2015-09-04 17:20:11
There will soon be an XT release that has a size limited mempool and thus handles overflow better. This is about the best kind of response possible right now. It works by just shooting random transactions when there's no more space.
In other words it converts one type of failure under load into another type.
I realise it may seem like "putting pressure" on devs like me and Gavin results in fixes of some kind. But some things can't be fixed reasonably. Given how anonymous Bitcoin is, there's very little that can be done to prioritise transactions properly: just a handful of signals and once they are gone, the only defence is to raise the block size limit. But yeah....... not within our power to just unilaterally do that, is it?
@_date: 2015-04-28 16:23:44


Is it? I never heard of such a dispute. How would a cinema even prove this? Infrared CCTV pointed at the audience at all times? Seems tricky. In practice, I think cinemas just do it, and punters rely on reputation and commercial self interest to calculate the risk of random unjustified evictions.
I think your attempts to rationalise the hundreds of thousands of people who work in the online services sector as collectively "damaged" are kind of offensive, to be honest, and not particularly helpful. If you want to make a site whose competitive edge is "we submit all account terminations to arbitration" then go ahead, but I think you'll find this problem is small enough that it's not enough for people to really care about. Site operators are already well incentivised to minimise the damage done by abuse false positives.
@_date: 2015-09-30 13:56:51
I suggested that name. Calling it that was an attempt to give the term "core dev" some actual meaning. It didn't really work out that way. The previous name was just "Bitcoin" though which was confusing.
At the time the idea that we might find ourselves in this situation didn't occur to me. The fact that people can fork Bitcoin (and therefore the block chain) by choosing what software to run is fundamental to decentralisation, so the notion that some developers might try to argue There Must Be Only One, Highlander style, or that "core devs" were some kind of coherent central planning committee didn't cross my mind. From that perspective the brand was irrelevant.
@_date: 2015-04-21 11:58:41
They've made a little pledging client in Javascript. The web site is the client.
@_date: 2015-11-19 17:37:56
I had dinner with the guys from R3 and a guy who was in town for the Ethereum conference that was being held there. We talked block chains and such but otherwise no business.
None of them are "high level banking executives" (well, in James' case, not anymore). I guess someone recognised me, saw some guys they didn't recognise, and just decided to make something up. That sounds about right for the Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2015-09-29 12:32:00
Gavin said he'd submit BIP101 to XT long before Scaling Bitcoin was announced, and preparatory work for the 0.11A release was being done in public view for a long time beforehand.
@_date: 2015-04-28 10:48:31
It's no different to any other business. If you buy a cinema ticket and then start screaming and yelling half way through the movie, you're going to be evicted from the cinema and your ticket won't be refunded. I wouldn't call this broken thinking or something specific to social media companies, it's always been this way.
@_date: 2015-09-07 16:21:15
I usually check the XT subreddit first, and then come here after to see what I missed. But I should spend less time on reddit and more time getting work done anyway ;)
@_date: 2015-11-19 15:45:30
This stuff isn't really a secret:
 
As an example, try sketching out how to model a bond lifecycle with Bitcoin. I tried it in 2012 for the videod talk I gave in London. It requires absurd acrobatics for even a very simplified sort of bond and when you get into the real thing, forget it.
They are interested in Ethereum due to its more powerful scripting language (and, I suspect, its better reputation, as Ethereum has not yet been sullied by people using it for trading illegal things).
@_date: 2015-09-04 15:08:42
You seem to think that if you can find a contrived example that has nothing to do with the case at hand, then you automatically "win" in a legal case.
This sort of thinking is very common in the computer industry, but is completely wrong. DoS attacks against servers being illegal isn't some tricky legal theory, it's well established and based on common sense legal reasoning.
@_date: 2015-03-28 19:58:44
Once coinbase rewards drop sufficiently far (so not today but in some years), there isn't much loss to be had from everyone simultaneously re-mining the same section of the chain. Today miners wouldn't do it because they'd effectively lose the original coinbase income, but once that income is primarily a function of fees, that motivation goes away as the remined blocks can be larger than the original.
However, in a stable system where the first seen rule is being largely followed there isn't any incentive to do it either as your fellow miners will ignore your attempt to fork the chain.
Now consider the RBF rule applied to blocks being implemented by default, like in Bitcoin Core. Suddenly it makes sense to go back and remine part of the chain because you know everyone else will do it too and because once you start remining transactions that were already mined, suddenly all those transactions that were previously confirmed have effectively become replaceable-by-fee again, so suddenly lots of people might try and undo their previous payments now they're safely at home with their nice new TV sitting in their living room. And that lets miners increase their income by effectively stealing it from merchants. That's their incentive to accept the re-mined block.
@_date: 2015-11-04 19:17:33
Oh Michael. Bitcoin has never given any mathematical guarantees about anything: I thought you knew that. It uses some maths to help people coordinate social decisions about who owns what, but it isn't *bound* by maths any more than the web is bound by maths.
Money is a social construct. It isn't and can never be a law of physics. And that means that yes, Bitcoin *is* a democracy: it cannot possibly be any other way.
@_date: 2015-09-30 14:24:58
The goal of the conference was to agree upon specific, concrete requirements to inform the work for the next conference.
*No such requirements document was produced*. I am not sure how you can see the conference as a success when it had only a single goal, and didn't meet it. In my books that's called failure.
Moreover, this goal was being enforced so strictly that Jeff Garzik was forced to change the title of his talk by the organisers, because he wanted to talk about BIP100 and that was **deemed offtopic**. That isn't the spirit of collaboration you'd expect, from such an event.
Scaling Bitcoin was organised in Montreal, where some Blockstream cofounders live (not a coincidence). For them, attending is easy. For me it'd mean about 20 hours of travel, minimum. I have no interest in spending so much time going to an event where discussion of *actual work* is considered off topic. Condemn me for that if you like, but I hope you can at least see my viewpoint.
With respect to cooperation. Both Gavin and I have been attempting to work together with everyone else since April (really, even earlier). We have made our case already, over and over again in numerous ways. We have attempted to hold private discussions with some of the other Bitcoin Core committers (went nowhere). We have asked, many times, for some sort of negotiation to happen - for counterproposals to BIP101 to be put on the table. Pieter Wiulle, to his credit, did do that - but his proposal was also ignored (it "didn't get consensus" i.e the Bitcoin Core maintainer ignored it). We'd be happy even for some formalised decision making process to be selected so the debate would eventually resolve. None of these things has happened.
Given that the organisers of these events went out of their way to block discussion of actual work, and then also failed to produce any kinds of formally agreed, signed requirements document .... why should I assign these events any credibility at all?
@_date: 2015-11-05 11:14:16


That's the fundamental disagreement that has driven a wedge between you and the rest of the community.
I think your working assumption is that the potential of human nature exists on a very wide spectrum. You probably don't realise you assume that, but I think deep down you do. Given this assumption of a wide spectrum of potential, it follows logically that some people are morally and intellectually superior to others. Moving from the lower to the upper part of the spectrum takes place through reasoning, debate and reflection. In the extreme form of this worldview, it then follows again that democracy is dangerous and risky, as there's a risk that the ignorant masses will mess up the carefully laid plans of the handful of enlightened intellectuals (people whose value and status in society comes from their production of ideas). Life is a quest for elegant solutions to difficult problems.
You've commented several times that you don't like democracy and use terms like "tyranny of the majority". You labelled a handful of individuals as experts: it's common in this worldview to see expertise and intellectualism as the same thing.
For someone with this view of the world a model in which Bitcoin is hard/impossible to change is ideal, because then there's no risk of the idiots that surround you having a vote and messing it up. But technology obviously does get better with time, that cannot be denied, so that presents a problem. The solution is that users must migrate from one intellectual masterpiece (e.g. Bitcoin) to the next (e.g. Lightning), never troubled by the incremental evolution, compromises and tradeoffs that may be demanded by more ordinary folk.
The word "decentralisation" means to people with this view not the spreading around of power across many people, but rather the total abolition of power such that nothing can be changed at all. This is perceived as the safest, lowest risk outcome as then life becomes entirely predictable (and, as it was designed by intellectuals who had everyone's best interests at heart, also satisfying). Thus it is logical to want a single, authoritative codebase (Core) and for changes to only happen when literally *everyone* agrees (i.e. you have a veto). Censoring discussion of alternatives and interfering with the other mechanisms of democracy follows easily.
On the other hand, many other people have a very different worldview. In this view, the spectrum of human potential is small: there isn't a whole lot of difference between the greatest political thinker of the age and the common sense of the local barman. Expertise and intellectual/moral capacity are entirely separate; it's possible for experts to make profoundly unwise decisions, and it's possible for the untrained man-on-the-street to express deep wisdom. Indeed, the very existence of intellectuals themselves is a rather suspect idea in this worldview. In this worldview there are no solutions, there are only tradeoffs. Vast leaps are as rare as a flash of lightning in the night, almost all progress is made through incremental improvements to find slightly better tradeoffs.
For someone with this worldview a model in which Bitcoin is hard/impossible to change is bizarre or absurd, because progress comes through the hard work and sweat of people making incremental but continuous improvements. People's worth is defined not by their production of ideas but by their production of work. There are no solutions but only tradeoffs, and thus to produce something successful is by definition to produce something flawed and imperfect. Because human nature is inherently limited, there's no assumption that intellectuals or even experts should have any special place in society: instead wisdom is spread around and decisions should be made through mechanisms that collect that wisdom, mechanisms like markets and votes. These mechanisms are themselves tradeoffs.
The world "decentralisation" means to people with this worldview something totally different: rather than the abolition of power to change things, it means to spread the power around so everyone has a piece of it. As (1) incremental change is fundamental, (2) the power to change things must inherently exist and (3) human beings are inherently flawed/corruptible,  the correct thing to do is delegate power to the people via markets and votes .... and then hope for the best.
For people with this worldview, censorship is an abhorrent interference in the process of collecting the wisdom of the crowds. It can only lead to dire outcomes because the very existence of people who are morally/intellectually qualified to lead is a ridiculous idea. It reminds them of the USSR, a society that represented a pure dictatorship of intellectuals, and which relied heavily on censorship to prevent people questioning if their leaders were really as clever as they said they were. Instead, people should be allowed to discuss what they want, promote the ideas that they want, and engage in direct action to bring about the outcomes they believe should happen.
Even if you disagree with those people, I would hope you at least understand their logic.
@_date: 2015-09-29 12:47:47
Yes, there's some signalling required no matter what, and I'd be happy to see the version number be made a consensus rule (i.e. cannot be changed without triggering a hard fork). Voting to coordinate flag days can be done in coinbases for instance, as they are inherently transitory pieces of data whereas block versions need to be parseable forever.
But as it isn't done that way, in this case picking a separate opcode number would be sufficient to achieve the same outcome.
But anyway, I'm glad you agree that changes you might not like can be introduced with soft forks as well.
@_date: 2015-03-09 20:12:46
Here you go:
The Bloom filtering protocol allows clients to lie about what they're interested in. The main reason "it" doesn't work is that the only two clients that use it, bitcoinj and BreadWallet for iOS, do not lie smartly enough to fool a skilled observer.
To use a human analogy, they lie about being interested in a bunch of things they don't really care about, but then if that other stuff ends up triggering a lot of data download they immediately come up with a totally different story  - so the peer learns that they weren't really interested in that extra stuff after all. A better implementation would figure out the most minimal way to change the clients story to get back under their bandwidth budget.
There are other issues, mostly related to latency and performance. It's complicated. My post above goes into the details about what it'd take to do a really great job. If you want to make it your main project and focus on it for several months (assuming an evening/weekends type project) then that'd be great and I'd be happy to assist.
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:05:00
Bitcoin can't "enforce" anything in the sense you seem to mean, it only lets you reason about the probabilities of transaction reversal.
Eventually with the current design there are so many blocks burying a transaction that we just pretend a tiny chance equals zero chance and call it a day. But technically speaking it's still not enforced.
You may wish to read my other article on double spending:
Search that page for "Breaking 0-conf" and read that section. See what you think.
@_date: 2015-11-19 15:39:51
I knew this would come up.
It'd be a conflict of interest if there was any chance of banks adopting Bitcoin for the use cases they're looking at, things like moving fiat currencies around, managing post trade lifecycles, etc. But there is no such chance. The use cases they are looking at and requirements they have cannot be met with the Bitcoin protocol, it just doesn't have the things they need. They are actually spending a lot more time looking at Ethereum than Bitcoin, as it's more obvious how to apply it to their use cases.
But even if Bitcoin had all the features banks needed for what they want to do, their volumes are such that they wouldn't fit on a crippled 1mb-only block chain. Bitcoin can barely handle its existing user base without running out of capacity. Dropping existing inter-bank transactions onto it would simply not work.
So what R3 is doing just doesn't overlap with Bitcoin at all, except in the sense that banks are getting together and talking due to the general interest in the block chain algorithm.
The conflict of interest I have pointed out with respect to the Bitcoin Core developers is that Blockstream is building alternatives to the Bitcoin block chain protocol *and selling them to the Bitcoin community* as a way to move Bitcoins around. Their Liquid product is actually a subscription based service that has existing Bitcoin exchanges signed up to it. Moving bitcoins around is exactly what the existing Bitcoin system is for. Thus they are in a position where if the blockchain gets worse they make more money, and yet they also have enormous influence over Bitcoin Core.
In contrast, if Bitcoin or the block chain gets better or worse, it makes no difference to what R3 is doing because it's not using the Bitcoin network at all and unless Bitcoin changed almost unrecognisably, it never will.
@_date: 2015-11-19 19:18:39
Built on does not mean supports.
Having read the LN paper, I saw no way that I could have implemented Lighthouse with it. Indeed, it's an entirely different architecture. All the documentation, code and work I've put into smart contracts in the past 5 years is thrown out of the window with LN, along with everything else. Which is why it's nonsensical to talk of it being a replacement for the block chain.
@_date: 2015-11-20 13:53:30


I established no such thing, you misunderstood my point entirely.
Can Bitcoin scale and have the features an advanced globally used financial system needs? Sure! It's just software, and I showed via calculation years ago that the design does not fundamentally prevent it. The Bitcoin Core guys disagree, but their arguments are just not there. I mean, this was the first question Satoshi was ever asked. He obviously felt it could scale up to high traffic levels and I agree with him.
But *right now* Bitcoin can't do these things because the community has got itself into such a mental state that it is on the verge of giving up on block chains entirely. That's silly! In the hands of a better development team than Bitcoin Core, the technology could be improving rapidly with larger block sizes, more features and so on.
The reason Bitcoin "can't scale and be flexible enough" in your own words is entirely a people problem, not a technology problem.
@_date: 2015-10-16 12:31:29
The software isn't "broken", it's just old. There's a simple way to fix this without breaking existing software: only apply the new rules to transactions with a higher version number. Wallets can then opt in to the improved behaviour.
@_date: 2015-03-14 17:14:03
I think it's more accurate to say they would have agreed it might happen, but given the low probabilities they could not justify taking vast sums of money into their own vaults as cash without people thinking they were wasting money. For a bank to simply refuse to give a financial institution access to its own money is something new, I believe. I can forgive them for not seeing that coming.
@_date: 2015-11-19 17:49:31
The current Bitcoin system, I mean the system we actually use today with the block chain, isn't going to change the world at all due to the 1mb limit.
Unless the community changes direction very clearly (which in practice will require getting rid of Bitcoin Core completely), then "the system" will simply wither on the vine whilst the community waits for Lightning, or whatever solution they're being sold. But Lightning bears no resemblance to the Bitcoin I signed up to work on 5 years ago. It's an entirely different design which looks very much like the existing model of banking - nodes that hold people's money (i.e. may end up regulated), route it between them, no support for smart contracts, byzantine complexity due to being built on a 'legacy' layer that wasn't designed for it, occasional settlement between parties etc. Assuming it even works at all.
So if I have a choice between helping the existing financial system build something better than what they have today that resembles Bitcoin, or helping the Bitcoin community build something worse than what they have today that resembles banking, then I may as well go where the users are and work with the banks.
@_date: 2015-11-19 18:01:36
You need to mentally separate "bitcoin the currency" from "Bitcoin the technology, system and network".
Here's a simple thought experiment. If Coinbase became so successful that virtually nobody used the block chain or P2P wallets anymore, and instead 20.5 of the 21 million bitcoins were held in Coinbase's vaults and traded on their own centralised ledger, would you consider that a problem? If so then the word "Bitcoin" to you at least partially means the decentralised peer-to-peer block chain, it isn't purely about the unit of value.
Coinbase, as it happens, doesn't have a conflict of interest because they don't have any influence on how Bitcoin develops. They build on the platform but otherwise keep to themselves, so aren't in a position where a conflict of interest would be an issue.
Blockstream and Liquid, on the other hand, is a big issue because Blockstream's employees not only have influence on Bitcoin's global development, but actually employ many of the developers and two of the five people with commit access. They are very much in a position to change the development direction of the platform in their own favour.


If you think that Bitcoin and banking are directly competitive, you could argue that there is such a conflict. And for sure, that was the original idea.
But as I keep pointing out, Bitcoin is competitive with exactly nothing whilst the community sits on its butt waiting for Lightning, yet another conference, or whatever the current stall-of-the-day is. When the block chain fills up then it'll just be another slow, expensive way to move money around, except one that requires you to get an exchange account first. And the block chain is filling up:
The Bitcoin community can't have it both ways. Either it decides it wants to change the world and compete with banks, in which case, it needs to not only raise the block size limit, but find ways to *actually get really popular* after doing so **and** then add lots of features to the protocol to support complicated use cases like post-trade lifecycle management. 
Or it can sit around coming up with ever more convoluted reasons with a 1mb limit is  no problem really, and watch the world get tired and move on.
@_date: 2015-03-07 19:36:08
Some banks go overboard, yeah. My bank uses a numeric "contract ID" as a username instead of something memorable. However beyond that it's just card+PIN to log in and authorise transactions, which is classical two factor auth.
@_date: 2015-11-19 19:32:15
Someone who never understood Bitcoin and probably never will.
Satoshi spent over two years designing and building Bitcoin. Obviously he got the funds to do this from somewhere. Who paid Satoshi? What if he worked for a bank, or the NSA?
Nobody cares, because it doesn't matter. His code speaks for itself. He can be anonymous and Bitcoin carries on.
BtcDrak asks a question that is ridiculous for several reasons:
1. It implies there's something wrong with Circle. There's nothing wrong with Circle, it's a fine company doing good work.
2. The question just begs to be turned around. BtcDrak is a Bitcoin Core development list moderator. Who is he? Who pays him? What's his real name? He hired Peter Todd as consultant for ViaCoin, where did he get the money to do that? If it's OK to demand I answer these sorts of questions, Drak should go first. Real name, profession, and sources of income please. After all, he has more influence on Core than me.
3. **Most importantly**, the point of Bitcoin is that how people get paid or who they are shouldn't matter. This principle has broken down due to Core's insistence that There Be Only One, telling people that competing developer teams are "trying to do a coup", the bitcoin.org admins forbidding linking to anyone who supports XT (let alone XT itself) and so on. In such a world who those developers are and who pays them matters a great deal because they're effectively dictators: it's extremely hard to get rid of them even if you want to. But that isn't the world Satoshi had in mind, as evidenced by his own anonymity. Judge people by what they do, not by who they are or what they say.
4. I already answered it several times. They paid me with a tiny amount of equity that I find difficult to value, so I just don't think about it. Maybe one day it'll be worth something.
@_date: 2015-03-28 18:53:13
Adam's proposal boils down to the same thing as scorched earth: miners get to take the full amount of the payment and the fraudster keeps the goods.
@_date: 2015-03-05 02:23:16
No, that can never work. Unless you think banks are going to issue new customers with pre-provisioned iPhones when they open an account. And given that iPhones are extremely expensive for what they do, there seems no real chance of that.
The entire Apple Pay thing is basically a kludge to work around the brokenness of the US payments market. Banks everywhere else in the world solve this problem by issuing an NFC contactless credit card in the same way as a usual card (posting it to you). It costs very little compared to a smartphone, so they don't mind replacing them like older magstripe cards e.g. if you lose it, and the cards never run out of battery because they're powered wirelessly.
I can't think of any obvious reason why I'd want Apple Pay given that I already have a couple of contactless credit cards.
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:41:23
It's impossible to know how many miners are doing what. Bear in mind if you race enough transactions you'd expect some to succeed just through natural propagation delays and so on. So it's hard to know what's going on there.
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:38:57
I think Eligius is. There's an outstanding pull request to get it into Bitcoin Core. Hopefully it'll get in for the next version.
@_date: 2015-03-16 15:32:45
Nobody expects perfection - mistakes happen. So we judge engineering projects in other ways, like what kind of systematic approaches they used to try and prevent mistakes. A lot of security engineering boils down to anticipating mistakes that might happen based on past experience, and then putting in place robust procedures to stop them.
In this case, Authy's mistake is simple, understandable and unfortunately occurs a lot - REST/JSON are just *very bad* technologies for exposing APIs and they make mistakes such as these very, very likely to occur. I'm willing to bet Authy is by far not the only REST API that has these sorts of problems.
REST/JSON are bad technologies for reasons that should be clear to anyone who has been around the block enough times:
* Reusing technologies designed for something completely different (publishing documents)
* Many layers of abstraction between receiving bytes off the wire and invoking a method call
* Almost total absence of strong, static typing: everything is string based, including numbers, binary data, method references, etc. This is another form of "using things in ways they were not designed for"
All these things are big honking red flags for security problems.
Sometimes I feel like our industry is doomed to badly reinvent RPC every decade until the day I die of old age. RPC is *not* a hard problem, nor is 2fa. It's pathetic that the internet is still so riddled with APIs like this one.
There are much better solutions. Raw TCP with length prefixed protocol buffers is a good one. If you must use HTTP then having a single GET or POST endpoint with protobufs is the next best thing.
I know this pain from Lighthouse. The server protocol is natively protobuf over HTTP (because that was a quick way to get SSL support). It works pretty well. The server also exposes JSON versions of the protobuf responses because lots of developers want that. The JSON support was delegated to a library that turned out to be riddled with escaping bugs. The fact that escaping bugs can even happen is due to JSON being text based, which just complicates things dramatically. Now I'm trying to decide whether to junk the JSON support and ask people to use something actually designed for moving data structures around, or whether to spend time doing JSON myself.
@_date: 2015-03-14 16:46:56
Apparently it's not so crazy. They seem to have done their homework with respect to the costs.
I wonder at what point it gets cheaper to just set up your own bank, if you're big enough and team up with enough other institutions to do it. If the money is purely electronic you can save a lot on the vaults.
@_date: 2015-10-23 15:41:29
And how many of those have been approved by the project maintainers?
Ah, right - none of them.
Anyone can post a gist or a BIP. That doesn't mean Core is going to ship a release with the proposal in them.
@_date: 2015-03-11 17:52:44


Yes, I agree, of course currently it doesn't happen because payment processing is so centralised.
Solving that is very hard. I think it's something that will get better naturally over time, assuming that volatility decreases with a growing economy. With less volatility, the need to immediately sell bitcoins for dollars/euros/etc decreases, it becomes more feasible to keep them and manually send them to an exchange and sell them or do that automatically with your own software. So then open source/decentralised payment processing engines have more of a chance.
Decentralisation is sort of a relatively unexplored area. There have always been decentralised things but I don't think people have done deep thinking about the nature of it before now (or at least, I am not aware of their works, if there were). 
For instance do we need to worry about the centralisation of payment processing? Maybe. But it might be one of those cases where people can leave immediately if they so desire, so there's minimal potential for abuse. Sort of like mining pools: if one of them started charging super high fees people would just migrate to other pools, it takes little effort. 
So is it really the centralisation we worry about, or is it the potential for abuse that centralisation leads to? Is Bitcoin decentralised just for the sake of it, or is it in pursuit of higher goals? I think it's clearly the latter - so centralisation that doesn't obviously have potential for any problems is probably lower priority than other things.
Of course people do have to be able to leave. I see a distressing trend in the development community to relying exclusively on web services to the extent of not knowing or being able to run things themselves. Not sure how best to solve that.
@_date: 2015-03-14 16:46:02
That's not a good reading of the article. The pension fund in question *does* want to be its own bank. That's why they want to withdraw all their money in cash and pay for their own safes, their own security and so on. And the bank is not letting them do that - they are being trapped inside the banking system.
This is a very interesting development. I wonder if they are afraid of bank runs if it gets out that large sophisticated financial institutions are actually withdrawing their funds into cash.
@_date: 2015-03-28 20:54:16
Because that's backwards. What works today is people broadcasting transactions. There are real shops you can buy real things from, both online and in meatspace. Meanwhile all the other proposals are not implemented and nobody is using them.
I wrote a second article that hasn't been posted to reddit that analyses many of the other proposed solutions:
It covers hub/spoke payment channel networks, greenaddress.it style countersigning etc. See what you think of the arguments in there.
@_date: 2015-03-20 16:08:14


What I suggested is that people start downloading the chain, then get frustrated and give up. If they rarely make it to block 100,000 before realising "huh this isn't what I expected" then it's possible to see this whilst we still waste a lot of bandwidth on these people. I guess we'd need more metrics to figure out how much bandwidth gets spent on new nodes that never make it.
If I'm right that we get a ton of random users who read about Bitcoin in a newspaper downloading Bitcoin Core, that doesn't help us or them. It doesn't help us because they're not likely to turn into a stable full node operator. It doesn't help them because they're just going to get frustrated at the huge download, long waits and borked video streaming.
If Core had really great support for auto-throttling itself and gave new users a good experience, then sure, why not put it right up front as the on-board ramp? But it apparently doesn't, judging by the complaints in this thread.


No, I still think that was correct. Bitcoin Core was not a usable mainstream wallet at that time and it's only a bit better today. I don't think we'd have more full nodes if we hadn't done that, but I'm _sure_ we'd have fewer users.
The website does a better job of warning people what they're signing up for now, but if you just click through warnings without reading them then you're probably still going to get it by default. I'm not sure what the best solution to that is.
@_date: 2015-10-08 14:33:32
Yes, I understand the rationale behind "just pay more fees".
Unfortunately I don't agree with it. Whether we like it or not, users have been trained by existing financial networks that:
1. Most transactions appear to be free (i.e. the seller pays fees)
2. When fees are visible, they are predictable and do not have "surge pricing" a la Uber
3. DoS attackers are never visible to them, they are handled by the network operators.
I realise there's a school of thought that says Bitcoin is so amazing the entire world will demand to use it, regardless of how much it costs or how unreliable it is. Thus "users should just pay more" seems like a no-brainer solution.
But when you compare this approach to what others in the financial markets do, it's not a competitive solution. Ordinary buyers and sellers of the type that make a currency useful will just see this as a bizarre flaw.
So the goal should be to try and handle any DoS attacks with minimal user disruption.
First step: don't run out of memory and have node outages. An entirely fee based approach just means a DoS attacker can immediately evict every transaction made *before* the attack starts. Yes yes, replace by fee .... isn't implemented, makes other things more complicated and most consumer wallets shut down and go offline after a payment is made so it wouldn't help anyway. Random deletion means that 99.5%+ (with only 100mb of RAM) of the transactions being pushed out by spam is ... more spam.
Second step: find ways to prioritise legitimate economically useful transactions when there's insufficient capacity to clear them. There are multiple signals available to try and distinguish beyond just fee: for instance, priority, length of transaction chains, and so on. You can never perfectly achieve this goal but you can try and prioritise legitimate transactions first.
Third step: given that the first two steps cannot be perfect and some spam will inevitably get prioritised above legitimate user payments, increase block capacity to ensure that such attacks can be swiftly mopped up.
@_date: 2015-10-09 15:54:31


I think you're forgetting about the min fee. The spam transactions are very large. For a more ordinary transaction, you must still pay at least the min fee otherwise your transaction will be classed as "free" and may not propagate at all, due to the entirely unpredictable and unmeasurable relay limiter. So this means that ordinary user payments will inevitably pay a higher satoshi/byte rate, for any SPV wallet that doesn't want to get accidentally caught in the free relay limiter trap.


Please **READ** what I have already written.
To recap ONE MORE TIME. As available memory is on most computers vastly greater than the max block size, even post BIP101, at the point where transactions are being randomly removed almost the entire mempool is full of spam. You can shoot at random and virtually always be removing spam.


It isn't especially inefficient compared with a lot of payment systems and it certainly isn't "inefficient on purpose".
Satoshi created Bitcoin in order to be used. We all talk about VISA because that was the example he gave back in 2008 when challenged by someone who thought just like you do! So if you start out by assuming Bitcoin sucks, the creator of it was totally wrong, etc then sure, some things won't make any sense to you. But then you should leave and go join some project that has "don't be successful" as it's founding goal.
@_date: 2015-03-28 22:50:34
Yes. I'm not a fan of auto-coin burning.
@_date: 2015-11-19 15:46:04
I have never worked for Circle. I agreed to be a member of their technical advisory board. In practice they never needed much advice.
@_date: 2015-03-28 19:09:47


Bitcoin already assumes working information propagation, i.e. some resistance to sybil attacks. It's not explicitly stated in the paper but is obvious from the design. Lots of academic papers have had fun pointing out various ways to interfere with this assumption and break things.
English isn't a very good tool for expressing some of the things going on in Bitcoin. The word "know" is a bit vague for this use case. Every node knows what order transactions were made in from its own perspective. It doesn't "know" exactly what other peers observed in cases where double spends were created, but it's quite possible to guess and use various heuristics if there's enough of a time gap between the observed broadcasts. Real time is not actually quantised into blocks: Satoshi did it that way because of how proof of work operates and his desire to avoid wasting "too much" work, but was quite happy to tell people to just wait a few seconds and call it good enough when not too much money was at risk.
Even blocks themselves are ultimately just a form of educated guessing because reorgs can invalidate your prior beliefs about ordering. Usually we handwave and say that after 6 blocks the chances of this happening are so low that it's for all intents and purposes impossible for things to change, therefore we "know" we have the money.
@_date: 2015-03-14 16:54:53
The cryptography list is not really a "cypherpunk" list - arguably the cypherpunks don't exist in their original form anymore. It's just a list for discussion of cryptography.
Bitcoin is not designed to be deflationary. It's designed to inflate until it reaches a stable monetary base. This is hardly radical libertarian politics - you can find lots of people who want an end to the fractional reserve system who identify as leftists. It's a fairly sensible policy that's easily supported by rational economic analysis vs ideology.
Being anonymous was just smart. He was obviously politically savvy enough to understand how much governments dislike cash, and prescient enough to see that his idea might take off. For a guy who was clearly more comfortable writing code than doing project management, it was just a good move regardless of what he believed.
BTW he did once say something along the lines of "perhaps we can make it appealing to libertarians", suggesting he didn't see himself as one.
@_date: 2015-03-28 20:46:54
Good question. One minute is severely pushing it - BGP is an example of an existing large global consensus network and it takes about a minute to achieve global convergence. So trying to make block times one minute would be tough with even improved versions of current technology. You would see a lot of block chain splits and wasted work.
What has been discussed, and I know this is something Gavin has thought about, is miners broadcasting "partial blocks" where they show blocks they found that don't meet the difficulty threshold but nearly do. This would let you estimate how much hash power is working on your transaction. And because those partial blocks don't affect consensus, they're purely informational, they wouldn't have the same issues as an actually lower block time would.
However I can't really discuss that idea much as I haven't thought about it.
@_date: 2015-10-12 21:16:11


You are probably not aware, but I have done that for the last 18 months. The result is [I was told to go away]( essentially because I argued things that the maintainer didn't like. I no longer bother trying to give feedback to the Bitcoin Core developers due to their history of not listening.


This appears to be the core of why you don't like me, whoever you are.
Nothing makes me think I know best *in general*. My argument for this specific change is not "I know better always". It's a technical argument based on the specifics of this situation.
Your position is like saying that if there are two companies making two competing products, A and B, then whichever company has the most employees is automatically "right" and the competing product is "wrong", because the majority consensus of designers is clear. End of story.
In fact it's possible in any given situation for the minority to be right, especially when you're dealing with a group of people that isn't at all a random sample - it's made of people who agree with each other and ignore (or actively ban) people who disagree with them.
So here's something to consider - technical judgement is very hard to quantify. The success or failure of a product cannot be determined by simply counting votes in a self-selecting group of people. Why did Bill Gates beat Steve Jobs in the 1990's? Why did Windows win over MacOS? Then why did the iPhone beat the Blackberry in the 2000's? You could find people with strong opinions for any of these camps, but in the end the market spoke.
The answer is that there was no one specific reason why Windows 95 beat MacOS Classic, or why the iPhone beat the BlackBerry. It was just lots of little decisions that added up. Jobs insisted on a full screen UI with a software keyboard, BlackBerry wanted a hardware keyboard. The iPhone team put huge investment into web browsing, BlackBerry focused on corporate encryption instead. Windows 95 beat MacOS not for any one killer reason, but due to lots of little debatable technical judgements adding up.
The idea that the correctness of ideas is determined *entirely* by what a specific, self-selecting group of people conclude is dead wrong. Ideas stand alone and exist on their merits. Ideally they are judged by the market, though the Bitcoin node market is horribly broken due to lack of information.
Re: this specific change. As pointed out in other replies, you seem to have misunderstood how it works. If there's a 99.5% chance that the tx won't be dropped in any given memory pool, and there are let's say dozens of different miner memory pools, then you quickly get a chance of a specific transaction being completely erased everywhere so low that it's not worth worrying about. Even during a flooding attack your tx will confirm more slowly, but it should still eventually happen. Engineering is about tradeoffs and least-worst-solutions ... and this one is acceptable, when weighing the code complexity costs of other solutions, in the judgement of myself, Gavin and others on the XT team who also concluded this approach is a good one.
You can't decide whose judgement is better by a process of counting hands unfortunately. You have to judge results.
@_date: 2015-10-09 15:23:58
Bitcoin has many competitors. Some are in fact free, like SEPA, ACH and debit cards.
Now you may counter that of course these services are not truly free, the costs are just hidden in that of other things. Well, yes. But it's the user perception that matters: they can move money for free via their banks, and not via Bitcoin. Not always, no. But "Bitcoin costs more than a lot of payment methods, but it isn't THE most expensive" is not a compelling slogan.
@_date: 2015-10-08 11:31:09
It was indeed amiable and pleasant, and then a few days later you were talking about class action lawsuits against Gavin and myself. It's not me who's prone to saying rash things online, I think.
But also, let's be realistic - nothing has changed since that talk. It's not you who gets to decide anything here, it's Wladimir and Maxwell. You attempted to set up some sort of mediation or call between Gavin, me and Gregory and nothing happened did it?
Talk is fine, but action needs to happen too.
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:56:28
I suspect in the case of a sudden spike in payment fraud you would see merchant abandonment and sharp price falls happen *much* faster than even a relatively short term asset-stripping style business strategy. Look at how fast the BTC price can swing. Now imagine that  we see stories on the front page of CNN like "Dell abandons Bitcoin after massive fraud losses". You could easily see 50% or more price swings within a few days, judging from past experience.
But that's just a guess. The only way to know for sure is to run the Bitcoin experiment and see what happens.
Anyway, remember that none of this stuff exists in the abstract. Both miners and those who collaborate with them to defraud merchants would be considered criminals. If the lenders are not some totally anonymous crypto-anarchist Tor based enterprise who can never be found, they run the risk that 10 years later what they did catches up with them .... probably not worth it. This is the same sort of reason why lenders don't take control of a business and then immediately set fire to their own factories in an attempt to collect the insurance money. Sure, it might yield a big income in the short term .... unless you get caught. Then it yields a massive loss (jail).
In the Bitcoin world we like to try and design systems that don't require legal intervention to be strong, partly because there are lots of libertarians in our community and partly because solutions based on the courts tend to be very slow, expensive, bad at crossing borders, etc, so if we can optimise that out it's a big win. But building defence-only systems is very hard. I should know - I've done it.
@_date: 2015-11-19 19:19:14
@_date: 2015-11-05 15:02:50
@_date: 2015-10-04 11:08:53


Why are you arguing with this? The flight times I see on flight search are about 8 hours. That's 16 in the air, +2 on each side for airport padding == 20 hours. It barely even includes the transport on each side.


Yes, if you set up a conference to ensure that nobody is allowed to talk about anything that might cause arguments, you get a conference everyone says was lovely and nothing gets done. What a surprise.
I'm sorry for speaking so bluntly about an event that I'm sure you put effort into. Nonetheless, it failed to achieve its goal of setting requirements, and from the perspective of moving the block size problem forward was an absolute failure. That is a fact.
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:26:26
We're not talking about the protocol in some abstract technical sense. We're talking about how the protocol interacts with the real world and people buying and selling actual things (because that's what the article is about).
@_date: 2015-10-05 20:14:13
I gave an example in this article:
@_date: 2015-03-10 00:26:43
It is open sourced:
@_date: 2015-10-08 13:47:57
It's extremely realistic, as evidenced by the fact that it's shipped and works (of course, it can always be better).
@_date: 2015-10-02 12:13:34
I coined the term SPV wallet/SPV client in 2011, here:
At that point nobody used the section of the paper to describe this mode of operation. Satoshi called them "client only wallets". As you can see from the title, Jeff Garzik (xf2_org) was calling them "headers only clients", most others called them "lightweight wallets". I decided to name them SPV wallets:


Happy now?
@_date: 2015-10-12 16:14:33
There's no game plan because Core is effectively run at this point by Wladimir van der Laan and Gregory Maxwell, and both of them have decided they don't want any block size increase to happen.
Don't be fooled by all the talk of debate and consensus. They don't actually demand consensus for all changes, and no block size increase of any reasonable size is going to get into Core .... ever. Because those two men don't want it to.
@_date: 2015-03-07 18:33:06
It says at the end that only 8% of people were able to give a correct answer. The video isn't some clip from an evening comedy show, it was research produced by Google when they were learning how to market Chrome.
@_date: 2015-10-08 15:48:39
The XT website already tells people about the block size debate and what it does about it. You cannot download it without seeing that.
But regardless, the fact that you're deleting posts *about how to handle an ongoing DoS attack* is ridiculous and something to be ashamed of.
@_date: 2015-10-04 11:28:55
1. I was away for the last few days and only replying to emails/posts that had very fast answers or weren't too much hassle to deal with. I have now replied to post here: 
2. I talked about this here:  - if you read the original thread from 2011 you can see that it was the point at which we started calling these things "SPV wallets" as opposed to the competing terminology at the time (lightweight wallets, headers only mode, client only mode etc). I also laid out the requirements for such a wallet and proposed Bloom filtering for the first time. Before then there was exactly one reference to the acronym "SPV" in the entire history of Bitcoin, which, well done, someone found.  After that we talked about "SPV wallets" all the time.
3. That isn't a deceptive statement, it's a statement of fact that is shared by everyone who has looked at LN, including Rusty Russell who is paid by Blockstream to work on it:






But maybe it's time I ask you questions. I have no idea who you are. You repeatedly attack my character and personality, even though I must have spent a good hour or so by now writing up responses to your enormous posts. You demand responses to practically everything and anything, regardless of whether I've responded before or whether the accusations make any sense (e.g. Elizabeth's arguing with me about travel times, what?!).
How about, in future, if you have questions you pop over to and post them there so other people can help answer them as well. You're more likely to get a wider range of views, and frankly, I am tired of arguing on the internet with someone who doesn't seem to every be satisfied.
@_date: 2015-03-07 18:31:31
Yeah. People manage online banking just fine. For that (in Europe) you typically need some kind of device, plus a PIN, plus a card, plus your browser, plus your user name/user id. It's pretty complicated.
I'm not saying we should aspire to this level of complexity - we should aim higher. But you don't need to know what a private key is to use Bitcoin. You just need to understand what a wallet is. One reason Bitcoin has been able to take off is the very natural analogy to physical cash.
@_date: 2015-03-16 15:21:25
It's not really a donation. It's a pledge, in the style of a Kickstarter "all or nothing" project. If the goal amount of money isn't raised, no money moves at  all.
Mobile clients for pledging would be nice, or perhaps better, integration into existing mobile wallets.
@_date: 2015-10-23 11:36:32
First rejected mail is this:








So basic questions about bugs are being rejected ... and one of the most aggressive attackers on that list (BtcDrak) is actually a moderator. Good start!
@_date: 2015-10-28 10:39:14
In what world does it make sense to ban posts from *Gavin Andresen*, who has been developing Bitcoin longer than almost everyone else on that mailing list? Have you never heard of "benefit of the doubt"?
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:34:32


This statement is nonsensical. Once a wallet says "you have the money" then whoever is looking at the screen is going to proceed with the trade on the assumption that they won't get ripped off. There's no difference and I don't even know how to parse your sentence really - the last item in your list is just a minor rewording of the second.


You heard it here first, people ....
@_date: 2015-10-23 11:09:41


Nothing is happening. Please point me to where the Bitcoin Core committers are showing progress towards raising the block size limit.
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:37:11
I'm all for discussing countermeasures. Actually I summarised seven of them here:
But RBF-SE is not a countermeasure: that's what the article is about. So to implement it then try to convince miners that it is, when in fact all the code does is make double spending easier - that's really amazingly unhelpful. To put it mildly.
@_date: 2015-03-09 20:13:40
Thanks Alex!
@_date: 2015-03-05 02:24:58
Apple Pay is bootstrapped off magstripes, effectively (not even that). They let you load CC details into your iPhone by just typing them in.
The "high" fraud rates are coming from the fact that card-not-present fraud is being converted into card-present fraud through the magic of using a smartphone.
@_date: 2015-10-08 14:52:39
One useful suggestion that somebody made was to pick a random byte in the mempool instead of a random transaction. That'd help ensure outsized transactions don't bias things towards legit user payments.


"Good"? No. But the alternative is to build a kind of spam filter that deletes transactions forever, and well .... you know how it is with spam filters. They make mistakes. And attackers find ways around them.
Being able to absorb attacks by having plenty of capacity free is the backstop of any DoS mitigation strategy. Of course you try and make the system as intelligent as possible, but it's always going to be hit and miss.
Re; ARM binaries. If someone wants to do it, sure.
@_date: 2015-10-23 11:14:19
I think you mean Maxwell argued that. His description even back then betrays his thoughts on decentralisation:


"Uncontrolled" by who? "Non-consensus" according to who? They have never explained these terms because the only possible answers are "by us" which would sound rather bad.
@_date: 2015-03-21 12:22:38
Yes, the new version may well help a lot with this problem. We'll have to see. But that's a very recent thing.
This isn't the wrong thread. People are saying they don't want to run full nodes because it uses up all their bandwidth. As you point out, in the steady state it shouldn't use much bandwidth at all. So this has to be people downloading the chain. Figuring out why there seem to be lots of people pulling lots of data off the network with no corresponding increase in full nodes is a useful task: if it's not people getting annoyed and failing to sync a full node, perhaps it's people using Core as a wallet who run it but only very occasionally, let it sync, then shut it down again immediately without letting it serve the chain to other people.


I have. I'm not happy with the quality of desktop wallet UIs either. Regardless, performance matters to people more than almost anything else. It's unintuitive how much it matters, but I've seen the effects on usage of performance improvements with my own eyes. At the time we're discussing, Core took days to sync. That's not an acceptable level of performance for consumer software.
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:02:38
It isn't easy. Tom Harding monitors double spends. He saw a run of about 300 attempts to exploit replace-by-fee of which only three succeeded.
Now consider what happens if those are real purchases. You end up with 297 actual things that now you have to resell or get rid of without taking a loss. Otherwise your profits from the three successful double spends just get eaten up. And all this is ignoring the legal aspects, of course.
@_date: 2015-03-13 22:51:47
Satoshi wrote that comment at a time when it appeared that you would need a "server farm" (or at least a rack) to run a node that could keep up with VISA. When I first did the scalability calculations for the wiki page, that was the conclusion I came to as well.
Since then we found a LOT of powerful optimisations over the code Satoshi wrote, that make it clear this isn't the case. It seems like you could probably keep up with VISA with a single quality server box. No farm needed. 
Note that Satoshi didn't actually provide any opinion on the desirability of the stated outcome anyway. He was just observing something factual.
@_date: 2015-10-05 11:17:17
This entire problem was solved in the 1990's by the PKI. I have a keypair bound to my legal identity with the private key stored inside a smartcard/USB key. It cost me about 70 Swiss Francs and involved going to a post office with a simple form and my passport. The smartcard generated the private key once it was used for the first time, and the resulting certificate was signed by SwissSign. It took a couple of minutes and I use it to sign documents, mostly PDFs. But it's all based on open protocols so could be used to sign other things, like BIP70 payment requests.
I understand that most people have never used the PKI outside of making SSL connections, but there is no need for new infrastructure or block chains here. The current system works OK, it's just that the software is a little clunky.
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:24:04
10 minutes was an educated guess on his part, like so many other Bitcoin protocol constants.
@_date: 2015-03-10 17:51:31


Perhaps I'm not a "key" dev but I've been talking about this for years. Actually I wrote the scalability wiki page.
So the idea that Gavin is out on his own here is nonsense. I will muck in and help write the code myself if necessary.
Anyway, the idea that this is some kind of "minority position" might sound right if you spend all day on IRC or bitcoin-development. It will sound totally wrong if you spend time talking to end users or people building and shipping products.
@_date: 2015-10-27 13:08:00
We're testing out bandwidth throttling (max speed as you suggest) in XT at the moment, if you want to try it there are downloads here:
@_date: 2015-10-08 16:07:21
The sentence is matter of fact because it *is* a matter of fact: the spam transactions do pay fees. They are not free.
So you're arguing with something I never said. I do not like to talk about "realistic" fees because it's a meaningless adjective that people redefine every time there's a new flooding attack.
In other words - you accuse me of dishonesty, and then pick a fight with something I did not even say! Which one of us is the dishonest one here?
@_date: 2015-10-08 16:39:37
So what? You can't use that for a couple of reasons.
One: The average is distorted by people who pay significantly more than they need to, for no obvious reason.
We looked at this ages ago for bitcoinj. The fee levels coming out of the Bitcoin Core fee estimator were way higher than the defaults we used, and yet no users were complaining. We did simple tests and found that, yep, sure enough, you could attach a fee much lower than the average and still confirm just as fast.
The Bitcoin network is literally full of people throwing away money for no reason. But it's still a small enough amount that it doesn't matter for them.
Well, guess what - we didn't switch to paying the average, as that'd have upset users for no gain.
Two: it's circular. Get rid of all the transactions with below average fees, and suddenly the average has moved and you still have lots of below average fee transactions. Keep do that and you have none left.


They are incentivized to pay as little as possible. Why would anyone say "The current price for this thing is 1 unit, but I'd be willing to pay at least 5, so I'll pay 5"? That's not how commerce works.
Additionally - here's the horrible truth. Our competitors mostly charge zero. If you hate users and all the lovely value they add to the exchange rate, this point is irrelevant. If you rather like what the influx of interest and excitement has done to the BTC price, it's very relevant indeed.
@_date: 2015-03-27 11:28:41
Yep. The terminology and notation used in ECC is quite confusing because it redefines common high school level notions like addition and multiplication to mean something totally different. You would expect given a brief explanation that division would be possible with these formulas, but it's not.
@_date: 2015-03-28 20:34:04
Luke is using the term "double spend" in a highly technical sense that isn't really relevant to the topic of payment fraud. Editing a signature to be equivalent but non-canonical is an example of transaction malleability. The same amount of money will move between the same wallets and the same fee will be paid no matter which transaction gets confirmed, thus this type of double spending (if you want to call it that - I don't) is not exploitable for fraud purposes.
@_date: 2015-10-05 14:12:32
I agree with you that they aren't useful.
You can build trust in SwissSign or Verisign etc through a bunch of ways: they're audited, they're security professionals, you have a legally binding contract with them, because they've been doing it for years with very few problems, because of ongoing efforts like Certificate Transparency to improve the ecosystem.
The problem with using blockchains for this stuff is that it proves nothing. It's the PGP problem - anyone can upload or timestamp a claim that a key is owned by a particular person, but without a trusted third party behind that assertion, it is entirely meaningless.
@_date: 2015-09-09 22:11:46
You didn't read to the end of the article, did you?
@_date: 2015-03-19 15:53:25


It's been obvious for a long time now that virtually all of the bandwidth usage of the Bitcoin network is going towards serving the chain to churning peers. The bandwidth usage people are seeing can only be explained by nodes being started, downloading tons of data, and then being turned off again (hence they never become "reachable" in the sense bitnodes uses).
I suspect we still have a lot of people who read about Bitcoin, go to bitcoin.org, and end up downloading Bitcoin Core because it has the word Bitcoin in the name and uses the official logo, and they don't know which to pick. Then they run it, get frustrated when it takes forever to sync, and shut it down. End result: lots of bandwidth used and no real benefit to the network.
It might be time to start thinking about hiding the Bitcoin Core download for Mac/Windows from the wallet section of the website.
@_date: 2015-10-05 16:27:19
As an aside, I find it ironic that people talk about "censorship resistant money" in a forum that has ripped itself apart due to the owners strongly held commitment to censorship.


The current Bitcoin governance model is that Wladimir and Gregory do what they want, whilst telling people that it's alright because they listen to people and only do stuff when there's no disagreement. Except when Mike or Gavin, or people who agree with them, are the ones disagreeing. Then the lack of consensus doesn't matter.
There's really no difference between the XT and Core development models, even though people like Adam Back may furiously deny it. Both projects boil down to the judgement of basically two people (there are 3 other committers in Core, but none of them are willing to make changes unilaterally against the wishes of the maintainer).
So from the perspective of which model is more likely to give the outcomes you specifically want to see, it makes no difference. They're the same.
@_date: 2015-03-10 17:47:17
Amongst the people actually building products for users, I'd say the consensus is much stronger.
Bear in mind anyone can turn up and claim they are part of the "consensus". That doesn't mean much. What matters is the software people run.
@_date: 2015-03-28 22:04:25
The impossible dream is the Bitcoin dream though, isn't it? If you think it'll never work in the long run and we have to go back to trusted third parties, OK. You might be right. That's why we say Bitcoin is an experiment. We'll just have to see what happens.
@_date: 2015-03-28 23:22:23
There are three main classes of credit card transaction:
1. Card present (brick and mortar) in the USA
2. Card present outside the USA
3. Card not present (internet)
Card present transactions inside the USA are usually magstripe based and merchants can easily suffer fraud as a result. They hate this and the recent wave of "oh crap our POS system got hacked -&gt; multi-million dollar losses" is one of the reasons America is finally dragging itself into the the 21st century by deploying EMV.
Card present transactions outside the USA basically don't have double spending because EMV breaches are incredibly rare. They're not something merchants have to worry about unless they are actually selling dodgy goods and keep losing genuine trade disputes.
Card not present transactions can have eyewatering rates of double-spending fraud and that's why it's standard for internet merchants to use complicated Javascripts, Flash, IP address analysis, machine learning, lots of personal data like billing addresses and real names etc. It's a ton of effort that they go to mostly because there's no real alternative. Bitcoin payment processors manage to avoid all of this and that's clearly a good thing from a decentralisation and privacy perspective.
Nowadays quite a lot of smaller merchants that can't mount strong defences against online carding fraud use a system called 3D-Secure, which involves redirecting the user to the bank website for additional verification. It shifts liability for fraud to the bank instead of the merchant, at a cost of a slightly worse user experience + (incredibly) even more middleman fees.
@_date: 2015-03-10 21:08:51
If all blocks were full and a backlog was building in memory then Bitcoin would be broken. Bear in mind the mempool is unlimited in size. Transactions would stop confirming, nodes would crash and fall over as they accepted ever more pending transactions. That's clearly the wrong time to try and organise a network upgrade. You do it in advance, not as the system is crashing down around us.
Obviously there are risks to any change in a live system. I am not a fan of consensus driven decision making for this reason - it tends naturally towards stasis. The reason is if some people say "no it's too risky", the change is made and things are fine, nobody remembers the objections. The reputation of the naysayers hardly suffers. Everyone is just happy that the improvement happened and wants to move on. If some people say "no it's too risky" and then there are problems, they look prescient and wise and can easily have a told-you-so attitude. And unfortunately then the people who were trying to improve things can easily lose influence and things grind to a halt. "You're not being careful enough with other peoples money" is the sort of argument that socially has a lot of weight, and can quickly result in nobody doing anything because nobody wants to stick their neck out.
This is the story of many large organisations that get big and slow, and given how many years this block size thing has been playing out over, I think it's easy to say it's happening in Bitcoin too. 
At any rate, Bitcoin cannot stand still. Usage is growing and failing to tackle that growth will result in either a technical collapse or (another) fork of the software by people who are building companies on the assumption of mass adoption, but whatever happens stasis will not be it. I think everyone understands that, and Gregory just said in IRC he thinks 1mb is too small. So it turns into a debate about how long we can wait for, exactly, and what has to come first, which is rather different to how you are portraying things.
@_date: 2015-10-11 12:40:20


You can't possibly have read what I said, because I *gave you percentage examples* further up this very same thread!
And you replied to that message!
I'm not going to waste any more time on this. 
@_date: 2015-03-20 21:00:00
The problem is the lenders on p2p markets like BTCJam don't have enough information to know what the rates should be. Credit ratings agencies make it their business to know. 
Perhaps one day there will be a decentralised credit rating agency. Until then this seems like an improvement.
@_date: 2015-03-30 10:28:10
Scaling and maintaining Bitcoin Core is mostly done through contributions to the Foundation at the moment. Blockstream pays sipa who is doing great work on that too. The other Blockstream employees seem to be busy with side chains.
Most of the current proposals for reinforcing unconfirmed transactions are coming from startups that want to make money by being some kind of infrastructure provider.
@_date: 2015-03-11 00:02:06


No, we do need a mempool that's limited in some predictable way. I'm just pointing out what that "let's wait until there's a backlog" is not a good approach for increasing the block size limit. Even with a limited size mempool, Bitcoin running out of capacity and shedding users is exactly what we *don't* want to see happen. That's called doing a MySpace ;)


Gavin has been doing a lot of the work to prove the current code works OK. Many scaling problems are of the kind that are tough to predict. You just have to encounter them and fix them. For instance at some point Bloom filtering will stop scaling, but I don't see that as a reason to put off growth. At worst, if nobody does the needed work, SPV clients fall out of favour for a while. But Bitcoin itself would continue to grow. I don't want to see SPV clients fall out of favour, of course but nor should we hold everyone back for a subset of the userbase.


How much is enough? You haven't defined or justified any numeric goals there so it's hard to argue with these statements as they are so vague. Perhaps we have enough full nodes?
The best ways to tackle mining decentralisation are laid out in a blog post I did here. I don't think anything has changed since then. Block sizes are a distraction: you can already tell Core to delete old data to free up disk space and there's an open pull request to make that a resource targeting approach i.e. you set how much disk space you're willing to use and it'll maximise its usage of that space.
@_date: 2015-10-09 15:35:54
It says "BIGGER BLOCKS" right at the top. But why am I arguing with you? You seem to believe that ignorance is strength and people have to be protected from 'harmful information' for their own good.
@_date: 2015-10-09 15:26:21


What issues?
Each node drops a transaction randomly. If you simply resign a transaction and resend it, with overwhelming probability your transaction will be seen as a double spend by the nodes you connect to. Double spends are only relayed once in XT, so maximum bandwidth usage is not infinite as you suggest.
I don't think you fully thought this 'attack' through, as I do not see how it would work.
@_date: 2015-10-24 15:39:33
I will not be attending the conference.
@_date: 2015-03-21 12:25:23


BTCJam doesn't have the information either. Credit scoring agencies do. And that information takes time and effort to generate, so it's their proprietary data which they aren't going to give away for free.
@_date: 2015-03-16 23:12:36
Working demo here though it's pay-per-kb of file download rather than pay per second:
I'm thinking of adding pay-per-second to Lighthouse at some point.
@_date: 2015-03-07 19:25:40


I think it's a mistake to mentally link "holding your own money" and "technically complex". It might seem like they're related that way today, but I believe there's no fundamental reason it must be so.
One of the core research questions Bitcoin is exploring is: can we make being your own bank not only tractable but appealing? I am optimistic we can. At the start of 2015 we have a problem whereby most decentralised wallets on the market do not, frankly, have good user interfaces. There are a few exceptions but most of them were built very early on in Bitcoin's life when the de-facto UI standard was to directly expose the notion of confirmations, blocks, keys, etc and quite a few of them haven't moved on from that.
In contrast BitBanks like Coinbase have tended to have better user interfaces that simplify things, they are dramatically more focused on growth of their user bases and they present a more conventional model in which some trusted third party is there to back you up if anything goes wrong.
A lot of the discrepancy here is to do with the different funding models, I think. If you're a VC backed startup in Silicon Valley then you pretty much have to try and target the mass market and grow as quickly as possible because VC's expect to see fast and immediate growth. If you're a volunteer hacker in the UK or Germany building a wallet without either funding or investor pressure then doubling your user base can seem more scary than welcome.
Still. It should be obvious that if we can't get most people being their own bank, then Bitcoin as a project has basically failed. The abstract of the original white paper made Satoshi's vision quite clear - it's about people sending money "without going through a financial institution". If that doesn't happen because of UI issues then the project will fail in its original design goal.
I think that fortunately there's a clear path towards making decentralised (SPV/full) wallets just as easy to use as any other kind. Wallet words help a lot: basically every adult already has to keep some kinds of paperwork safe at home so they are already familiar with how to do that. I'd like to see us develop a library to print out certificates with these words and QR codes, printers might seem old fashioned but for the sorts of people in the Chrome video I expect a lot of them to have one. So then it's like one click. This is less effort than signing up for a website would be especially when ID verification is taken into account. Then we can have optional risk analysis and key escrowing services built on top for those who want them, all integrated into the UI.
Combined with basic tweaks and cleanups to wallet UIs (like mostly hiding the notion of confirmations, getting BIP70 used between people not just companies, etc) I am confident we can achieve very simple and intuitive UIs even in the decentralised context.
@_date: 2015-03-28 20:47:55
Yes. Mutating transactions is doable by simply tweaking them and passing them along. There's no redirection of money taking place but it can confuse systems that expect a particular transaction hash to show up in the block chain instead of a different hash for a semantically equivalent transaction.
Malleability is annoying. There's work being done to crack down on it.
@_date: 2015-03-28 19:49:14
If you think through the practicalities of collusion with a small number of malicious miners, it's not quite the same thing as "everyone does it by default".
Most obviously, as long as only a small minority of miners do this, then most double spend attempts will fail. The fraudster then ends up actually buying goods legitimately most of the time. They must then find a way to recoup their "losses" on things they don't actually want, but that's hard, because normally you would have to resell these second hand goods at a loss. So the fraudster is bleeding money every time an honest miner finds a block that doesn't include their double spend.
Additionally, each time you do this it's detectable. So not only is the fraudster losing money but they're also alerting the merchant that someone is trying to scam them. All it takes is one mistake by the fraudster e.g. providing a shipping address that they actually physically turn up to, and they can get caught and prosecuted for fraud. The combination of "you tried to double spend, then accepted the goods, and you have specialised double spending tools on your computer and we found the private keys that signed the double spend" adds up to a very easy prosecution.
It's worth remembering that there's no silver bullet for tackling payment fraud. You just have lots of different strategies that are used in parallel and may sometimes interlock or reinforce each other in various ways.
@_date: 2015-03-10 00:28:00
It explains in the paper:




@_date: 2015-03-28 20:32:16
Then one of them will win, and (with double spend relaying) whoever you're trying to send money to will see you trying to con them and then call the police, refuse to do business with you, block your IP or whatever.
@_date: 2015-02-16 15:44:25
My phrasing was perhaps a little sloppy. You can give land instructions by building a fence around it and controlling who gets the keys to the gate, for example.
In the second case you may own the wallet in some theoretical legal sense, but if someone stole it then you don't actually own it anymore in a practical sense. It belongs to the thief. To become the owner again you're gonna need to get it back.
@_date: 2015-02-13 21:04:29


Not really - you would need to get those addresses from somewhere. If you just invent fresh random numbers then they're guaranteed to have no money associated with them, so it doesn't add any noise. So you need to get them from some third party source. Like .... a server. Which then knows which addresses it gave you. Or you could download blocks to find addresses in a private way, but you really want a good selection of transactions across a series of blocks. So you end up back at something like Bloom filtering, or a noisy filter across the UTXO set.
@_date: 2015-03-09 18:55:45
Bloom filtering can work in theory and be pretty much optimal i.e. you download as much fluff as you can given your bandwidth/latency constraints. 
The problem with Bloom filtering is not that Bloom filters are useless or the wrong approach. It's that writing a client that does everything needed to do really good PIR over a transaction graph is a lot of work, which nobody has completed. However if someone DID do the work, all you'd need to upgrade is the users wallet, there are no network changes needed, which is pretty nice.
@_date: 2015-10-05 14:13:42
You can choose freely with the PKI. I happened to pick SwissSign because they're local, but I could have chosen another CA, and I did when verifying my website for SSL.
There are free CAs out there. They don't tend to verify legal identities because that involves difficult to automate human effort. But they will happily verify domain names or email addresses for free.
@_date: 2015-03-28 22:02:44
When I told Satoshi about BGP he said that it meant 10 minutes was a good guess. Because that way if block propagation time were to become one minute, only 10% of the work is being wasted.
In practice block propagation latency at the 90th percentile is currently about 25 seconds, according to bitcoinstats.com. So it seems like 10 minutes was not a bad guess. However there are lots of ideas for making block propagation more efficient. If those are implemented and block propagation time drops a lot, then the amount of work being wasted would be much less, and then a lower block time could work OK.
That said, changing the block interval would be a really big change. Not just all full nodes but all SPV wallets would have to be upgraded. For what we want it's easier to just start broadcasting miner shares, I think.
@_date: 2015-03-10 17:48:32
The "core devs" (which isn't even a well defined group of people) rarely seem to agree on anything, even basic things like are lightweight wallets a good thing. 
I don't think you should ascribe too much importance to what you read about this. 
@_date: 2015-10-25 17:40:37
Go read the debates and find out - the point of argument was that it should in fact be a hard fork and not a soft fork. The threshold is not that important and I don't think I mentioned it.
@_date: 2015-02-25 16:17:28
+1 It's pretty amazing that he audited the projects like that. If BashCo turns up I'll happily tip him.
@_date: 2015-10-18 14:12:06
**All** ECDSA libraries produce high-S with a 50% chance. It's only Bitcoin that cares about low-S and the sudden enforcement of this rule was not communicated anywhere. 
Developers were just sort of expected to hear about it. It'd have been better to introduce it as part of a new transaction version.
@_date: 2015-02-01 17:08:01
Would be more accurate to say Bitcoin doesn't scale beyond 700 donors per project. Though I suspect the UI would get kind of slow and annoying to work with if you had thousands of donors anyway.
@_date: 2015-02-24 16:24:27
Hive Mac also works.
@_date: 2015-03-20 16:09:53
The odd/even IP trick would be a neat experiment. We definitely should do more experiments like that, they're common in the web dev world, but I don't think we have the infrastructure to measure the results properly today.
@_date: 2015-10-05 11:57:44
If it was productive, it would have produced something.
@_date: 2015-02-09 18:10:43
You don't need a local full node at all. You can just ignore the warning that pops up when you start the app and it should still work. All the warning says is you aren't getting the security upgrade of a local full node. But that's OK - lots of people don't use that feature and it works fine for them.
@_date: 2015-02-23 20:13:11
I think the skepticism about Ethereum comes from the belief that it won't survive its first encounters with reality without some battle scars. Gas fees are certainly not enough by themselves to ensure robustness and scalability any more than Bitcoin fees are. Ethereum nodes are going to have various kinds of hard physical limits that they bump up against and unexpected consequences of various design decisions, just like Bitcoin did.  Especially so because Ethereum is vastly more complex than Bitcoin, and complexity is the root of bugs. And then assuming there are users, there will be a need to make quick fixes, and it'll end up with various strange limits and exceptions too.
But given that it simply doesn't do anything yet, we will have to wait and see how it turns out.


Web 3.0? Buzzwords aren't going to help.
So far every time I've seen a presentation by the Ethereum guys they massively mix up and conflate things they *want* to exist with things that actually do. Sometimes to the extent that they claim stuff exists when it actually doesn't (this is a very sharp practice that has hurt my respect for them considerably).


That seems rather unfair. Almost all projects I'm aware of are server assisted. Then you just click the link to the project file you want and click it in the download tray once it's there. The app will open, the project will appear and you can then pledge money with a single button press.
If you're going to say Ethereum has a reliable way to move data around without some servers sitting around on the internet waiting to help you, I'm all ears.
I find the sleth demo is not very convincing. The UI is clearly not intended for normal users, it didn't work reliably and it runs in a web browser anyway, so it can just as easily be a server side app security-wise. If you wanted to implement a Bitcoin slot machine using crypto-smartness, then SatoshiDice showed how to do it a long time ago.
@_date: 2015-02-20 19:36:05


It doesn't matter whether they choose inflation or internal wage reductions. Ultimately Greece is going to end up poorer, no matter what. If they cannot afford their social safety net now, they won't be able to afford it by printing new drachma either.
The only difference between going to the ND vs sticking with the Euro and lowering their prices dramatically is printing ND would result in a massive transfer of wealth from the few Greeks who have actually managed to build successful businesses and save money, to the government, whilst simultaneously allowing them to continue having a dysfunctional tax collection system. Needless to say there's a reason why Greeks desperately want to keep the Euro. They know what happens if they exit the Euro - hyperinflationary doom as the government grabs any savings it can find so it can rehire armies of cleaners for government buildings.
The right thing to do is deflate the Greek economy, a lot, whilst sticking with the Euro. And Greek's know it, which is why they keep saying they're not gonna Grexit. The ECB isn't perfect at all, but it's probably still a lot more disciplined than a Greek central bank would be.
@_date: 2015-02-23 11:23:19
Ethereum has the luxury of not having to impose any arbitrary limits on its system because they haven't actually launched yet, and they haven't had years of people finding obscure ways to waste resources and break things.
The 684 pledge limit isn't something fundamental. It's a restriction that is related to artificial scaling limits in the protocol (both block size as the FAQ says and also some anti-CPU DoS stuff I'd rather not highlight in detail). Fixing it means scaling Bitcoin up, which is either simple or complicated depending on your perspective and what level of traffic we're talking about.
Gregory is right - virtually all the effort in Lighthouse has gone into the UI and dealing with edge cases that affect complicated peer to peer systems, like when the project server has a different view of the system than the client.
With respect to being cumbersome, well, you need to download an app and then send it money. I'm not sure how Ethereum would avoid this - last I checked they were developing their own browser app called Mist, so you'd still need to download something, and then you would still need to obtain ETH and send them to the browser app, and then you'd need to browse to some assurance contract somehow. I doubt it'd be any smoother than Lighthouse.
@_date: 2015-02-05 21:54:11
That's hyperbolic. The author either forgot about or doesn't know about S/MIME, which works fine (better usability than GPG at least). If GPG stops being developed, plenty of people will still be sending and receiving encrypted emails without it.
@_date: 2015-02-18 12:49:35
Without this requirement it's easy to use stolen credentials. There's a healthy trade in genuine but stolen passports and drivers licenses.
@_date: 2015-02-18 12:54:08
I'd love to hear how the police thing ended up being resolved. It seems like if banks are willing to provide insta-credit with no checking beyond a gameable document check, there'd be lots of ways to cash those cards out.
@_date: 2015-10-05 11:21:37


I'm afraid I see the exact opposite. 
@_date: 2015-02-16 14:35:55
If the creator can't give it instructions to follow any more, then arguably it is not owned.
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:06:32
@_date: 2015-10-08 13:47:25
Then you still ran out of memory despite the default limit. If you are on ARM, then I guess you're on a small device without much RAM. Try setting the flag to a lower value.
The current code expresses the limit as number of transactions. It'd be better to express it as number of bytes. It's not hard to do and there's been some talk of improving it on the mailing list. As apparently these flooding attacks are now a fact of life we should improve the limiter again as the next highest priority.
(of course, with more capacity, such attacks would be cleared much faster).
@_date: 2015-02-23 11:32:15
Can you please show me how to get the same or better user experience as Lighthouse with Ethereum, today? I mean, an app that everyone can download, run, create a project, complete a fundraise, etc? 
If it exists why does nobody seem to be using it?
I think the Ethereum guys have done a great job of marketing their platform as a silver bullet that solves everything. But where's the product? It's not launched yet because it's not ready. When it is ready, we'll see what they've built. A few months ago I saw a demo of Mist at a conference in Bulgaria and there was very little there. If they've found a way to build simple, slick UI on top of smart contracts in days instead of months then fair play to them, I will be duly impressed.
But most of the work that went into Lighthouse was boring stuff like figuring out exactly how the UI should look, doing animations, making auto update work well, ensuring users can't enter invalid inputs, allowing export of pledge data to CSV, fixing bugs that only show up on Windows or Linux or MacOS and most of all screwing about with all the horrible UI state issues that only crop up in peer to peer software. If Ethereum has found a way to simplify all that stuff it won't only help the cryptocurrency space. It'd be a breakthrough in general software engineering.
@_date: 2015-10-23 17:46:26
It was not resolved. They just decided to ignore the people who objected (not just me). 
Bitcoin Core does not operate on "consensus based development" regardless of what you've been told. For instance they merged the make-BIP37-optional patch even though several devs objected, they merged this even though there were people who objected, etc.
Block sizes aren't rising because Maxwell and van der Laan don't want them to. That's the end of it.
@_date: 2015-02-12 12:22:44
This is an unfortunate and common source of confusion.
The name "Ripple" originally referred to an innovative form of decentralised, debt based money that was built on social relationships between people. It was designed by Ryan Fugger, a man who taught me a lot about the nature of money ... this was all taking place years before Bitcoin was announced. 
Eventually Jed McCaleb decided he didn't like the energy-intensive nature of Bitcoin mining and independently came up with a vaguely Ripple-like mechanism, though it was quite different in the details. I think I was the first to point out to him that his idea sounded like Ripple, in this thread:
Eventually he did a deal with Ryan to use the Ripple name. OpenCoin has since gone in quite a different direction to the original Ripple idea, but a few of the original inspirations are still visible.
Going back over the archives, it seems I probably learned about Bitcoin via the Ripple Users mailing list:
At least, this post from me appears to predate my mail to Satoshi by a few days or so.
@_date: 2015-02-20 19:57:31
Bitcoin wastes money on mining because it's inflating, and inflation always distorts resource allocation decisions.
Yes, we could theoretically eliminate all the effort wastefully put into mining by just agreeing on a big set of trusted guys (let's call them certificate authorities ;). But then we'd still have the problem of how to issue the currency into circulation. And whatever mechanism we chose, people would desperately try to game it, fight over it, figure out ways to distort it and so on. There would still be misallocated resources somehow, it just wouldn't be misallocated on solving abstract maths puzzles.
So if we know we're going to distort the economy by issuing the currency into circulation, doing it in such a way that what people fight over is providing network security is one of the least worst solutions.
@_date: 2015-03-21 16:36:24
Ah you're right, I was misled by the comment about "already corrupted centralized FOR PROFIT institutions". I read their blog now and see they have some kind of ML based proprietary credit scoring system.
I guess they see it as a competitive advantage. This sort of thing doesn't bother me much - people want an easy way to invest bitcoins and get some return on it. As there are no banks they can't stick the money into a classical savings account, hence p2p lending platforms. But that doesn't mean people want to spend lots of time on it. Companies like BTCJam/BLC handle some of the functions that we lose when we stop having banks; effectively unbundling the functions.
@_date: 2015-03-28 23:10:06
If we end up in a situation where lots of miners are ready to quit Bitcoin for good and willing to risk a criminal record to squeeze some last cash out of it, then yeah that would be a problem. 
But if mining is really flaming out so badly as an industry then that pretty much resolves the Bitcoin experiment as a failure. It can happen. Gavin and I never miss and opportunity to remind people of that :)
@_date: 2015-02-07 23:13:47
The Windows and Mac builds are digitally signed. Linux doesn't have code signing infrastructure in quite the same way and there the builds are currently unsigned.
On Windows, you can right click the installer and use the properties window to view the signature and check it's correct. 
On MacOS X you need to use the command line. It's not surfaced in the UI for some reason. Run:
codesign -d -vv /Applications/Lighthouse.app 
and look for the Authority= lines. They will contain my name.
The packages are all downloaded via SSL, as is the hosting page. So you can rely on that if you're on Linux. 
@_date: 2015-02-25 11:53:43
Yes a QRcode can use either a P2SH address, or trigger the payment protocol (BIP70) which allows for arbitrary output script types.
@_date: 2015-02-16 14:32:58
I realised a few months ago that when I gave the original talk in Edinburgh I forgot to credit Gregory Maxwell (nullc) and julz - many of the ideas like A/B testing of upgrades come from an old bitcointalk thread from 2011 or so and a post from Gregory about a thing he called StorJ. It's a bit hard to find that post now because a different project took the name for something else, but there's a link here:
Putting the idea into hardware form and spreading it via a YouTube talk seems to work better than discussing pure software agents on a forum, and I've added a lot of other ideas and elaboration to the concept since, but as it is getting picked up by the media these days I just wanted to give a tip of the hat to here Gregory and julz.
@_date: 2015-02-14 14:20:54
P2P nodes *are* servers. If someone does the work then the relevant features can be added.
@_date: 2015-03-10 17:52:42
Yes, but that's what BIP70 is for. It's a trivial extension to add BIP70 support for a mobile second factor.
@_date: 2015-02-06 19:12:53
Bear in mind, the promise of Bitcoin is to be able to avoid middlemen through usage of smart cryptographic technology. The BitLicense proposal only appears to affect Bitcoin middlemen. So if Bitcoin lives up to its design goals, the BitLicense would not have a big impact.
@_date: 2015-02-21 14:18:44
Investment is the most socially acceptable fetish, but remember there are such things as bad investments.
Flip this around and think about it in inflationary terms. Imagine no inflation or deflation. Someone comes to you and says, invest in my toilet bowl decoration business and you'll get a 1% ROI, you just can't lose! But you think about this and decide there probably isn't much of a business in decorating toilet bowls. This sounds like a bad use of resources that won't make any money, so you pass. You decide to wait for some more sensible business plan to come along.
But now consider the same "offer" in a world with 3% inflation. Suddenly you're gonna think why not risk it, because the alternative is you lose the money anyway. So you invest. But this isn't a good thing! The business is still stupid and is still likely to go bust. The inflation is causing misallocation of resources.
With deflation, what you're really saying is - why invest in a company that isn't going to beat the general rate of economic growth? Why, indeed? But this is already the case - if you could get a better ROI from just putting your money into a diversified stock portfolio than investing in a business, you'd do the former. So it makes no real difference. Trying to game the monetary system to make bad investments look good is great if you're a politician who is judged by GDP or employment figures. Bad for everyone else.
@_date: 2015-02-13 21:05:27
It's a problem in practice, yes. We're not actually insane you know ;)
@_date: 2015-02-23 23:10:12
Sorry, when I said "it doesn't do anything" I meant from a users perspective. I mean, I can't just download an Ethereum app and have it accomplish some useful task for me at the moment. I do realise they have written code.


Bitcoin script is limited enough that you don't need a compiler for it. If people come up with real useful programs that need hundreds or thousands of opcodes a language and compiler might be useful, but for now just writing the scripts by hand is hardly a big deal. 
bitcoinj contains builders that let you define the scripts in the host language pretty easily. I think DSLs and clean APIs are a more productive way to go here than new languages. As evidence I present the fact that Ethereum is somehow on their 4th language for writing contracts (this should set alarm bells ringing ....). Programming languages are hard. Do they really think doing four of them is a good idea?


Lighthouse could have had its own P2P network of servers with a DHT too, but in the end the benefit didn't seem worth the cost for the beta/1.0 releases. These sorts of architectures introduce all kinds of odd flakes, DoS attacks, security issues and so on which then must be tackled. Anyone can make a half baked alpha P2P network: I can do that in one evening's coding (thanks to the awesome TomP2P framework). Now sit down and spend the next six months debugging bugs in crappy wifi UPnP stacks and tell me it's the best use of time.
As is, a Lighthouse server is not hard to run. They have very little real power, so you basically just need an SSL cert and that's it. Then let me know it exists and I'll add it to the list. Even those requirements could be phased out with a bit more work.


Boggle. Any website can talk to your local wallet via arbitrary RPC? So what happens if I visit a phishing site and type in my password?
SatoshiDice wasn't totally zero trust for sure, but it published audit evidence you could use to convince yourself the dice rolls were fair. It thus deserves mention as a pioneer of the field.
But you could do the gambling app on Bitcoin too, as your own article link points out. Most of the work would be in making a nice UI, coding up a lobby, finding people who want to actually take part, building the community etc. The part that Ethereum seems to be focusing on (writing the actual script) doesn't seem like that big of a deal to me.
@_date: 2015-10-12 16:04:10
Not only drastic, unnecessary and user unfriendly but it will also make it easier to do double spending (probably for months) by exploiting the version skew between nodes.
I see no evidence that this is necessary. [Gavin's mempool limiting patch]( works OK, is simple enough to be rolled out in a patch release, and can be easily improved further e.g. to be easier to configure.
What's more, it all relies on a deeply questionable assumption: that attackers are unwilling to simply pay more.
Once again I find the decisions of the Bitcoin Core maintainers to show extremely poor technical judgement.
@_date: 2015-02-20 19:50:57


It makes no difference. If your currency is inflating then any future cashflows might be numerically larger but your future costs are also numerically larger, so you have to subtract the difference and it washes out.
Bear in mind Bitcoin is not designed to actually deflate. It's designed to be stable. In a system with a stable monetary base and a stable/stagnant economy, prices should remain where they are. If the economy grows and demand for money is higher then prices will fall as the currency becomes more valuable but if that triggers economic problems, the economy would stop growing and the prices would go back to being stable again.
What people *really* want is a currency that never experiences changes in value, either inflation or deflation. However that is very hard to do. Existing economies with 0% inflation e.g. Switzerland don't really fit the criteria because "inflation" in these economies is a measurement of a subset of all prices, not the total set.
Bitcoin's stable monetary base means that economic growth == lower prices, which is what we'd intuitively expect and hope for, and is probably the best we can do. But almost by definition those prices fall because of increases in productivity and supply i.e. we are wealthier and make more stuff. They aren't falling because corporations are reducing supply, as Varoufakis argues.
I think the main difference here is the mechanism that would underlie the inflation. In a system whereby 90% of all money is issued in the form of bank loans, global deflation can occur if people are paying back loans faster than they are taking them out and thus the money supply is actually shrinking. But that wouldn't be the case for a Bitcoin based economy (once the inflation schedule ends).
@_date: 2015-02-23 11:26:10
You don't need smart contracts for that. Just have a web form in PHP where the user says "I want to donate 1 BTC" and then it generates a BIP 70 payment request that splits that 1 BTC up according to your percentage rules and volunteer addresses. If the users wallet supports BIP70, it will automatically make a multi-send and transmit it.
@_date: 2015-10-08 13:52:12


The spam transactions do pay fees, if you hadn't already noticed.
The chances of the limiter discarding a legitimate transaction are extremely low. Consider that in normal operation there is only around 500kb on average of legit transactions. If you limit your memory pool to, say, 50mb, then you will discard a spam transaction with 99% probability. If you add another 50mb of RAM then the probability is 500kb / 100mb = 0.5% of discarding a legit transaction.
That's the worst case, when all spam transactions are unrelated. In practice they normally chain off each other. Then if your node picks a spam tx, all the children are deleted too, giving even better results.
A fee based approach sounds intuitively correct, but remember that users are incentivised to pay the lowest fee possible. Thus once a flooding attack starts, the attacker doesn't have to pay very much to get rid of ALL pending transactions. By doing it in waves he can repeatedly evict whatever transactions are sent by users.
@_date: 2015-02-25 17:18:48
Nice, though that Windows install list is a total non-starter. Packaging, people! 
@_date: 2015-03-28 20:10:07
His response is here:


I'm not sure what to make of this. Between them BitPay and Coinbase have tens of thousands of merchants, all of which are accepting transactions within a few seconds. I thought about writing a script to scrape the BitPay merchant directory and just listing all of them in a reply, but I'm working on other things at the moment.
In fact, at the time I started that thread I was sitting in a cafe that accepts Bitcoin, and they of course accept unconfirmed transactions. *All* physical shops I've ever used that accept Bitcoin use unconfirmed transactions.
All I can conclude from Peter's response is that he never actually uses Bitcoin to buy things.
@_date: 2015-02-16 19:14:27
Haha :D
@_date: 2015-03-05 02:21:05
Bear in mind that you aren't being told the false positive rates. It's easy to have low fraud rates if you constantly block legitimate transactions, and I hear from Americans about how they get legit purchases denied all the time.
@_date: 2015-03-28 20:49:34
Right. Gavin mentioned the share broadcast idea when I sent him the other double spending article to review. I like it, but didn't include it because I am not really familiar enough with the tradeoffs to discuss it yet (I mean, I can guess, but I would want to review some wizardly discussions first).
W.R.T. it being opt in: I don't fully grok why a payment fraudster wouldn't just opt in?
@_date: 2015-03-13 23:57:39
The spectrum between full node and "bitbank terminal" has many points on it that we haven't explored today. For instance nodes that do probabilistic verification to reduce resources whilst providing, say, a 50% statistical guarantee that you would catch misbehaviour. There can also be nodes that start out SPV (instant) and then upgrade themselves to full behind the scenes, or even start as a web wallet, then upgrade to SPV, then grab some kind of checkpointed UTXO set from a quasi-trusted third party, and then work backwards verifying that UTXO set by running the block chain in reverse. In other words you get started instantly but in the case of someone violating the rules you will eventually detect it.
There's lots of things we can explore if and when the time comes. Emphasis on if. Bitcoin's success is not guaranteed.
I saw no evidence that Satoshi was an anarcho-capitalist or even a libertarian.
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:08:57
Burning coins is probably better but still has the issue of allowing a big competitor to crush a small competitor by just bleeding them dry (ignoring all the difficulties of doing that and getting away with it, of course).
It's hard to find out the IP addresses of big miners reliably. But yes, just doing simple queries like that would be a partial step up and I hear on the grapevine that private agreements like that are afoot. Though today there isn't much incentive to do this because there isn't much double spending against merchants, at least according to the big payment processors that I talk to.
@_date: 2015-02-19 19:34:46
It's actually 100kb not 500kb. That was a thinko. The code has the right value in it.
There are a couple of other issues needing to be fixed to allow larger transactions. Block size limit is one (otherwise you might get a block that only has a single Lighthouse contract in it), but also there are some degenerate hashing behaviours.
It's something we need to work on. But it involves fixes to Bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2015-02-24 11:16:09
Blockstream hasn't released anything yet either, their vision is also pretty ambitious, and yes I'm definitely in the "let's wait and see" camp. The main difference is that I think I understand what side chains will do and what problem they solve much more clearly than I understand Ethereum, and it's not through lack of trying.


To be clear, building *any* language seems like a red flag to me, and who makes them is rather irrelevant - the Ethereum project is up to 4 now and doesn't seem able to pick one and stick with it. This raises questions in my mind about project management. Throwing one away, sure, prototyping sometimes shows you that you made design mistakes. I get that. But a programming language is an expensive thing to develop (if you do it properly). Making two is a strain on resources. Three is excessive. Four is where you start to think, what is going on here?
If we were seeing people really straining the limits of Bitcoin scripting with lots of instructions in their programs it'd be a lot more obvious why such a thing is useful. But it turns out people hardly care. Beyond academic researchers not many people are using very complicated Bitcoin scripts. I don't think that's because the assembly-like language is hard to work with though. It's more that building a full, usable app around the scripts without any obvious revenue path is difficult.


TomP2P *is* a shared platform. You don't need anything fancy or Ethereum specific if you want to build a P2P network, you just need good old fashioned libraries and to fix any bugs in them that you encounter. 
Ethereum doesn't seem to be building a traditional set of libraries though. It's doing programming languages, new currencies, new block chains, a new web-browser-like-thing ..... all this seems epically ambitious and thus very likely to collapse in a heap of bugs and complexity, or just never really make it past beta quality. Their money won't last forever and I think the legally questionable crowdsale thing will make it harder for them to raise further money from more traditional investment sources. I worry that people will end up disappointed when the vision of some unified, all singing all dancing platform which does everything and makes ETH super valuable, doesn't quite materialise.


Maybe if your wallet app isn't very good. When I pay with Bitcoin I just click on the "pay now" button and my wallet opens with pre-filled payment details screen ready for approval. I just click the send button and type in my password. It's difficult to get easier than that.
@_date: 2015-02-13 21:54:07
No. You can have donations in apps. Their requirements are that those donations go to an actual registered charity, and that you do it via the web.
The reason for this is almost certainly to stop for-profit developers requesting "charitable donations" in return for functionality or support, or other ways to dodge their in-app payments rules. Mycelium is in fact a for profit corporation, hence the issue.
@_date: 2015-02-20 19:54:02


Usually people use the term "money supply" to mean the total quantity of money in circulation rather than the increase in size of the monetary base:
Under that definition Bitcoin has a money supply that always increases, just at a slower and slower rate.
If you assume that demand for Bitcoin always increases, that's fine, but that means that you're assuming the size of the Bitcoin economy always increases! In which case, where's the problem?
@_date: 2015-02-20 21:13:22
He did? Can you show me where he said that?
An ideal currency would indeed never change in value, I think, but the problem is it requires being able to measure the economy precisely which nobody can do, and then to distribute the new currency evenly, which is also really hard - probably impossible. 
As it is, a stable monetary base + growing economy == falling prices, which seems good and distributes the wealth correctly.
@_date: 2015-02-13 20:55:01
I've written up an article on why Bloom filtering in bitcoinj works the way it does, along with descriptions of some of the ways of improving it:
This isn't the first time someone has researched bitcoinj's Bloom filtering when they could have just asked us about it, so I hope doing a Really Big Writeup can avoid this cycle repeating any further.
@_date: 2015-02-26 11:36:51
I was talking about the base case without debt. If you are in debt then inflation works in your favour, yes. If you're not in debt then it works against you.
This isn't fundamental. Debts can be adjusted for future changes in inflation. It's just an artifact of some debt contracts that don't do this.
Usually when people (in the media, politicians etc) criticise deflation they don't distinguish between different kinds. They say "inflation is dangerously low due to low oil prices", for example, and then use that to justify more money printing. 
Can you give a citation for the claim that most companies are debtors? Bear in mind that quite a few countries manage to run a surplus or balance their budget. There's no fundamental reason why everyone has to be in debt, or why that's a good thing. A less debt-oriented economy would probably allocate resources more efficienty, in my mind.


In fiat banking the act of issuing a loan creates the money and paying it back destroys the money. If people pay back loans faster than they take them out the monetary base shrinks. With less money being mapped to the same quantity of goods, prices fall.
I do not expect the Bitcoin economy to work without debt. I expect it to work without fractional reserves/overcommit. In such an economy to loan money means you don't have it anymore. There would be no banks that lend money without telling the depositors that the money isn't there anymore, and as a result the relationship between lending and the size of the monetary base would be broken.
@_date: 2015-02-25 16:16:51
This is a really nice website! Kudos to you for figuring out the server API (I use the word loosely) and making a decent web frontend for it.
BTW, although Markdown currently doesn't render in the app, don't stop using it. I've implemented Markdown support and it'll go out in the next update, which I hope is soon. I hit a snag during pre-launch testing (a bug in a library I'm using) but I hope it will be resolved in a day or two.
@_date: 2015-02-16 19:28:22
You're asking this on a Bitcoin forum? :)
Why did Satoshi create a system that he couldn't control? Sometimes it just makes sense to do that.
@_date: 2015-02-16 14:35:01
Cars already do extensive self checks because the human owners don't know how. If the car requests a repair from a human mechanic and afterwards the sensors are saying things are still busted, that can be information that's spread through the TradeNet to lower the reputation of that provider.
The starting problem is one I discussed a bit in the original talk. I proposed crowdfunding as a way to do it, but of course that's pretty speculative.
@_date: 2013-11-30 10:17:44
Gavin is talking about a change to the P2P protocol to relay blocks as lists of hashes instead of full transactions. At the moment the protocol is duplicative - transactions are always downloaded by nodes twice, once when first broadcast and again when included in a block. Beyond being a waste of bandwidth this also increases block propagation time, which hurts orphan rates (in theory - in practice we hear conflicting evidence about what happens in reality with current sizes).
What's the fastest way to start relaying blocks as lists of hashes? Well, it turns out that we already have a way to relay such a block - the Bloom filtering work that Matt and I did last year added such a message. Normally such blocks only contain a subset of the hashes. But nothing stops a peer requesting a "full match filter" which would list every hash. And that's what we're going to do. Calling it Bloom filtering is misleading - we're just planning to reuse an existing codepath for a new purpose, rather than write a new one.
@_date: 2013-08-11 18:27:16
Unfortunately there are other vulnerabilities in SecureRandom which are not public. The paper you cite is not the full story, it can't be, otherwise there would be no repeats of R values.
By the way, a single core can do about 33k point multiplications per second. No GPUs needed.
@_date: 2013-07-19 09:41:06
Unfortunately that's not how FATCA works. The way it DOES work is one of the nastiest and least well understood parts of the entire law. The article does not mention it (why not?).
FATCA imposes the 30% punishment tax recursively across the entire financial sector.
Let's say you are a financial institution and you have assets or income in the USA. Until you agree to comply with FATCA those assets will be withheld at 30% which is crippling. So you decide to comply. As part of complying you not only have to do lots of reporting to the IRS, but you also have to agree to impose the 30% withholding tax on any other financial institution you trade with, regardless of whether they have any US assets or not. If you think about it, it's clear why this is "necessary" - if FATCA only reached one level deep then it wouldn't work. Once your partner institutions come into compliance, they too have to impose the withholding tax. And so on.
Obviously, the financial system is a fully connected graph. So every institution - even Bitcoin exchanges - will have to comply with FATCA and impose it on everyone else.
Most articles on FATCA are written by US expats who are upset at what's being done to them. Because FATCA is not yet in effect (it is now scheduled to start in 2015 after several delays), we haven't seen much discussion of it by non Americans. However, this recursive mechanism entirely bypasses national governments. It makes parliaments and elections superfluous because if you vote for people who write laws incompatible with US laws, FATCA will automatically begin systematically devastating your countries financial sector until you comply.
Once this mechanism activates, the USA will have literally taken over the world. I guarantee you that this kind of provision won't be used only for tax. Next up - financial sanctions against Iran (it's already happening). The rule will be, "apply US sanctions, and also sanction any trading partners who don't comply with US sanctions". Then the US can financially "execute" anyone in the world by adding them to the SDN list and requiring all financial institutions to comply.
If FATCA and the general concept of recursive sanctions isn't stopped, national sovereignty will die overnight. 
Unfortunately, only China and the EU have a chance to stop this, and I don't see the EU taking the necessary measures to do so (it means starting a full blown financial war with the US so I can understand their reluctance - quietly losing independence and hoping nobody notices for a while is the easier path).
@_date: 2013-06-28 10:10:22
What's interesting is if you combine it with WebRTC or just write some client-side app then the video connections can be P2P as well, meaning an entirely P2P pay-for-chat network. It doesn't have to be all porn. You can get people to help you out over video chat too.
@_date: 2013-12-12 06:38:35
It refers to protocol games as with regular Bitcoin-style double spending. I don't think even shady employers would do that kind of thing. Typically if an employer is going to stiff you, they just won't pay up at the end of the month or day. Paying you with real, existing coins and then taking the money back a few minutes later just makes no sense, it's not a useful kind of fraud to engage in. That's why Alice trusts there won't be any double spending and can spread the transactions out, ensuring temporal unlinkability.
@_date: 2013-10-31 15:54:22
That's a hilarious comment coming from someone whose posts in this thread boil down to buzzwords strung together in no meaningful order.
You clearly haven't understood what BIP70 does or how it works. Go read the FAQ I wrote and come back when you finished some self-education.
@_date: 2013-11-28 17:05:40
There's no need to update the phone to be secure with Bitcoin wallets. They were all updated with a workaround that restores the quality of random numbers some time ago, or should do - it's theoretically possible that some phones are still broken in subtle ways that aren't yet understood or public, but if so it's a different issue to the one that came up before.
@_date: 2015-02-24 11:29:31
I think what you see as excuses is really just feedback from people with experience of actually building these sorts of apps for real. Yes, it's hard, and yes it should be easier. But having *actually done it*, does Ethereum look like it will make things a lot easier?
So far the answer seems to be no, not really - whilst some functionality it provides may be useful, those functions are also available via more traditional libraries and APIs, with the advantage of being able to pick'n'mix things together. And the hardest parts, like building a nice UI, already have platforms that help a lot leaving design and monetization as the main issues.
In other words - yes, extra libraries and platforms would help a bit. But there is no particular reason that they need to be tied to Ethereum.
@_date: 2013-10-24 15:12:43
The payment protocol is "his piece" of the security work, if you like. The Trezor is the second piece.
@_date: 2013-12-12 06:16:48
A BIP32 extension to BIP70 makes sense and has been discussed many times before. It's not in v1 because there was a need to draw a line somewhere and stop adding features, but an ability to extend root keys should probably be in v2, exactly to avoid the need to redundantly respecify payment requests over and over again.
@_date: 2013-12-14 20:19:14
Cool. Why is the fee 0.0005 and not 0.0001? The min fee dropped a while ago.
@_date: 2013-07-19 09:33:06
I haven't seen that aspect of FATCA before and I've researched it quite a bit, so my inclination is to say that it's wrong. Joint accounts with US persons do have to be reported, but I don't think it propagates up the family tree like that.
@_date: 2013-07-21 11:43:24
And in fact, I addressed NFC key rings specifically back in April:
Although I should note that the scenarios described in that post assume a much more powerful chip inside the ring. This ring is "just" an NFC tag in ring form (I don't want to diminish their achievement, it's cool and I want one). The one I hypothesised had the ability to set up Bluetooth connections and do computation. I don't think anyone knows how to build such a ring yet. But I'm sure it's coming.
@_date: 2013-11-15 13:15:36
Not at all. Bitcoin's 21 million limit is a good example of a rule that is imposed by a p2p network, with no special group responsible for it.
@_date: 2013-08-08 22:16:33
X.509 certificates are not a centralised system at all. This is a common point of confusion.
X.509 and thus v1 of the bitcoin payment protocol is simply a way to encode assertions by a third party about someones identity. The payment requestor (merchant) presents a certificate chain that saying "I am this guy and that guy will tell you I'm not lying". 
"That guy" can be literally anyone. It can be you. Anyone can become a root certificate authority just by running a few commands from the command line. There it is, your root CA, freshly made in your current directory.
Of course you will have the slight practical problem that nobody knows you or has any reason to trust you, you literally are just "some guy". But that's not X.509's fault. That's inherent to the nature of trust. If you can convince other people to trust you, they can always install your root cert.
That arrangement would be a little bit similar to the PGP "web of trust" model, but without the (semi centralised) key servers. Of course it won't really work out that way because verifying peoples identity involves actual work, which is why the PGP web of trust never took off and the SSL PKI did - the latter involves professional organisations that verify ID and get compensated for it, the former relies on geeks who do key-signing parties for fun.
But in theory it's possible. For instance Silk Road could run their own CA and issue certificates to their sellers. You'd have to install the SR cert but then your wallet, TREZOR, etc, would all work as normal.
@_date: 2013-10-07 10:01:11
Any client or computer can be told which root CA's to trust. Don't like the Chinese cert authority? That's fine, just remove it and if any payment requests are signed by that CA, they'll be treated as unsigned.
I think a lot of people overlook that aspect. The payment protocol is not "centralised". There are hundreds of competing CA's and anyone can set up a new one whenever they like. Literally anyone - there's even a GUI in MacOS X that automates it. Get people to trust you and your certs are just as valid as Verisign's are.
As it happens, there's no particular reason you would be more trustworthy than the CA's. There's nothing inherently bogus about these companies, the argument against them is merely "they exist and are well known, therefore they must be compromised by the NSA" which is an attribute of basically any successful system. Cert transparency will be a major improvement because it will eventually prevent CA's issuing certs in secret, whether they are hacked or being coerced, even by governments.
You have to separate out two things. Firstly, can the NSA obtain a fake cert? Certainly! Secondly, does that mean they can decrypt every SSL connection on the fly? No! Obtaining a fake cert and using it is risky - if they are detected, there would be an investigation by browser makers and the CA they used might get revoked. It's the sort of thing they can do for high value targets, but not for everyone. 
To feel like the CA infrastructure is somehow useless, you'd have to believe that a single failure anywhere in a system that handles millions of entities somehow invalidates everything. No system can manage 100% perfection, all the time, and it's absurd to demand that (which is one reason why I'm losing patience with people who complain about it).
In that sense it's working OK. Now for signing payment requests it's even better for us, because the NSA is highly unlikely to want to create forged payment requests. What is the benefit of that? Hacked CA's just aren't something we need to worry about for our use case. They're more likely to want to intercept them, but if they can read the payment request message at all then they can already intercept communications with the merchant, meaning they don't need payment requests - it's superfluous.
@_date: 2013-11-28 16:13:25
The RNG issue was fixed/worked around with a patch to the wallet app. I can't see how it would be that.
I am wondering about the backup to Google Drive. Was it encrypted with a password that has been used anywhere else? Were there any recent logins you do not recognise? You can find a list at accounts.google.com and looking for "Recent activity".
@_date: 2013-09-29 10:17:27
Hi there,
Seems the slides didn't make it through the camera. I've uploaded them here:
I'm glad you guys enjoyed the talk!
@_date: 2013-10-22 15:13:35
No we don't - companies routinely agree to get fined even if they think they're innocent, because court cases can be unpredictable. In this case their problem is that AML laws are written so vaguely that basically all bankers are guilty all the time, even if they genuinely had no idea about any specific criminal activity ... and they carry a 20 year jail sentence. 
They'd pay any fine at all to avoid going in front of a jury of average people who hate bankers!
@_date: 2013-10-16 16:02:54
And that's exactly what will still happen. Them trying to build a case starts with an investigation. But being investigated at all is a massive pain in the ass! The easier it is to prove their suspicions are unfounded, the quicker the file is closed and the less likely it is you'll have to turn up in court and give complicated explanations of why you're actually innocent.
Put more simply - if you're innocent, it's in your best interest to be able to quickly prove that, even though it should not be strictly necessary.
@_date: 2013-09-18 15:02:23
Have you actually tried the Bitcoin Wallet for Android app lately? It should never "take forever" to sync the blockchain. Mostly it syncs in a few seconds, to the extent that the app doesn't even show synchronisation taking place if you're less than a week behind anymore because it's just distracting to see the progress notification come and go.
@_date: 2013-10-07 13:35:07
By all means, please do. If it takes off I'm sure someone will extend the payment protocol to support it. But it's a different project entirely to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-12 06:37:00
Chain pruning is independent of how many addresses are used, it makes no difference.
@_date: 2013-09-28 20:23:58
You can also email ALL the files in your multibit directory to me, and I'll try to recover the keys for you (mike I work on bitcoinj which MultiBit uses, so can at least try to see what happened.
MultiBit makes rolling backups on disk - it would be extremely weird if all of them had gone bad simultaneously.
@_date: 2013-06-29 22:08:25
Yeah, that's a cool idea (though one I imagine would be quite unpopular).
Another example that Bennett Hoffman proposed a while back is real-time auctions for road space, so you could pay more to get along busier roads faster. The results of the auction go to paying for road maintenance.
@_date: 2013-10-07 10:28:29
It'd be nice if Google's management cared about my work on Bitcoin so much that there was some master plan, but they don't .... I'd be doing exactly the same things even if I worked somewhere else.
But you don't have to take my word for it. All design decisions are explained. If you think you have a better design, prove it. But I doubt you do because we went round all these ideas and conversations a year ago when the protocol was first being designed.
@_date: 2013-10-06 17:16:01
This is nonsense. Maybe you were trying to get the wrong kind of cert.
I got certs from StartSSL and had to provide nothing more than an email address.
@_date: 2013-11-03 10:49:29
What's old is new again:
@_date: 2013-08-11 17:02:12
No, that way of using SecureRandom is fine. The no-args c'tor is self seeding. The actual problem is the implementation of SecureRandom itself:
@_date: 2013-11-14 23:18:30
Let's say the only time you read about Bitcoin, it's in the context of something bad happening. You get the impression that only criminals or people who don't care about crime use Bitcoin. You decide to stop accepting it because you feel it doesn't match your preferred reputation.
This has already happened to some extent. I've talked to people at large businesses whose view on accepting Bitcoin was something like, "we don't want to be associated with that".
So some businesses decide not to accept it, and Bitcoin becomes less useful for ordinary people, so fewer ordinary people acquire any, so there's less motivation for businesses to accept it -&gt; that's a slope, you're sliding down it.
Do you see the issue now? Brand and reputation do matter to people quite a lot.
@_date: 2013-07-25 16:22:54
Right. If you can remember most of it, it might be possible to brute force the rest. But it's unlikely.
@_date: 2013-08-11 17:35:29
Some phones don't always have 256 bits of entropy quickly available. If your phone does then /dev/urandom is equivalent to /dev/random. If it doesn't then the wallet apps would need to have UI that shows the user how to generate entropy by waving their fingers around or whatever .... unfortunately it's not really clear for every phone out there where they gain entropy from and how quickly they can build it up. Switching to /dev/random therefore would require a lot more work and testing.
By the way, some phones have hardware RNGs. Unfortunately out of the box Android doesn't use them. The time would be better spent fixing AOSP to use /dev/hw_random when available, because that fixes everything for everyone.
@_date: 2013-10-11 08:54:15
Which features, if you don't mind me asking (I work on the Bitcoin Wallet app)?
@_date: 2013-12-14 00:16:43
Probably the issue is the fees that would be charged to send such an amount.
@_date: 2013-07-19 09:04:29
Email is indeed better. Jim is the lead dev on MultiBit. It's based on bitcoinj which is a project I manage. So I work with Jim pretty closely.
@_date: 2013-12-12 15:57:46
Each output would specify an xpubkey and there would be a (possibly unsigned) iteration count that wallets could use to iterate the xpubkeys. So you could still request specific outputs or unusual scripts, it'd just be the addresses that get swapped out.
@_date: 2013-07-18 14:48:03
I tipped you 0.11 BTC (about 10 swiss francs).
I think this work is great and you're right, we do need some people with an interest in UI design to help out with Bitcoin wallet apps. See my tip as encouragement to continue.
What I suggest you do is start to experiment with a tool called Scene Builder:
Grab v1.1 from there and run it. You might want to grab Java 8 first if you're on a Retina MacBook as otherwise things will appear blurry:
JavaFX is a very new GUI framework that supports everything you need to produce really nice UIs (animations, effects, nice charts, embedded videos, even 3D). Like all GUI builders it gives you a palette of widgets you can lay out into different screens. You can style the UIs using a variant of regular CSS, if you know that language at all. What it produces is files that can be loaded directly by a Java application like MultiBit and then wired up.
JavaFX is cross platform. It has themes that integrate with native widget designs like Aqua, but the default out of the box skin looks pretty decent on every OS. So the issues of your designs being too Mac-like or too Windows-like or whatever would be less of an issue.
In other words, if you can produce some nice UI designs using Scene Builder, it'd be much less work for Jim to consider switching to your UI. Still not a tiny amount of work, but if you produce something really nice then someone else might be inspired to work with you and Jim. If not,  then no problem, it might inspire someone to make a competitor to MultiBit. It's all open source and it's easy to make wallet apps with bitcoinj so that's not unreasonable.
Let me know if you play around with this some more (mhearn
@_date: 2013-08-11 20:16:22
If you write your own RNG then yes, you can do whatever you want. However writing an RNG is a lot of very delicate work (as we are seeing demonstrated right now ....). At the moment it seems the kernel RNG should be OK.
@_date: 2013-11-28 17:04:21
The password sounds strong, but has it ever been used anywhere else, or typed into a device other than your phone?
@_date: 2013-10-17 09:37:42
Forgery? You mean, an account opened with forged ID documents?
@_date: 2013-10-06 12:19:45
It was designed to be actually usable by ordinary people. Most cryptographic e-cash schemes never went beyond a paper or maybe a command line tool. Satoshi wanted more - and it worked.
@_date: 2013-11-15 13:15:14
No. Where did you get that idea? You are not considered guilty of anything. You can:
- Agree to help in the investigation (in which case of course, you need to go say hello to the people running that investigation, i.e. the list operators)
- Not. 
If you do nothing, then it gets passed along and maybe someone else will. Of course if enough people do nothing, then eventually the quality of the leads that are generated will be so low that they're useless. That's why it's self regulating.
@_date: 2013-11-28 16:46:53
I was replying to popcorp, saying the device/app was insecure. It may be the case, but we don't know yet.
@_date: 2013-06-28 09:51:20
Yeah, that kind of thing is exactly what we need next to prove out the whole concept. Keep brainstorming!
+1 internets
@_date: 2013-10-06 14:06:42
1) Signing a payment request is *OPTIONAL*
2) It's the *receiver* of the coins that can sign the request, not the sender. So it's Walmart and Amazon who prove themselves to you, not the other way around.
Ye gods people. Please do read the spec before commenting ...
@_date: 2013-11-04 11:21:36
Bitcoin assumes that information is easy to propagate and hard to stifle. Their attack only works if that assumption is invalidated. 
So, as pointed out elsewhere, the oft-discussed "miner backbone" would resolve this problem immediately, at the cost of a few command line flags. It feels to me like this paper is operating at the wrong level. The "real" attack is not the different mining strategy, but the ability to selectively suppress or delay competitors blocks.
I think it'd be neat to automatically form a miner backbone. For instance, a pool could embed a set of node IP addresses into the coinbase of each block it finds. Other nodes which are mining could then automatically bring up connections to those IPs after they've been seen enough times. This would automatically lead to major mining pools directly connecting to each other, in a somewhat sybil-proof way.
With respect to the protocol change, I feel like that would lead to some subtle changes in the nature of the system that are hard to reason about. I'd prefer a solution based on building better and more robust connectivity.
@_date: 2013-10-31 15:52:45
So "talked to a policeman who turned up to a Bitcoin conference" became "actively in collusion with law enforcement". Interesting. I guess the conference organisers who invited that guy to take part are also colluders? :)
@_date: 2013-07-26 14:10:49
It's MUCH harder to set up and run that (securely). One of the problems that needs to be addressed ...
@_date: 2013-07-19 09:31:43
Actually the US imposes an exit tax on people who leave, which can be 50% of your assets. So renouncing is not a way to avoid tax. There isn't any way you can avoid it short of becoming a tax criminal in the USA and presumably never flying near US airspace again.
@_date: 2013-10-20 21:45:24
There was no court case, so actually we don't have any idea what they really did (if anything). All we have is accusations by the US govt.
@_date: 2013-08-11 17:36:39
It *may* do. It's not guaranteed to do so. Someone has a list of addresses that were exposed this way and it apparently happens worldwide a few times a month. If your money hasn't already been stolen, it's probably OK to just upgrade.
@_date: 2013-09-19 16:39:17
I'm curious what they were doing for the past year. They seemed to already have most of the system fleshed out before.
The anonymous allegation on slashdot about them having some kind of statistical back door is to be taken seriously. That said, I think it's clear that the goals and sympathies of the MintChip team lie in a similar realm to ours - they want fast, free, cashlike money. Even if they had to compromise and introduce some kind of probabilistic/statistical AML scheme into it, which seems likely, that's still better than what credit cards do.
@_date: 2013-10-06 12:16:21
Users in that community do - same way as Gmail might spamfolder your mail whilst Hotmail lets it through, blacklists can be shared or individual things.
@_date: 2013-10-06 12:16:46
The assumption is that it's harder to steal Bitcoins than CPU time. This is certainly true today and will only get more true in future.
@_date: 2013-09-12 15:24:44
There are some ideas in this thread:
e.g. file download/storage services (pay per kilobyte), internet radio streaming (per per second), suppressing ads on the web (pay per impression), paying for Tor routing and so on. There are lots of things that can be done.
@_date: 2013-11-28 16:35:04
Slow down a bit here. Let's not jump to conclusions. There have been no other reports of thefts from users of this app since the RNG issue was fixed (by an upgrade to the app itself), and it has had over 100,000 users.
So there are two possibilities:
1) You are the first victim of some new, currently unknown security problem with the wallet app.
2) Your private keys were obtained somehow, like by compromising your backup, or someone with access to your device, or by a malicious app (normally rooting a phone makes it easier to exploit).
If it's (1) we should know soon enough as there would be other reports from other victims. If there aren't any other cases of this happening, it's more likely that something happened that's specific to your setup. In which case we'll help you investigate but it may never be possible to find out exactly what happened.
@_date: 2013-10-20 21:43:21
That's a different app.
@_date: 2013-09-18 15:04:08
Actually quite a few of them have been implemented.
@_date: 2013-12-12 15:57:56
Yes, definitely.
@_date: 2013-10-24 15:11:55
That's a cool site, albiet rather confusingly rendered (and needs to be in fee/kb not raw fee).
@_date: 2013-11-14 22:37:19


I agree these sorts of ideas can be a slippery slope, but there's something that's easy to overlook -- there's a slippery slope *in both directions*. If Bitcoin becomes overrun by abuse, it will get harder to use, blocked more often, larger businesses won't touch it and eventually it will end up stuck in a niche.
This is not a theoretical concern. We can see it happening with Tor.
Tor is a great technology with many legitimate uses. The desire for privacy is inherently legitimate, but it's also useful for security and other things (eg. think about hiding a complex websites hot wallet behind a hidden service - if the frontend or hosting facility is compromised, the hacker can't find the backend with the wallet).
But! Tor is becoming less and less useful over time. It's not only big corporate websites that block or throttle Tor exit nodes these days. Even sites you'd expect to be OK with Tor aren't - sites like the Debian wiki, Wikipedia or Imgur. Gregory Maxwell has observed on the tor-talk mailing list that Tor is becoming a "read only internet", but that's an understatement - outright banning of Tor nodes has become common. You can find many complaints about this on the tor-talk list:
It's not only banning that's a problem for Tor. People who would run nodes, decide not to, because Tor is so strongly associated with abuse:
The reason for all this is obvious - Tor doesn't have any good way to filter out the hacking and other abuse. So what happens is that Tor users end up being shunned, the more moderate users leave because using Tor is so inconvenient, and that leaves behind only the most extreme hard-core "anonymity or death" people who then make it politically impossible to consider solutions.
I am concerned that Bitcoin is at risk of sliding down the same slippery slope in which it becomes even more strongly linked in the public's mind with crime, even if that's unfair, and we'll end up experiencing our own Bitcoin-equivalent of exit node blocking.
So it's important that we think about these things. I do not know if there are good solutions. I have been consistently impressed with the capabilities of modern mathematics and cryptography. Researchers have developed a set of highly flexible and powerful tools. Is it possible to find a solution that works for everyone - giving strong personal privacy, whilst simultaneously allowing a decentralised community to enforce rules upon each other, just like we do with the 21 million coin limit? I do not know. But there's only one way to find out, and that's through discussion and research.
@_date: 2013-10-26 12:51:05
Funny, but I suspect the underlying reason for it is that trying to consolidate such a massive wallet all at once in a single transaction would go over the size limits. Upon encountering an error from the Bitcoin software saying the transfer couldn't be made and discovering why, the agent wrote a script to just transfer the amounts in smaller quantities. The actual amount is arbitrary so why not make it send a message?
@_date: 2013-10-07 10:26:42
"solve the authentication problem" is making a molehill out of a mountain.
There are lots of smart people trying to make SSL and the X.509 PKI work better. There are no easy fixes or shortcuts here. It's better to re-use the work on making that system better than try to invent an entirely new one - and end up repeating the mistakes of the past.
@_date: 2013-10-24 16:15:40
It's more like, Gavin can only do so much. Doing a full-blown system that uses phones as a second factor is a lot of work. The payment protocol is required for many new features.
Multi-sig is not a feature by itself, so asking clients to support  it doesn't make sense. It's something that is used to build features.
@_date: 2013-09-12 15:26:03
I think the Nexus phones are generally the best, although the stock Android One/Galaxy phones from Google may also be OK.
@_date: 2013-10-16 09:32:50
Well, from their perspective, if you *were* a criminal, why would they want to tip you off? The purpose of an account freeze and an arrest is to stop you moving whilst they figure out if there's a case to be made.
This really sucks. I am hoping that with time the police/financial crimes agencies will start to get used to this and more comfortable with it. The scenario they are concerned about is this - let's say you make a lot of money on the Silk Road selling drugs with Bitcoins. Now you want to use your drug money to upgrade your life style, like by buying a new house. So suddenly large sums of money turn up and they don't know where it came from. 99% of the time this happened before Bitcoin, it meant something shady was going on, like if someone tries to buy a house with suitcases full of cash -&gt; bing bing bing! Likely criminal ahead.
I think there are a few things we can do to cut down on this kind of problem.
Firstly, it needs to be easier to construct a watertight (but private) paper trail for Bitcoin transactions. At the moment we have wallets, but most police forces won't have anyone who knows how to read the contents of a wallet and verify that not been tampered with. What's more, even with the right skills wallets only prove that money moved, but not why or where the money came from. The payment protocol is a start on this, but it wouldn't help in your case because you made your money on FX movements and not by selling things. Even if you had been selling, it still wouldn't have helped much because the payment protocol gives proof of purchase to a *buyer*, but the seller could theoretically make fake sales to themselves. Making a fake paper trail with the payment protocol is still quite easy from the sellers end. I think this is a problem worth thinking about. As long as that paper trail stays private until the moment you get hauled off to a police station, it shouldn't cause any issues.
Secondly, the SEPA reversals. What happened there exactly? The senders bank accounts were hacked/phished? Were they not using banks that deployed 2-factor auth for transactions? How did the sender get the bank to do a reversal?
There are some guys working on a new technique for creating SSL proofs. It would allow a buyer to prove that they sent money by sending a snapshot of an online banking session. This can solve fraud where the sender says they sent the money, but really didn't. However if the banking session is hacked, then it doesn't work. There's no real alternative there but to verify the person you are trading with is really the same person who owns the bank account. Verifying somebody's e-Passport data is one way to do that - it's sometimes possible to phish or hack a bank account, but for a hacker to access the users passport is a much tougher proposition. Over time the community needs to develop best practices for doing peer-to-peer trading with bank wires, to avoid problems like yours.
@_date: 2013-11-28 20:25:49
How do you know that loss was MIUI related? That's a bold claim, do you have any evidence for it?
@_date: 2013-10-07 10:25:02
And where did you get that IP address from? Probably, DNS. Which is not secured. Hence - SSL and certificates. CJDNS is a neat system but it has nothing to say about the problem being solved here, it's just irrelevant.
If DNSSEC was widely deployed then you wouldn't need CA's for domain-level verification. However such a thing is deceptive because you would still have entities that act like CA's behind the scenes, they'd just be the DNS registrars instead.