@_author: mikebreensgun
@_date: 2018-10-23 15:29:19
Sounds like his plan was more to pump and dump. On paper, you can make profit on renovation costs and profit (due to value inflation) if you have no long-term plan regarding future family/living. Or you can just agree to let the sections out if something pops up 
@_date: 2018-10-23 15:55:56
I don’t think I’d deem a collective property investment “awful”, provided you are absolutely sure of one-another, are confident in some trade skill or determined to improve said skills, and your targets/goals (personally and financially) are agreed upon prior to the project - regardless of how the money is raised for such an idea. Going at it alone certainly has its pros and cons too. 
I don’t disagree that there’s advantages to using bank-money for such a project for a quicker pump, but of course that brings weaker amounts of freedom on the project - especially if collateral is required to secure the funding. In any case, I would not touch such an idea full-time without absolute confidence in trade skills for at least 75% of the project (individually or collectively).
@_date: 2018-06-11 01:06:27
And despite living in the information age: you have absolutely negligible influence over it. You have next to no say in the currency inflating or being printed to help on something you have no idea about. Why do some industries have a stronger degree of influence on the currency than others, despite it being a value that is used to reflect the hard work that each and every citizen does to provide to society?
@_date: 2017-11-03 20:56:23
Largely depends on your situation
First and foremost, have an emergency fund that you consider necessary for your situation. If you’re in education, this might also include having funds available to fully focus on your work rather than working to eat.
If you’re young (which i guess you are with your current situation), invest everything else that you can afford to lose hard - you have the ability to save to that amount again easily.