@_author: mikohn
@_date: 2014-02-22 01:13:08
Fiat currency promoters and many gold promoters criticize Bitcoin as not being real money. This simply isn't true. While the argument against fiat currency promoters may be obvious, the argument against the gold promoters is maybe more important. 
@_date: 2014-03-21 17:31:23
I think the situation is a little more nuanced than some of the replies below suggest. The problem you describe is in fact (though not in theory) a problem with gold. Assume there was an upper limit to the total amount of gold in the world, as there will be with bitcoins. As the gold became more valuable on the market, it could still be used by simply trading smaller amounts. What once cost an ounce of gold, after deflation, might only be half an ounce of gold. Then later a quarter of an ounce and so forth. Take note that in theory, this process never ends. It goes on to the most infinitesimally small fractions of an ounce. If something exists, no matter how small it is, it can be cut in half -- or some other fraction. 
In practice, though, this isn't practical. Once you get down to microscopic sizes, either, receivers would just be taking others word for how much gold there was. Or there would be an elaborate and quite costly search and verification process. Perhaps over time the market could innovate something less difficult and costly, but today on the face of it, one could imagine the exhaustion of gold, along these lines, through deflation. 
However, since bitcoins are merely mathematics, the ability to endlessly subdivide one coin into ever smaller sets of units is perfectly practical. One never has to confirm that some invisible spec of precious metal is really there, but only that the calculations are correct. So, while the upper limit on bitcoins protects it against inflation, the infinite divisibility of it ensures that the kind of deflationary bottleneck, which you point to, as is possible with gold, will never arise. 
All this comes down to better understanding the very nature of money. If you don't understand what money actually is, thinking through some of this stuff can get a bit tricky. In about a week there's a free webinar, which I think will be really helpful in this regard for anyone who is interested. You can check it out here:  If you decide to sit in, let me know how you found it. Hope the above helps. Cheers. 
@_date: 2014-02-22 01:23:37
In fact, bitcoin is a commodity-backed currency no less than gold. If you think I'm exaggerating, check out this: 