@_author: mild39
@_date: 2017-08-26 09:51:31
LocalBitcoins default behaviour is to append a request to the payment information you provide, to add "reference: LCB" followed by some numbers, to payments. I could have disabled this behaviour, but stupidly thought it was actually better to leave it on, since the bank then would see that these payments were simply occasional sales of small amounts of bitcoin.
I've been investigating alternatives, and think my best option is a Bitwala, Bitwage, and LocalBitcoins cash trading, if I want to keep my money in Bitcoin (which I particularly do now, having seen that my bank that I've had almost half my life treated me like this, I have to go to a branch to get my money out, and await their decision by post, as to whether this is permanent...).
@_date: 2017-08-24 10:12:37
Has anyone been "reamed" for running a bitcoin node or bitcoin miner? Yawn.
Besides: 
@_date: 2017-08-26 09:56:33
Perhaps what they're touchy about is the idea that P2P Bitcoin Trading is taking root. By the time the UK banks catch up, people will be so accustomed to working around them it'll be hard for them to put fees on anything.
It's a shame that my interactions with fiat are now going to cost me a small amount of money, but shop owners just accept it; that taking payments from customers involves paying small amounts of fees, we're very used to "free banking" in the UK. My aunt over the pond pays about $40 a month for her bank account.
@_date: 2017-08-24 19:04:49
Someone has to mine the BCH blocks in between difficulty adjustments though (at a time when pointing their resources at BTC would make them much more money), in other words, accept a much smaller reward, and possibly a loss.
And do so in the knowledge that whenever the difficulty adjusts downwards, other miners will dive in, grab the lionshare of profits from the lower difficulty, and evaporate as soon as the difficulty triples again.
So, no surprises, I've got an open short on BCH since $950, and intend to keep it open til this badly designed coin drops under $90.
@_date: 2017-08-23 14:28:26
Two hopes? If people want to fork Bitcoin, they can go ahead as far as I'm concerned. These hard forks are changes to the consensus rules, made because they believe that there should be more or less coins, or more or less blocksize, or no or more scripting, or blocks found at slower, faster, or variable times (or none outside 9-5 UTC, or, whatever the hell else they can come up with), or they believe everything should be KYC'd (actually, this last one is the crux of most of the rest - bigger blocks and other centralizing decisions make AML/KYC way easier to bring in), and they're willing to run miners to mine this new fork, and they're willing to offer services to this new fork and try and get users and merchants to adopt it, I say, go ahead.
This has gone on since Bitcoin has existed, they are called altcoins - they have different consensus rules, a different blockchain, etc. No-one gets confused about CLAMs. We're right to get annoyed that they try to use Bitcoin's name, though.
That's the "new play", these new chains trying to market themselves as "bitcoin", despite having changed the consensus rules, without going through the BIP process and reached overwhelming majority consensus.
Ultimately, for me it comes down to, do I have more trust using as a store of value where the set of consensus rules are "strong and stable", which spends a long time to come to consensus over things, only does so when there is massive support, where I am safe in the knowledge that the level of decentralization ensures changes can't be forced against the masses, or will I feel safer with value secured by consensus rules that can be changed at the whim of company CEO's. When they day comes that these people decide "halvenings" should be gotten rid of, or modified, or that minimum fees should be added, or that whatever other rules should be added to the economic design... we will see the result of relying upon a small group of individuals to make good decisions. What will happen to the value you are storing, if the community know that these people have huge amounts of power and can do these things. In the long term, Bitcoin Core will be safer, and thus more valuable, as the decentralization and time it takes to reach consensus will mean if someone announces such an intention, you know it can't happen, without the support of an overwhelming majority.
On the other hand, if the overwhelming majority of Bitcoin Core users ever deviate strongly from my own, and the decision is made to swerve towards centralization in such a way that it threatens the security of the consensus rules, that would be a very sad day, and I would likely divest very quickly (and hopefully, I would find alternative cryptocurrencies that were still upholding decentralization... but, Bitcoin is quite unique in this regard. Likely why it is so valuable).