@_author: milesmilesmiles
@_date: 2013-05-05 19:26:33
Sorry, but how do you expect corporations to finance themselves with "savings"? Especially in the case of start-up companies, the reason we see capital raises (both equity and debt) is because the company doesn't have enough cash to finance operations without external investment. That's the entire point of access to capital markets.
Also, you should realize that equity financings and IPO's are also based on good sales pitches and good relationships with the "elite." See here: 
@_date: 2013-05-05 19:00:20
Would you be so kind as to explain how this applies?
@_date: 2013-05-04 17:45:30
Why would he? That would be a terrible decision for shareholders.
@_date: 2013-05-05 18:54:48
What about companies that would rather finance with debt? A lot of corporations would rather pay interest on loaned money than deal with equity shareholders and diluted ownership. Equity (the ownership structure I believe you are referring to as "savings") isn't always the answer.
You can read more on the topic here: 
Also remember that interest on debt represents a risk premium, not just a recapturing of inflation. A large reason companies pay interest on loans is because there is always a chance that business could go downhill, causing an inability to repay principal.
I struggle to see how the current system is the problem. What is inherently wrong with debt financing?
Furthermore, you must realize that my more important point is that, regardless of whether a company desires equity or debt financing, banks help find and raise that financing. It is impractical for companies to have to do this themselves, especially when they need large sums of capital.
@_date: 2013-05-05 19:20:16
You make a good point, and that's why I think Wall Street is necessary for Bitcoin. I'm glad that you can at least imagine that there might be BTC investment banks in the future, because sometimes the people who are interested in your project are few and hard to find. That's where the bank comes in.
@_date: 2013-05-05 18:43:41
What about funding for companies who produce a product that the public isn't interested in, or for companies who don't have the means to competitively market themselves to potential investors? Under the crowdfunding model, these companies are put at a severe disadvantage if they wish to raise capital, regardless of how many people are in the "crowd."
Again, this is where investment banks come in: by serving as a platform that can *efficiently* raise capital for companies who might not be able to connect with investors on their own.
@_date: 2013-05-05 22:30:26
I do respect your viewpoint, but I hold that organic growth isn't the norm, and that in many cases it is the wrong choice.
Indeed, having founders contribute the starting money is, from a holistic viewpoint, the optimal solution to initial capital needs. The benefits: financing a company with your own money lets you retain 100% ownership and does not require you to pay interest of any kind.
But, if having your founders contribute all the starting money was normal, why have we historically seen such extensive use of the capital markets? 
The fundamental reason for this is that a company's management believes the rate of return they can get on borrowed/contributed money has the potential to exceed the cost of capital (in the case of debt, the interest payments; in the case of equity, the risk free rate plus the expected risk premium).
*Think about it like this: Let's say my company is offered $1 million of 10% debt ($100k annual interest). If I think that, with that additional cash, my company can earn $200k extra yearly profits, I am incentivized to take on debt.*
The concept is a bit more complex for equity (as we're concerned with the return demands of shareholders), but this is why we see so many companies choosing to grow with capital injections.
And therein lies the usefulness of capital markets. They have the ability to connect companies with great ideas to institutional investors who have cash on hand to offer. This creates value in the economy by allowing businesses to provide a greater breadth of services to demanding consumers, thereby increasing profits for the business and increasing return for institutional investors. If executed successfully (*and yes, I do agree that shitty companies ought not to receive financing*), it creates a win-win-win for everyone by making money more useful.
This is why I am concerned that many BTC users seem to want to keep Wall Street out of the mix. To do so would be to limit the growth opportunities of potentially great companies who use BTC. Do you concur?
[Sorry for the long post, I just want to be sure I'm explaining myself]
@_date: 2013-05-05 19:06:32
By "interested in it," I mean that a given project is attractive enough to public investors to put money into it. There are perfectly legitimate businesses out there that are too boring or complex to the general public to attract investment. Individuals are far less likely to invest into that which they don't understand.
@_date: 2013-05-05 22:06:29
I am interested in a discussion, that's why I asked a question. I'm asking how companies are supposed to finance themselves only with the "savings" that you are referring to. I'm interested in knowing your perspective on it.
There are certainly companies that have grown "organically," using only cash from their own profits to expand, but a very large percentage of companies today choose to accelerate growth by raising funds. Organic growth doesn't work for everybody, especially for companies that don't generate sufficient cash flow in their nacent stages. Are you suggesting that the "correct" model is to let companies finance themselves with only their own profits?
Edit: The reason I put savings in quotes is because I'm still not entirely sure in what sense you're using the word. Most companies don't refer to their cash reserves as "savings." By no means am I trying to bash your argument.