@_author: milhouseisa_meme
@_date: 2018-01-27 20:15:03
It’s more sinister than that. People like George Soros are heavily invested in banks and currencies. The developed countries in the EU and separately, the US, are debt saturated. This means the average citizen cannot take on any more debt. But you know who needs debt? Illegal immigrants, the poor refugees, the legal immigrants from poor countries and background. It doesn’t matter if it’s individual debt or if the state has to take on debt to fund the large influx of poor people. The existing poor people already have debt/ debt taken out on behalf by the state and lost/ mismanaged. Basically if new debt stop coming, Soros loses out on growth on % interest and he loses because currency is devalued. It is the biggest Ponzi scheme ever.
Same reason why Carlos Slim and the Mexican Government are so vehemently anti- anti-illegal immigration. Carlos makes a shit ton of money whenever Mexicans in America send money back to Mexico. It’s a high number, [69 billion dollars in 2016]( This doesn’t even count the money going into Mexico from the cartels selling drugs in the US. 
tl;dr most of these people screaming for open borders aren’t doing it to help the poor migrants
@_date: 2017-11-29 07:43:16
This would be the case if you can't transact with bitcoin, but you can so it's a non-issue. There are people selling real estate with bitcoin. Japan recognizes it as legal tender and Australia will soon. There are stores in China that accept bitcoin.
Essentially you can make transactions in real life without switching to cash unless you want to. So if you are bitcoin-rich, you're not really trapped into selling your bitcoins for cash to live rich.
Lots of people are trying to view this like an investment just like buying shares. It's not like that at all
@_date: 2017-11-29 08:35:40
Look at the coin market cap, you can see how many transactions
 take place daily. It's not all about selling bitcoin for fiat. Bitcoin's key usefulness is it allows you to send someone else money without having to have a third party involved. Look up stories of Venezuelans who are surviving because of bitcoin... it allows them to bypass the centralized bank system. 
People blame speculators all the time for bubbles because it's an invisible scapegood and t feels good to blame the guy who made money when in actual fact they (speculators) are barely a statistical error when you look at the econometrics. Have Masters in Economics, this is something they teach you early on jn grad school. You can look up statistical analyses on this, there are many.
It's very shortsighted to view bitcoin as gambling and the people who are holding on to bitcoin are doing so because they have no faith in fiat and would rather transact in bitcoin