@_author: milkedout
@_date: 2018-01-17 20:48:37
Agree 100%. There are a lot of people like you out there that know what you are into, and can still think rationally in the case of a bubble, but unfortunately people like you are no longer the majority in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-17 14:47:31
Because one of the most speculative bubbles in history is now spectacularly crashing. I know a lot of you are new to "investing" but as they say in stock prospective past results do not indicate future success. Unlike stocks where you own shares in a physical company, there's nothing stopping crypto from being absolutely worthless. I have been interested in blockchain since the original Satoshi paper, and now I have friends that know nothing at all about tech approaching me telling me they bought Bitcoin/ETH. You can continue to "HODL" but you will end up a bagHODLer.
 A speculative bubble like this, people are buying thinking there will be a "greater fool" that will come along and buy at a higher rate. Well all you that bought in the 10k's are the fools. Real Crypto nerds that have had crypto currency for a while are fine, they aren't the speculators. The rest of you making bets you can't afford should feel fortunate with a 30-40% loss and get out.
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:05:29
The fact that these are real world not troll comments shows the state of the crypto "investment" market. As someone that has lived through quite a few of these bubbles this is the type of stuff you see when the bubble is gonna pop. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:03:29
Could also be what we say in stocks as "catching a falling knife". Averaging down is OK but what if it never reaches the level you are averaged at again? You are then just losing even more money. Disciplined investors know how to take a loss from time to time. There's no fundamentals at all supporting the wild drive up of price other than sheer speculation. So what is going to support price gains when the speculators leave? At least in the case of stocks there's a real company  with real world tangible assets that you have ownership in that limits the downside.
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:59:32
What is tinfoil hat in saying that the worst case is that it hits 0? The only way there is a market is people are buying. If the market completely collapses and nobody wants to exchange fiat for Bitcoin, the fiat value of Bitcoin will be 0. It's happened to real companies with real world assets. It could just as easily happen to a class of arbitrary stores of value.
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:42:26
Bitcoin/crypto has been no secret to techies for many years. It was a secret to my friend a machine shop worker, and my brother an electrician until 2 months ago. They all bought in driving up the price with zero regard for the tech. It could rebound to even new highs, but Bitcoin now has a higher market cap than almost any other real company on Earth, and what new money is going to jump in to support future price gains? In a few years people will be saying "Dogecoin once had a 1 billion plus valuation". Think about that.