@_author: milkmanwooop
@_date: 2018-01-06 12:14:22
Hey guys thank you for the links,Unfortunately i don't meet the criteria of having the transaction fee above 0.0001 :( i checked it the fee last night it was something like 0.000069000 = was at around £1.20 that is what i paid as the transfer fees i double checked,Now this would have not been an issue if it was a few months ago..But it seems since i think its a new hard fork the fees are quite expensive,I've seen some sites like paxful which offer many ways to pay..all i want to do is transfer say £10 into the guys account and get a few BTC without having the hassle of going through uploading I.D and stuff..I thought a cash deposit would be the same as transferring some money into someone's account.
If i do manage to get a small amount into my wallet will i be able to just add it too the transaction that 
is already going just basically bumping the transaction fee..Using the Replace By Fee function because
every where i have read there is good and bad feedback from that and i don't understand the full 
pay by child one..
If i use one of the services below like i have heard good things about viabtc but i was told they stopped
offering the service,And also heard a few bad things about it so very worried about just entering details
into other sites.
And there would be no way of even mining a few BTC would there ??Would it take too long ??
Thank you for all the advice guys its Vmuch appreciated.
@_date: 2018-01-07 19:38:06
This guy helped me out this is the last time im going to post this, as i have put it on a few messages that people have stuck transactions mine was stuck for 48hr or more a long time any way, you could ask him i found him on bitcointalk forums after my coins got stuck he sorted it out for me, i left him a tip of £7.50 other web sites wanted $80 for a £82 transaction with a fee of 0.000069 and had the low fee warning in electrum now i have my coins HoooooHA !!Very grateful of this guy.
This fee would have been fine a few months ago 
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:56:07
Well after waiting for well over 48 hrs something like that i was getting worried, there was a guy willing to help, he only asked for my transaction id and then next time I checked it was through it was someone called BitcoinNews24 
on youtube..I found him through the comments section on bitcoin talk.
I donated £7.50 which was all i had at the time,It is better than waiting for it clear,I did try every service i could sign up to but they wanted $80 to put it through some places wanted allot more than that, I tried all of the methods posted and just was not working, i was constantly getting error messages,Thing is I did not have to pay until it was confirmed which is great we need more people like that.
But 7 minutes later it went through he said it might take 3hrs or even 6hrs it was a genuine mistake i will try not to make next time.Thanks for the help guys.
I found his youtube channel here i received a message on bitcointalk forum with his new youtube channel.
@_date: 2018-01-07 19:25:31
Hi mine was stuck for a long time this guy called BitcoinNews24 sorted mine out, i had seen some thing mentioned on bitcointalk forum, i had sent a low transaction fee by mistake.
Once it cleared i made a small donation but was confirmed in 7 mins or so, after the initial email he sent me telling me it had been added to some block or some thing he said it was stuck in the mempool because i did not pay enough fees, I'm happy there is people out there like that.
