@_author: millybitcoin
@_date: 2016-08-10 12:30:47


Those are not goals of Bitcoin, Bitcoin's goal is to provide trustless transactions between 2 parties.  The things you list are a political agenda of some of the people (and crackpots) who have latched onto Bitcoin as a way of promoting some agenda.  
@_date: 2016-08-14 12:01:10
One chain can do everything ... and if something goes wrong you lose everything which is one reason that will not happen.  I used to think like you when I first got involved in Bitcoin but I see how the market is going. People are clearly moving towards diversity and using multiple coins/systems and I don't see anything that will change that.
Your discussion of "open protocols" and HTTP is not really applicable here.  Crypto protocols don't require hardware investments like routers and such.  all you need to do is load a piece of software.  Merchants can easily accept multiple coins if they are inclined to do so and if they use something like Bitpay it is even easier.  Shapeshifts, for example, has a business model that people will use multiple systems and different coins.  the blocksize debate and the formation of different subreddits just within Bitcoin shows that tendency for people to use different systems.  You need to give up your preconceived ideas and see what the market is actually doing.
@_date: 2016-08-02 11:24:15
An app is just a means to an end.  Users need a reason to use Bitcoin and if that happens then the apps will come.
@_date: 2016-08-25 17:46:37
I just ordered 5 bottles with Bitcoin.  Peach was out of stock.
@_date: 2016-08-08 17:35:11
Yes, trading on an exchange is supposed to be the first step to decrease volatility and make is useful for merchants.  That has not happened as fast as many people thought for a variety of reasons:
any Bitcoiners have misrepresented what Bitcoin can do which has lead to disappointment of both users and merchants and they have dropped out.  
-Many people link a fantasy political agenda to Bitcoin that is distasteful to many people and they don't want to get involved in the first place.  
-Many of the agenda people have no clue how to run a business and they often don't even consider the needs and wants of the consumers.  They think people will look at Bitcoin and agree with their whole agenda and use Bitcoin just because of that ... of course that has never materialized and it most likely never will.  -It is very difficult to mange a business that depends on private keys because those keys can be compromised by rogue employees or hackers.  
-Most Bitcoiners are against fees like the banks charge so whenever a Bitcoin company tries to charge a fee to keep their business going there is pushback (Look at Bitpay getting booed at the Philadelphia Bitcoin convention in 2012 when they mentioned their fees).  
-There is also a significant group that says people should not spend their bitcoins because the merchants will cash them in and cause the price to tank.
@_date: 2016-08-10 15:23:26
LOL.  It is true for circle-jerkers who post on reddit all day.  In the real world, not so much. 
@_date: 2016-08-14 16:59:49
You seem completely clueless about all this stuff.  You obviously don't use Bitcoin that much or you know all the issues with merchant acceptance.  I have been following merchant acceptance for years and I see all the places that tried accepting Bitcoin and no longer do and very few new places signing on.  
The problems with face-to-face transactions are posted here all the time.  It is difficult to use for that purpose even if you can find someone to accept it.
The developers routinely say Bitcoin cannot be used for day-to-day transactions so it can replace fiat currencies like Greece.   The only people who deny all these issues are people who treat Bitcoin like a religion rather than a technology.  Shrem's bar stopped accepting Bitcoin long before his jail thing.  a bunch of people went in there thinking they could spend Bitcoin and after 45 minutes of discussing it with staff they gave up.  Stories like that are all over the place.  I used to live in Atlantic City area and the closest merchant accepting Bitcoin was 45 mins away.  
merchant acceptance is a huge problem that needs to be fixed.  pretending it is not a problem will not fix it.
You also don't understand the double spending issues that involve gambling sites and things like shapeshift.  You need to do some basic research.  that has been discussed at length.
@_date: 2016-08-22 23:41:54
It is a certification program for Bitcoin and I was one the fist to get it.  there is a long thread I started over at bitcointalk about it.
@_date: 2016-08-13 21:57:45
yes, I never used that word in asentence before Bitcoin and I certainly never been called one before.  Now I am called a "statist" several times a week because I don't think Bitcoin will replace governments and end wars.
before I got involved in Bitcoin I heard about the Free State project and I thought it was probably a good thing to have all these people fighting for liberty.  Then I got to see them close up, what joke.  They are just totally ignorant wing nuts who sit around reinforcing themselves with ridiculous assertions.  
One of the more notable events was the first big Bitcoin conference.  free state radio covered it and they played promotional spots where they said all government were murderers.  I told other people to listen and it was a real embarrassment to hear that crap.
here is a video about the author of "The Daily Decrypt" which gives you an idea of what the Free State Project people are like:
@_date: 2016-08-01 14:46:49
It uses cryptography to eliminate the middle man.  However, I can't stand all the cultists who are distorting what it can do.  they are promoting a fantasy political agenda so they lie about Bitcoin when they think it will advance their agenda.  
For instance, you have to wait for the network to come to a consensus over the state of the blockchain which eliminates the possibility of it being a day-to-day currency.  That does not fit into the agenda of the cultists so they refuse to accept that fact.  then you have people like Roger Ver claiming it will end wars.  That is ridiculous.  The world is not going to switch over to Bitcoin as a the main world currency, in fact the number of currencies is going to increase, not decrease.  When cable TV cane on board the number of channels increased, not decreased.  the people who go around claiming Bitcoin will be the one and only currency refuse to accept reality which is right in front of their eyes.  Right now people are buying ETH without even understanding what it is.  There is no way Bitcoin will be the only currency and it will do nothing for inflation since new coins can be created.
I think the cultists who talk about changing society, ending wars, etc. are ruining Bitcoin and making mass adoption extremely difficult if not impossible.  People come on here, read all the false claims, then use Bitcoin themselves and find out it mostly lies, then they leave thinking Bitcoin is a big scam.  
@_date: 2016-08-24 23:51:15
I like the way you guys say things are an "appeal to authority" when it is something you don't like.  When it is something that fits into your agenda it is a "reputation system."  lol.
Bitcoin will give people another choice and help with the "balance of power" but it won't change fundamental aspects of human nature.  
@_date: 2016-08-13 16:43:07
In-person transactions are problematic and there have been many posted problems with that.  Many places abandoned taking Bitcoin, including the bar Charlie Shrem was involved with.  it is also obvious that some people are breaking money transmitter laws irrespective of whether they were arrested.  Bitcoin cannot be used for businesses that need instantaneous payments.  they can adapt and make people wait or use some centralized solution like the tipping company.  However, if you have to use a centralized system to make Bitcoin work then there is not much point to using Bitcoin.  People generally do not want the banking system replaced in USA/ Europe.  People want reforms to a certain extent.  Of course there will always be some wing nuts who say to replace everything (those people seem to gravitate to Bitcoin) but those people don't have any plan to replace the system.  However, that point is somewhat irrelevant to Bitcoin since Bitcoin cannot replace many banking services.  as for bankers violating laws, that is true but you get all the same sorts of things in the Bitcoin world so there is not really much of differentiation there.  
in any case promoting Bitcoin as a "replacement for banks" or expecting that to happen is not realistic at all.  There is a major problem for bitcoin banking and exchange issues where they hold your funds.  Anyone can pass a private key to anyone else and claim a mysterious "hack."  
Bitcoin has its place among many different financial instruments but I don't see it replacing anything (with a few exceptions like money transfer services).  
@_date: 2016-08-10 12:23:28
These types of articles are just rants from cultists.  Once you see something on medium.com you can be pretty confident the content is not good.  These articles are worthless because they do not address the real world issues as to why certain regulations are put into place in the first place.  Instead, they just claim everything is some kind of conspiracy theory.
The world is full of grey areas and middle ground and most things are a matter of degree.  The wing nuts who have gravitated to Bitcoin see everything as "us against them" and there is no middle ground for them. 
@_date: 2016-08-18 19:49:27
LOL.  You got in an agreement to share the domain and you don't know who it is?  You are either lying or you are a total mental case, I can never figure out which it is with you.  Nothing posted on Bitcoin.org/com or Bitcointalk.org is credible so save your links for your fellow weirdos.  I still thing "Bitcoin-Cobra" is your teenager friend who set up that fake bank that you promoted in Bitcointalk until I see something different.  in any case, the person is a mental case with no credibility whatsoever.
@_date: 2016-08-12 13:23:03
the theory is that most people are satisfied with fiat currencies and they live a good life using them.  Most places, with some exceptions, don't want their national currency displaced.  
Further, Bitcoin cannot replace a currency due to decentralization and the technical limitations of things like confirmation times.  the developers say over and over that Bitcoin cannot replace national currencies for these reasons but the cultists ignore this and keep making the claim.  people not familiar with Bitcoin look at it and pretty quickly see that it cannot replace other types of things like a national currency.  then they think all Bitcoiners are weirdoes and scammers.
Why don't you try to understand the actual benefits of Bitcoin instead of repeating the cultist nonsense.  Bitcoin is about doing person to person transactions with no intermediary.  it cannot replace national currencies, end wars, or any of the other nonsense claims by the cultists.  it can transfer value from one person to another without interference and that is good enough for me to think Bitcoin is a useful technology.  
as I explained before, thinks like bitlicense are not Bitcoin regulations, they are regulations when Bitcoin is interfaced with the legacy financial system.  it is drama queen stuff to call this "Bitcoin regulation."
If you want to be taken seriously you need a new nickname as well as some education about how Bitcoin works and what it can do and not do.  
@_date: 2016-08-12 22:02:02
I don't know where you get that, Bitcoin is full of kooks.  
If regulation is going to be passed it is better to have a rational voice rather than some wing nut who will be ignored.  can you understand that?
@_date: 2016-08-13 13:12:04
I agree Bitcoin will coexist with other financial instruments and other crypto.  in-person transactions of goods and services is a disaster.  Just try it yourself.  
local bitcoins generally charges high fees, requires dangerous situations by meeting strangers on the Internet, has all kinds of issues unless you use escrow,  and many of the users are violating money transfer laws.  
the issue with satoshi dice and shapefits was that they keep getting scammed by double-spend attacks when they accept zero confirmation transactions.  It works if you want to wait a little.  Bitcoin is better for gambling sites as compared to credit cards and paypal and wiring money.  
people do not want to replace the banking system.  bitcoin is not a replacement for banks, it is just does money transfers.  it does not do loans, interest bearing savings, etc.  people may wish to replace certain functions of the banking system like money transfer.
@_date: 2016-08-12 20:28:27
The issue is about experience in the rest of the world.  what else have people who submit Bips accomplished in other areas?
@_date: 2016-08-12 17:05:14
I don't know what you mean by 'settle' but the answer is sometimes yes, and sometimes no.  Bitcoin transactions are not reversible and so you are comparing apples and oranges.  I would never use Bitcoin to, say, order Bitcoin mining equipment so it is a poor choice when dealing with untrusted sources.  It is a good choice when sending funds to a trusted party.  It all depends on the specifics of what you are doing.
@_date: 2016-08-22 01:42:29
Bitcoin is only trustless once you are satisfied the mining system is working as intended.
@_date: 2016-08-12 21:11:02
he is no longer executive Director but he is still a Board Member.  It is right on their web site.
@_date: 2016-08-08 17:20:49
What do micropayments and tipping have to do with decentralization (unless you are tipping some entity cut off from payment systems)?  
@_date: 2016-08-10 05:02:26
I can't help it if you don't understand, many Bitcoiners are completely clueless about how the world works and they get all their information from circle jerks.  If you have questions check out Coin Center and Niskanen Foundation.  
As for your question, the post is not about "Bitcoin regulation," it is about interfacing Bitcoin with other financial instruments such as exchanges.  Most people, including most Bitcoiners, want exchanges to be regulated to a certain extent.  For instance, many people complain about issues with Coinbase ... but Coinbase is not Bitcoin, they are a service that uses Bitcoin to exchange with other currencies.  So, to summarize, you don't even understand the difference between Bitcoin regulation and regulating service that happen to use Bitcoin so you don't understand what the problem is in the first place.
@_date: 2016-08-06 14:54:39
You are also rushing to judgement.  You don't know if it is a hack or some insider just passed on private keys.  
@_date: 2016-08-24 19:30:50
what are your credentials?  Do you have papers or videos?
@_date: 2016-08-13 12:51:10
EFF only dabbles in Bitcoin from time to time.  Fenton tries to distort what EFF did so he can attack Coin Center.  Fenton has no clue how these things work.  
@_date: 2016-08-26 11:40:33
I missed the "unsubstantiated" part too.  There is quite a bit documented about this guy.  
@_date: 2016-08-14 12:02:25
Yes, so?  What does that have to do with it?  People can spend money, they just have to comply with the laws surrounding its transfer.
@_date: 2016-08-21 20:02:29


I can't image the people posting this crap can grow facial hair yet.
@_date: 2016-08-12 14:26:17
No, it is about someone who lies about obvious issues for personal gain.
@_date: 2016-08-26 19:30:49
jerry Brito, the team over at Princeton university.  gavin and Mike hearn have a reasonable assessment of the Bitcoin market from a developer's point of view.  Preston Byrne has a reasonable libertarian approach as well as his partner who posted this article:
@_date: 2016-08-24 14:55:14
I just got one of those wood pellet smokers and the hot sauce does really well as part of the pre-cooking rub.
@_date: 2016-08-25 06:08:28
Yes, permissioned blockchains has very little to do with Bitcoin other than they use overlapping technologies in some parts. 
@_date: 2016-08-27 23:03:29
Yes.  I am interested in Bitcoin and I want to make sure that even though I am interested and support Bitcoin I am in no way associated with people like that with a crackpot agenda that has little or nothing to do with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-08-24 18:11:35
Bitcoin is a software program and is not political in nature.  It is simply a tool.  It has been used to trace drug dealers on Silk Road so I could make the same nonsensical argument that Bitcoin is "statist in essence."  Only a kook trying to pursue an agenda attaches a political association to a software program.  The common example I usually give is the telescope that had huge political and religious significance when it was first invented but nobody thinks that today.  that is because it is tool with no inherent political or religious significance.  it was a labeled that people with agendas slapped on it at the time.
the next problem with your discussion is the mention of "the state."  There is no such thing as "the state."  There are collections of different governments all with different missions and agendas that are made up of people.  once someone starts ranting about "the State" I don't listen to what they have to say because they are kooks with an agenda.
Bitcoin offers peer-to-peer transactions that are limited in several ways.  this includes waiting until the network comes to a consensus over the blockchain.  this means Bitcoin cannot be used for things such as replacing a fiat currency.  The developers routinely point that out but the cultists just keep making the claim.
Bitcoin has absolutely nothing to do with various government "losing legitimacy to rule" and nothing the sort is "self evident."  if you really believe that because you read on reddit thousands of times then you are a cultist who has no concept of reality.
@_date: 2016-08-13 14:34:23
I am sure you are baffled by a lot of things.  What is telling about all your comments on this issue is that you are fundamentally dishonest.
@_date: 2016-08-24 17:48:03
You always these weird replies when you discuss something Bitcoin cannot do.  You cannot have loans using Bitcoin without something that operates like a bank.  Why can't you just accept that fact instead of coming up with some cultist answer than makes Bitcoiners look ridiculous?  The blockchain does not give loans and people will go to banks for that irrespective of whether Bitcoin exists.
@_date: 2016-08-25 20:58:15
It is not about agreeing, it is about you lying and harassing people.
@_date: 2016-08-25 12:40:54
You have no credentials because you are some kid with no education and no job.  Typical Bitcoin cultist who goes around saying how society can be reshaped.  You can't even convince Bitcoin advocates you are legitimate so you have no hope with the general population.  People like you keep Bitcoin weak by harassing normal people who want to get involved. 
@_date: 2016-08-24 19:31:38
Another conspiracy theory kook.  Yes, Alex Jones pays me in hobo nickels.
@_date: 2016-08-13 15:01:13
That was discussed by Matt Whitlock at the Philadelphia Bitcoin convention during his tutorial:
@_date: 2016-08-19 02:42:30
@_date: 2016-08-12 23:06:35
Coin Center's videos and presentations speak for themselves.
Your facebook postings (comingled with official Bitcoin Foundation stuff) speaks for itself.
Your lack of knowledge between proposed legislation and an actual law speaks volumes about what you trying to do here in this post.
You have ZERO experience in moving policy forward in a regulatory environment.  If you did have such experience it would be seen in testimony, public comments on the record, etc.
your private meetings with anarchist wing nuts and your postings about such meetings also speaks for itself.  You want Bitcoin to be small group of your "cronies."
laws are going to passed so you can cry about it or try to influence it.  All you is cry and Coin center at least tries to influence it.
@_date: 2016-08-14 04:50:54
There is no "best" because people have many different use cases.  I can see some consolidation around certain use cases but no one system is good for all use cases.  Certainly not Bitcoin as we see it today and the ability adapt is not there as can be seen in the block size debate.  The easiest path to solve the needs of consumers if to have a choice of different systems and people will take the easiest path.  Unlike some of the people here, most people don't care about any allegiance to any specific technology and will use the thing that is best for them.  
@_date: 2016-08-21 21:20:58
yes, and that almost always happens.  how else do you implement a complex set of rules?  You have an agency who is headed up by a political appointee and who has career employees.  The high level laws are created by the elected officials.  This is not unique to financial laws or any State and I don't think it is done in a substantially different way between NY and CA.  
@_date: 2016-08-12 20:53:18
Not sure what that means.  Bitcoin cannot do do some things well, such as in-person transactions.  It also cannot be used for the things like the satoshi Dice site for immediate payouts because people do souble spending attacks.  It is good for things like money transfers, purchases for things that don't get delivered immediatly, donations, and things like that.  
the first requirment for replacing fiat is that people want their fiat replaced.  There are a few countries where people want that but that is generally not the case in places like USA and western Europe.
@_date: 2016-08-22 01:55:12
I do know quite a bit.  I believe you know my credentials.  What are your credentials?
@_date: 2016-08-22 02:53:03
I have no clue what you are trying to say.  One bill did not get passed so another will eventually and a set of rules will be developed by CA's financial agency.  The only difference with NY is that NY was first and they had a guy looking for publicity so he could make money as a lawyer after he left his administrative position.  Bitcoin needs both EFF and Coin Center and the results still probably won't be good.
@_date: 2016-08-25 03:29:09
yes, the electronic offsite backup is also important.  I prefer backing up a seed for a deterministic wallet rather than the private keys.  That way even if it is found it is not in the form of a private key and people won't know what it is.
@_date: 2016-08-26 11:43:40


Roger Ver is not rational and neither are the people who follow and promote him.  He divides Bitcoin users by attaching his offensive fantasy policial agendas to Bitcoin and then he wonders why more people don't want to get involved in it.
@_date: 2016-08-08 19:04:36
lol.  I see one of your posts is "This is Gentlemoon."  Classic cultist.  Let me guess ...  a teenager gamer who has never had a full time job or a balance of more than 1 BTC.
@_date: 2016-08-22 02:20:09
I have posted them before.  I have a master's in physics and a degree in Computer science from Rutgers.  I have had a CISSP for 15 years and I worked for 27 years for the FAA doing research on explosives and weapons detection systems and then information security requirements.  I retired early due to my businesses and getting involved in Bitcoin mining.  I am also a Certified Bitcoin Professional. 
I got the finCEN ruling that Bitcoin miners didn't have to register as money transmitters:
I also had the bogus Bitcoin trademark cancelled:
 
So what are your credentials Mr. Hemorroid?
@_date: 2016-08-13 16:43:53
What results did he get and what has he "won"?  From what I see he is a very dishonest person and he likes being part of an exclusive club.
@_date: 2016-08-24 11:57:05
That is exactly what AA used to say on his early days at Let's Talk Bitcoin.  Now that he has turned into Bitcoin's biggest "Attention Troll" he changed his story.
@_date: 2016-08-10 18:55:54
In case you haven't noticed the Bitcoin ecosystem is not much different.  Your standard of living and the ability to use the Internet is due to the system you think is no good.  So stop using all the benefits of society if you don't like it.  All you are is some spoiled brat who complains when everything doesn't go your way or you have to pay taxes for the services you used.
@_date: 2016-08-13 21:29:18
yes, nobody could have stopped it given the current situation.
@_date: 2016-08-22 01:29:17
Bitcoin is designed to transfer the profiteering from banks/middlemen to miners by allowing person-to-person transactions that are paid for by transaction fees.
@_date: 2016-08-08 17:58:35
Bitcoin is not "pro" or "anti" anything, it is a software program and a tool.  Decentralization is a long-standing computer science problem.  The only thing "out there" is all the crackpots who have gravitated towards Bitcoin and misrepresent it because they are just using it to promote some fantasy agenda that has no chance of being accepted by the vast majority of the population.  These agenda posts have nothing to do with Bitcoin, it is just spam from people who are generally ignored when they post that stuff in the proper forum and they think they will get more attention by posting here.  The result is that they make Bitcoiners look like a bunch of idiots and weirdoes.
@_date: 2016-08-21 21:13:13
I think all States delegate the rulemaking to an agency made up of appointed officials.  This is how the system generally works.
@_date: 2016-08-26 16:25:20
yes, his personal wealth is number one and his crackpot agenda is number 2.  Of course he is damaging his personal wealth by attaching his crackpot agenda to it but he doesn't realized that.
@_date: 2016-08-12 13:31:18
you are a Board member of the Foundation according to your web site.  Your statements reflect on the Foundation and you routinely mix your Foundation status with your wing nut crap.  You then claim is it all separate.  You know that is false but you keep claiming it is not.  From what I understand you pay out of your own pocket to remain a Board member of the Foundation.  you are paying for that status.  You are just one more of a long line of scammers who use the Foundation for personal benefit.
Nothing has been "proven," that is just another false claim of the Foundation.  As I explained, you know nothing about the promulgation of regulation.
I also never 'cheered" Coin center on any specific issue.  I explained that you had no clue and you should stay out of it.  You are a Foundation scammer who uses his position to promulgate false information.
@_date: 2016-08-12 12:42:04
This is a Star Trek episode, not the real world.
@_date: 2016-08-08 17:22:19
What tip?  You are posting this crap here because people don't read the other forums so all you are doing is spamming.  This is about Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2016-08-13 22:59:52
Satoshi did not take ridiculous positions like some of those people do.  You are using a common tactic used by the kooks, link yourself to Satoshi to try to make yourself look legitimate.  In fact Satoshi dropped out at the same time several of the ignorant wing nuts started doing things he didn't want done.  he did not go around ranting about statists and claiming Bitcoin would end wars .  lol.  Roger Ver tries to claim the same hacker hacked him and Satoshi,"Satoishi Dice," and "Satoshi Rountable," the Foundation tried to claim Satoshi was a member, and, of course, the Nakamoto Foundation.  They claim that even though Satoshi did not say certain things he "spoke through the code" and what he said just happens to coincide with their whole agenda.  
The head of the Niskanen Foundation was recently on The Stossel Show and discussed this type of thing.  Basically, people taking extremist viewpoints that will never be accepted by the vast majority of the population don't do much to advance the cause of liberty.  It is also a constant debate from within the Free State project between the radical extremists who look ridiculous and more reasonable people who want to achieve something instead.  take a look at the let's Talk Bitcoin episode with Preston Byrne.  Some claimed he is not "libertarian enough" and they harassed him on air and in the discussion said he should be hung.  I have really learned to dislike all these anarcho-nut jobs since getting involved in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-08-22 02:11:47
Huh?  A finance agency does not pass bills, that is the legislature.  Legislatures pass bills that give authority to agencies to create specific rules when the issues are complex.  Those rules are usually created after one or more comment periods.  This is true at both the federal and state levels.  there is sometimes debates over the rules concerning whether the agencies changed the original law by their rules since they are not allowed to do that.  An example is the FCC and Net Neutrality rules where there were disputes over whether they created new law when creating the rules. 
@_date: 2016-08-15 16:17:49
You cultists always have your cute little links and you think that wins arguments.  You are a dumb kid with no credentials.  Anyone can see you are lying by trying to engage in commerce with Bitcoin themselves.
It is well known that merchant acceptance is a problem that needs to be fixed.  
 
@_date: 2016-08-12 12:37:51
Anyone who doesn't agree with the most extreme stance wants to "turn Bitcoin into another fiat."  You wing nuts are so ignorant I don't see how you get through life.  Get some education.
@_date: 2016-08-24 19:29:13
The notion of "the state" shows you don't understand what you are talking about.  
Government fiat is used by the vast majority of the world and in most cases it is responsible for great good.  All you want to do is pick out certain things and say it is all bad and should be eliminated.  it is the same childish argument for "anarchy." 
@_date: 2016-08-14 16:40:15
That is true to a certain extent about the alts but I think a small percentage of those alts will continue to be used.  
@_date: 2016-08-14 11:51:49
Actually quite a number of people agree with my position and they are sick of all the cultists misrepresenting things.  Many of those people have dropped out of participating.  Nobody except the cultists cares about your "paid shill" theory, your temper tantrums over my posts, or what gets posted on these stupid forums at all.  If you think reddit and Bitcointalk are "serious Bitcoin forums" then you are delusional. 
As for the agenda issue, I do not distort Bitcoin to fit some ridiculous political agenda, I discuss it based on the technology and what it can actually do.  people who do that are called "Bitcoin haters" "Paid shills"  "statists" by all the crackpots.  they are mostly teenagers who don't know better and they will outgrow it.  Just look at the response people like Tim Swanson gets when he publishes a paper.  these forums are a joke and they push normal people away from Bitcoin.
As for me, I have a master's in physics and a BS in computer science from Rutgers.  I also did research for 27 years at a federal job.  Most of the people complaining about me are underemployed gamers with limited education and experience.  It is comical to watch teenagers and college kids explain how society has done everything wrong when they have not accomplished anything in their life and they have minimal knowledge on how the world works.  All they do is rail against all sorts of things and repeat nonsense they read on these forums.  they think because something gets posted a thousand times that it somehow makes it true.  Don't you have any sense how these forums are damaging Bitcoin adoption?  
@_date: 2016-08-11 17:10:19
Sure they do, most people want fiat currencies because that is what they need.  You just make statements with no evidence and even when the evidence says otherwise you just ignore it when it doesn't fit into your agenda.  That is why you are a Bitcoin cultist.  Just because someone states the truth based on evidence does not make then an "anti-Bitcoin activist."  The fact that you think there are "anti-Bitcoin activists" shows you are really out there on the conspiracy theory meter.  I am pro-Bitcoin activist and I am sick and tired of all the cultists spreading misinformation and giving Bitcoin a rep as being used by a bunch of kooks.  
@_date: 2016-08-01 14:48:14
I already said I don't know the answer and it is s complicated issue.  I can say that the people who just say people don't have to meet in person and come to some sweeping conclusion are not doing a valid analysis.
@_date: 2016-08-12 12:57:00


which is who?  Who is running this misinformation campaign?  Is it another conspiracy?
@_date: 2016-08-02 11:19:25
he had a large sum on MT. Gox (he said "a life changing amount") and he also is an investor in Coinbase.
@_date: 2016-08-13 12:48:52
Bruce Fenton is one of a long line of scammers who have used the Foundation for personal gain.
@_date: 2016-08-12 14:44:16
Yes, I always think of those idiot-savant videos where they can do complex calculations in their head but they can't cross the street without getting hit by a bus.
@_date: 2016-08-21 21:08:44
To be clear:  You are dishonest person who misrepresents the truth on a regular basis.  This is a common quality of Bitcoin Foundation Board members.  You are trying to create a rift between EFF and Coin Center where none exists.  
Bitcoin needs all the help it can get and you creating a dispute where none exists is damaging to Bitcoin in general.  You have already been removed as Executive Director but you should go one more step and resign your position as a Bitcoin foundation Board member.  What you are doing is directly opposed to the mission of the Foundation. 
@_date: 2016-08-24 19:02:45
You kooks always have some link or quote that you think wins every argument.  of course you will claim that all these different people, scholars, satoshi, etc. all agree with you.  It is like the message in the genesis block, it "proves" this huge "conspiracy theory" about what satoshi meant when he developed Bitcoin even though you can't actually find any direct evidence in his postings.
I already explained there is no such thing as "the state" but you will continue with your delusional nonsense.  People don't want anarchy, most people where I live want more government, not less.  You are loony and what makes it worse is that you have clue you are loony because you have a group of circle-jerkers who validate what you say.    
@_date: 2016-08-29 03:22:06
I got the ruling from FinCEN that said US Bitcoin miners did not have to register as money transmitters.  
I also filed legal paperwork to have a bogus BITCOIN trademark cancelled.  They would most likely have started suing Bitcoin startups.
I think the Bitcoin Foundation should have done these things but the crackpots involved with it at the time were busy blowing through millions of the donated money.
@_date: 2016-08-07 22:24:44
Don't let that discourage you, Bitcoin is a solid technology.
@_date: 2016-08-24 11:50:54
The reality is most of the cultists who post here don't know what Bitcoin is or how it works.  They just read some crap on a circle-jerk and they repeat it and make stupid memes.  Just because someone points out a faulty argument made by Bitcoiners does not mean they are "bashing" Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-08-13 12:46:27
All Fenton does is take pot shots at Coin Center.  he deserves no credit whatsoever.
@_date: 2016-08-13 13:03:34
I see Fenton is going off the deep end attacking Coin Center.  All you want to do is make excuses.  The Foundation needs to be disbanded once and for all.  It is just a hotbed for scammers and that will not change until it is disbanded.  I think a Foundation is needed but a new one has to start from scratch and all the current people involved have to go.  the Foundation is doing nothing but damaging bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-08-14 00:35:37
Like I sais, the laws are not always applied perfectly nor are they perfect.  however, the fact is they do catch some criminals.  If you are saying the intent of the law is to catch things like the 9/11 hijackers then you prove my point.  The law itself has the intent of stopping these things even if it not work in some specific case.  I would agree that some of the laws stigmatize legal transactions and are abused in some cases but they also catch criminals in some cases.  It is a complex problem that can't be described in a meme.
@_date: 2016-08-15 14:17:23
You are a cultist who goes around misrepresenting Bitcoin.  People see posts like yours, they try Bitcoin for themselves, and they think everybody involved is some kind of scammer.  All people need to do is try to shop with Bitcoin and they can see for themselves, they don't need stats or links.  
Look at the selection for the biggest event of the year, Bitcoin black Friday and you can see the dismal offerings.  I tried ordering from one of those merchants recently ... I have been waiting 3 months for my order and they hardly answer their email. I know all about coinmap, Bitcoin Black Friday, Bitpay's claims, etc.  I have tried them all and I can hardly find stuff I want or need unless I buy from Overstock or do a conversion thing to get Amazon credits or something like that.  as for coinmap, I already explain the offerings are tiny and when you visit the actual location you often find they no longer accept Bitcoin or there is some kind of problem.  
If you are so smart. what are your credentials?  I was able to get a master's degree in physics from Rutgers.  I guess I got that by being stupid and being unable to do basic research?  lol.
With Bitcoin you can buy carmels, hot sauce (the peck peppers say they hardly get any sales outside of Bitcoin Black Friday), Bitcoin miners, and a few weird items most people don't want.  There a few scattered restaurants and stores but often when you actually try to use Bitcoin there is some kind of problem.  There have been many examples posted here which you ignore or claim is anecdotal.  That is pure Bitcoin cultism, ignore the facts and post circle-jerk nonsense over and over with the hopes that it will become true.  Bitcoin is not a religion, it is a technology.
@_date: 2016-08-21 20:01:55
Haha, I looked at your posts,  every post has a different conspiracy theory.  Why do all you kooks keep posting in bitcoin subreddits?  Is it a conspiracy to make Bitcoin look stupid?  lol
@_date: 2016-08-14 01:36:29
I would say the best place in anywhere outside the USA ... because you don't want to be here after the election.   I am hoping [Jello will declare candidacy at the last minute]( and save us all.    
@_date: 2016-08-12 12:41:32
Bitcoin is designed for decentralization and cannot be used in normal day-to-day commerce due to the confirmation times.  It is amazing that people sit around posting all this stuff when they don't even understand basic stuff about how Bitcoin works.
@_date: 2016-08-19 05:45:27


... and people reading Reddit become stupid.
@_date: 2016-08-13 13:49:58
I remember when I couldn't get support to answer awhile back.  Then I read they are meeting with Snoop Dog to try to get some kind of deal and they made video where they drank beer and discussed how good their support was.  Their priorities are clear.
@_date: 2016-08-22 02:37:37
You have already been caught misrepresenting the facts.  Coin center has called you dishonest and your descriptions do not correspond to what the EFF says.  You insist on spamming these already-posted links to reddit to try to use EFF to misrepresent things.  Each time you change the story a little to try to get people to go sown some rat hole of minutia.  
the fact is you are engaged in a willful misinformation campaign against Coin center.  you used to say it was your personal opinion and not the Foundation and now you are saying it is the opinion of the members.  You just made that up.  the fact is members have varied opinions on the matter.  you are representing your small group of friends and business associates and not the Foundation at large.  However, the issue there is the difference between what you are doing and the stated mission of the Foundation.  The Foundation gets tax advantages by doing what it says in its mission statement.
As for Coin Center and EFF, Bitcoin needs them.  the EFF merely dabbles in Bitcoin and they are not enemies or on opposite sides with Coin Center as you keep trying to claim.  You are a professional wing nut and you look for difference in an attempt to divide people into "us against them" which is what wing nuts like you do.  it is why you are unfit to sit on any Foundation board.  
I should add that anything the Board does as far as policy is supposed to be voted upon by the board.  have they voted to harass Coin center by posting false and misleading information?  (of course not but that is the logical conclusion of your claim).
@_date: 2016-08-10 12:42:56
I skimmed the article and didn't bother to read it closely because it is just one more rant that you see from Bitcoin cultists.  I already explained that the article does not address the reasons for regulation in the first place.  First of all, companies are not entering into an "agreement" with finCEN, they are following law by registering with FinCEN.  The author doesn't even understand how FinCEN fits into the world or what their purpose is.  Their mission is not to promote commerce by putting on a "stamp of approval," their mission is to enforce money laundering laws.  Since the author does not understand the purpose of FinCEN the criticisms of it are all wrong.  There are many valid criticisms of finCEN and regulation but they are not found in this article.  If you go back to the old shows of Let's Talk Bitcoin they had a rep from the US Money Services Businesses on a couple of times who discusses the real issues and problems with things like FinCEN.
@_date: 2016-08-15 12:08:28
the private keys were used by someone to transfer the funds.  There is no way to know who had those private keys or how they got them.  With a system like this there is no way to know for sure ... which is why I think insurance companies will have a hard time insuring crypto systems like this. 
@_date: 2016-08-24 11:58:49


Huh?  Banks offer loans, interest bearing accounts, and a whole set of services that Bitcoin cannot do.  Bitcoin only provides person-to-person payments.
@_date: 2016-08-21 23:34:53
I'm not sure about him specifically but some of the VC's complain that Bitcoiners who run some of these businesses let irrational agenda stuff like Fenton posts to interfere with success of the business.  Fenton is not pro business, he is promoting his political agenda.  He is promoting his business but not business in general for the Bitcoin ecosystem.
@_date: 2016-08-25 06:11:25
He works with banks to develop permissioned blockchains because banks don't want to deal with the various risks of decentralized systems.  As a result a bunch of teenager cultists who don't understand what is going on try to make fun of him by posting meme's and ranting about his activities.  
@_date: 2016-08-10 13:58:12
You are a joke.
@_date: 2016-08-08 18:46:35
I am not green to it, I am saying they are idiots who are ruining Bitcoin.  If you look back at the messages on Bitcointalk the crackpots drove Satoshi away and they distort and misrepresent Bitcoin because they are here for their agenda, not Bitcoin.  If the kooks were really "ant-statist" then they would not use tools such as the Internet.  
The space is not all idiots and crackpots, they are just the loudest people.  It is true some were the first but they are like a group of unruly teenagers at the Mall.  They are mostly young, ignorant, and they sit around making fun of adults even though they have not accomplished anything in life.  At this point all they do is drive away the potential adopters.  It does not matter what the political agenda is of those who adopted first.  In fact in the corporate world many companies don't prosper until they get rid of the founders, it happens all the time.  
As for the technology and it political ramifications, that is how it is used, not what it is.  I could make an argument that it is a "statist" honeypot so drug buyers could be traced by their payments like Silk Road.  An example is the telescope, in its day it was a highly political invention which challenged the status quo.  That does not mean the telescope itself was political or "anti-religion" and nobody today thinks the telescope is inherently political.  
Just because some people with crackpot ideas were here early that does not mean they are correct.  In fact Bitcoin would be much better off if people challenged all these cultisms instead of being scared of getting downvoted.  These people are really annoying because Bitcoin is a great technology but when you try to explain it to new people you have to spend 45 minutes explaining away all the crazy cultist claims before you get to discuss how the technology really works and what it can do.  in any case, I disregard anyone using the term "statist" as some kind of kook.  I never even used the term in a sentence before I got involved in Bitcoin.  I am all for Bitcoin and I think these cultists are idiots, what do you think the general population will think of these people?  I got involved in 2012 but that does not mean the people who got involved in 2013 have to listen to what I say or agree with me.  Early adoption means nothing and early adopters are owed nothing.
@_date: 2016-08-26 18:37:27
It has nothing to do with the blocksize debate or this subreddit, I though Ver was a wacko long before this whole "Right Twix, left Twix" thing.  I also think theymos is a total nut job as well.  I would not call Ver a buffoon, I think he is mentally ill and a scammer rolled into one.
@_date: 2016-08-09 22:15:05
The Bitcoin Foundation is still a thing?  They should stay out of this and let Coin Center deal with issues like this.
@_date: 2016-08-13 21:50:09


These people have no credibility.
As people get more choices they are likely to use those different choices.  You don't see people gravitating towards one TV station or one music service as more choices become available.  The same is happening in crypto.  For instance, you see people buying ETH when they don't even understand what it is and that trend seems to me most likely to continue.  I used to think Bitcoin would dominate but after seeing all the gridlock with block size and the willingness of people to use other things I think Bitcoin will end up as a choice among many things rather than dominating anything.  I don't want to go so far as predicting it to be the "myspace" of crypto but that is possible.
@_date: 2016-08-13 12:57:15
Bitcoin needs Coin Center much more than it needs The Bitcoin Foundation and Bruce Fenton.  Fenton is just more of a long line of scammers from the Bitcoin Foundation.  With all the millions they spent I personally got more beneficial legal decisions that the entire Foundation:
@_date: 2016-08-13 21:34:19
many people have reported issues with in-person transaction.  if you recall even Charlie Shrem's club stopped accepted it.  It is just not feasible with some centralized solution.  Bitcoin cannot be used for immediate payments like Satoshi dice, they had to adjust their procedures and it made it difficult to use.  bitcoin is still better for gambling sites in place of credit cards, etc. but Bitcoin is not optimal.  It is true banks break laws but you are not meeting strangers on the street.  I would never recommend local Bitcoins to anyone except in special circumstances like at a Bitcoin meetup.  Whether the banking system needs to replaced is irrelevant since Bitcoin alone cannot do that or even come close.
@_date: 2016-08-12 20:38:32
You are correct about new regulation, my comments to the NY Bitclicense is that they should have applied existing law to crypto and then do a gap analysis to see if there any holes.  they should not have created specific rules for crypto.
As for my comments, many people agree with me.  the only people who have problems with my posts are a small group of cultists who want to push their agenda.  i also never said the current system is "the answer."  That is typical wing nut "us vs. them" nonsense that the wing nuts need to cointinue their nonsense.  i say that Bitcoin does not solve all the problems the cultists claim.  many people have dropped out of Bitcoin after they use if and find out all the misinformation from the cultists.
It is funny how some of the most ignorant on here love to give out "pro tips."
As for someone paying me to comment, another of the many conspiracy theories that you see on Bitcoin discussions.  You must listen to Alex Jones.  lol.  I am retired and I made a lot in mining and other prior businesses so I don't have to work anymore.  I spent some of spare time doing legal work to help the Bitcoin ecosystem:
So who paid me for that? 
@_date: 2016-08-10 16:20:04
If you transfer funds with the knowledge that it will be used in a terrorist attack.  That is immoral, illegal (as it should be), and I want to see the people arrested and put in jail.  In some cases KYC and AML laws (or the enforcement of those laws) are overreach and those problems need to be fixed.  They are not fixed by eliminating the entire system, that would make things worse.  KYC and AML are in no danger of being obsolete.  
The problems will never be fixed if you make faulty arguments like claiming the laws themselves are "immoral." 
@_date: 2016-08-24 22:41:53
I opened my mind and I listened to all this stuff when I got involved in Bitcoin.  My conclusion is that the ideas are ridiculous and the people involved in promoting it are kooks.  they have just latched onto Bitcoin for attention because their ideas do not stand on their own merit.  That is why the cultists constantly misrepresent what Bitcoin can do and what it is, because they are promoting their fantasy agenda and not a technology.  It is amazing to me that you read this stupid crap on Reddit and you actually believe it in spite of all the obvious evidence that it is ridiculous.  It is interesting how you kooks use the Internet to isolate yourself in circle-jerk groups to promote ignorance instead of using the Internet to widen your knowledge.  Reddit voting also contributes to this by enforcing the circle-jerk mentality.
Volunatrism, anarcho-capitalism, and all the other weird ideas do not actually exist in the real world.  They are constructs of places like Internet discussion boards.  They are interesting to discuss to a certain extent but they have no real-world applications.
As for what people think, you have no clue.  I strongly suspect that you never discuss the ideas you post here when you meet normal people face-to-face.  I suspect you only discuss this stuff in these weird Internet discussion boards and you would be too embarrassed to bring this up to other people face-to-face.
@_date: 2016-08-12 23:19:25
perhaps he sees the writing on the wall.  take bitlicense NY for instance.  Jim Harper made very good arguments but they were ignored.  Why?  because the intent of the regulator (Lawsky) was to make  name for himself by holding hearings while in office so he could profit as an attorney after he left.  under that scenario legislation was going to be passed no matter how much Bitcoiners cry about it so you might as well try to affect the legislation that does get passed.  You need to understand the motivations of the people involved to get anywhere.  Fenton does not have that understanding or experience.  Brito is the best guy Bitcoin has for that job.  
@_date: 2016-08-10 05:44:12
You don't know they were hacks, all you know is that people were told the funds were hacked.  With the nature of the private key there is no way to know one way or the other.  it is also very difficult to protect funds from rogue employees.
Part of the problem is that it is much more profitable to simply keep everyone's funds and claimed it was a hack from some unknown person.  I don't see how these businesses are going to ever get insurance.
@_date: 2016-08-25 19:40:16
Any one is good.  thanks
@_date: 2016-08-13 00:00:04
So bitcoin becomes more useful and more valuable.  Right now its use is severely limited due to the low level of adoption.  
@_date: 2016-08-24 22:44:08
Actually reasonable people contact me all the time.  They tell me not to waste my time arguing with the kooks.  there are plenty of rational people involved in Bitcoin but they often lose interest due to all the kooks making the community look stupid.  
@_date: 2016-08-24 17:38:49
If you look at Mike Hear's discussions going back several years he generally had a realistic view of the Bitcoin market.  he could not deal with all the kooks and weirdoes and finally went over the edge.
@_date: 2016-08-18 04:05:00
Some kook who is friends with Theymos.  Probably TradeFortress, the teenager guy who set up the fake bank in his parent's apartment (CoinLenders/Inputs.io) and was "hacked."
@_date: 2016-08-12 14:16:48
people can say and do anything they want.  What you say reflects back on the Bitcoin Foundation because of the position you hold and your comingling of bitcoin Foundation activities with your personal agenda.  You specifically use the Foundation as a bully pulpit for your personal beliefs.  You keep ignoring this issue and claiming otherwise because you are a scammer.
The EFF only occasionally dabbles in Bitcoin from time to time and Coin Center does it full time so you cannot compare their positions.  All you did was pick out one issue where EFF wrote some paper and it differed from Coin Center.  Even though Coin Center and EFF work together you try to spin it as if they are on opposite sides.  Now you are using to try to create some kind of division in an "us vs. them" argument which does not exist.  Your overall wing nut agenda depends on "us vs. them" as a primary argument so you create one where none exists.
Nothing has been "proven" or even completed.  There are proposed laws being discussed.  once again you are trying to create an "us vs. them" scenario where none exists.  
If the Foundation was legitimate they would not be attacking Coin Center.   However, the Foundation is mostly a collection of scammers and kooks and it is an embarrassment to most Bitcoin users.  People like you don't do education, outreach, or anything else a normal industry group or Foundation would do.  You paid money out of your own pocket so you could have a title as a board member.   You are a Foundation scammer and it tells me the whole Foundation is problematic because they just stand by while one Director after another runs scam after scam.  
@_date: 2016-08-24 14:58:05
His papers and videos indicate otherwise.  The idiots are the cultists who think stuff is true because they see it posted on reddit a 1,000 times.  
@_date: 2016-08-08 17:15:04
Why do you post your cultist crap in a Bitcoin forum?
@_date: 2016-08-16 11:54:10


Hardly any merchants accept Bitcoin now and just getting them to accept Bitcoin in the first place is a huge issue.  adding more to that is even a bigger issue.  
The first thing you need to do when proposing these things is to understand the market and understand what consumers want.  in this case you are discussing scaling so you are discussing the needs of people who don't use Bitcoin now.  This is why these things end up being solutions looking for a problem.  Bitcoiners are known for not doing this and just waiving their hand like you did.  this is why companies generally don't put developers in charge of product development.
@_date: 2016-08-24 18:54:10
There are many faulty arguments.  tim swanson actually made a video awhile back that lists many of the cultisms that Bitcoiners make.  it cannot replace fiat currencies, it cannot end wars, it cannot end inflation, it cannot replace banks, it cannot cause governments to fail, etc.  it can do some things well, that is provide person-to-person trustless transactions once you are satisfied the mining system is working as intended.  That is enough for me to get interested in Bitcoin as it has the ability to disrupt many things.
If you have no clue about these faulty arguments are and what normal people think of them then you spend too much time circle-jerking on reddit.
@_date: 2016-08-06 13:08:02
ohituna made a reasonable post that brings up some real issues and he has a chance of getting people to look at the problems.  Your post, on the other hand, is just wing nut stuff you see posted thousands of times and your post has no hope of advancing any issue or solving anything.  
@_date: 2016-08-14 00:08:14
In some cases it is applied legitimately and other cases not.  the intent of the law is to stop serious criminal activities that threaten society.  Most laws have been abused at some point but that does not they are all "made up" "immoral" or not legitimate.  if someone is transferring funds to be used to randomly kill people in a terrorist attack then I want them to be put in jail.  If some regulatory official abuses the law to seize funds illegal I want to see the regulatory officer put in jail but that does not mean I want the law eliminated.
@_date: 2016-08-07 13:04:01


Many people here say just that.  They don't need the government (except for using all the benefits like the Internet, roads, hospitals, etc.) ... all they need is Bitcoin to solve all the world's problems.  Police and government will just mess up their plans.  I would call u/evoorhees and ask him to come up with a voluntary solution that all parties agree to.
@_date: 2016-08-12 13:03:43
Once again the Bitcoin Foundation is attacking Coin Center.  the things Coin Center does is way beyond your intellectual capacity so why don't you stick to your wing nut crap that you post of your Facebook page, this is way above your pay grade.
Also, stop trying to pit EFF against Coin Center.  You have no clue how either of these organizations work and you have no understanding about how regulations are promulgated.  the EFF and Coin Center are not on opposite sides, that is a misinformation campaign on your part.  
Can you please resign from the Bitcoin Foundation so you don't keep making all Bitcoiners look as ignorant as you?
@_date: 2016-08-24 17:44:17
All the irrational people who have been attracted to Bitcoin.  It is embarrassing to be associated with these people just by virtue of being involved in Bitcoin.  I think sensible people will eventually rule the day but who wants to be associated with a bunch of idiots ranting about "statists" and talking about how Bitcoin will replace banks and governments and end wars?  The two main discussion forums are run by Theymos and MemoryDealers.  What kind of choice is that?  If a normal person gets involved they are ridiculed until they don't participate anymore.
@_date: 2016-08-26 16:20:38
I don't understand this.  This seems to be about disputes among money transfer businesses.  Bitcoin is decentralized so the point of it is to not to depend these types of third party services because of reasons like this.  What good is a decentralized system that sits on top of a centralized service?
@_date: 2016-08-16 19:09:41
I am not sure I understand the business case of a VISA sidechain.  VISA is a loan product as well as a payment system.  VISA would need to charge a fee to use their side chain so they can make a profit which would be on top of miner fees. 
@_date: 2016-08-08 17:47:56
This is a Bitcoin discussion.  Post this crap in your weirdo forums that nobody reads.
@_date: 2016-08-21 23:31:19
Because you make Bitcoiners look like idiots by posting complaints about stuff you don't understand.  It is circle-jerking.
@_date: 2016-08-18 20:24:28
The new guy running Donald Trump's campaign say his motto is "Honey badger don't give a shit" so you could be confused as a Trump supporter by wearing this shirt.
@_date: 2016-08-25 06:03:18
His papers speak for themselves.  Your post also speaks for itself, it is just teenagers making fun of adults.
@_date: 2016-08-02 11:29:16
This type of stuff is why mass adoption is so difficult.  
@_date: 2016-08-10 05:34:18
That is what I mean, the cultists like you have no clue how the world works and you don't "get" anything.  Have a look at all the Bicoiners who want regulations used to get their lost money back.  You can't even convince other Bitcoiners of your conspiracy theory.  How do you expect to convince other people?
as for the difference between r/btc and r/bitcoin, they are both run by weirdos and full of misinformation and conspiracy theories from cultists.  It is like "left twix" "right twix" and I don't really see much of a difference.  You don't want a currency, you want is a closed group of like-minded people.  in any case, you proved my point, Coin Center knows what they are talking about and people like you do not.
@_date: 2016-08-25 13:12:08
How will you make money at this?  What is your business plan?  How do you deal with all the irrational people who have got involved in Bitcoin like those that  spread misinformation like the list you posted?
@_date: 2016-08-16 11:54:58


So hire a dedicated team, who is stopping you?
@_date: 2016-08-12 21:50:25
Your replies are so evasive, do you think are slick?  I never said it precludes you from having an opinion I said your opinion reflects back on the Foundation and in Bitcoin in general.  I also say you made the situation worse by comingling your official stuff with your personal opinions like on your Facebook page.  I also said you paid out of your pocket to keep your status as a board member as part of your reputation.
There were several million in there at one point.  I guess they blew through most of it when Matonis is in charge.  in any case I got more legal decisions favorable to Bitcoin than the entire Foundation over it's entire history.  The Foundation was involved with regulation from time to time and Perklin says the Foundation worked with Coin Center.  maybe you should get your story straight with the other board members.  Either the Foundation worked with/against Coin Center and EFF or they did not.  I believe the tweets indicated they at least made their opinions known.
the minutes indicated you offered paying $10k payments to keep things afloat and keep your position.  I believe it is a business expense for you so you can go around claiming an official position with the Foundation.  Since you don't do anything for Bitcoin in general I figured your only purpose with the Foundation is to find new customers for your business.
@_date: 2016-08-30 12:07:29


LOL.  Sounds like something from teenagers at a Bernie Sanders rally.  These institutions are made up of humanity.  
@_date: 2016-08-12 20:30:43
I see.  You are pulling the teenager "you are troll" nonsense instead of addressing the issue.  you have ahistory of doiing things like that.  This was brought up in the past in some of your activities like giving official positions to everyone in your meetup group.  
Bruce Fenton represents the Foundation and his attacks on Coin Center relevant to his position with the Foundation.  If you want to lie about that is your choice, that is what I expect from the Foundation.
@_date: 2016-08-10 01:27:41
Yes.  Do you understand the reasoning behind that or do just rail against all regulation?  People who do that may get Reddit karma but it does not advance the cause of Bitcoin.  This type of thing is not well understood among Bitcoiners which is why I say to leave these issues to Coin Center.
@_date: 2016-08-14 16:18:24
I would not doubt thoughtful people.  The people I am talking about are ignorant people who disregard facts and promote some fantasy they read on the Internet.
@_date: 2016-08-07 07:17:07
My "anti privacy laws and police state"?  How do you justify your wing nut position?  
All you do by these types of posts is make yourself (and Bitcoin) look ridiculous.  The testimony at trial showed 6 dead people who were found with Silk Road packages in the room.  That is the reality of the situation, not what is contained in your circle jerk post of made up facts.  In any case people like you don't advance liberty, you turn people away from the cause because your arguments are ridiculous.  
The Niskanen Foundation was recently discussing this very subject on Stossel.  A bunch of ignorant morons spouting nonsense does not advance the cause of liberty.
@_date: 2016-08-10 17:20:37
The Foundation did do some good things.  the Jim harper risk assessment is a starting point for a systems engineering approach.  The conferences were hit and miss.  On the one hand it did bring in a number of different people.  On the other hand, the conferences often featured wing nuts as speakers and left some people with a less than favorable impression of Bitcoin and the Foundation.  The first big conference had an agreement with free State radio who ran promotional spots all throughout the conference that claimed all government employee were murderers.  I complained about this and they just brushed it off as if it was normal to accuse astronauts, social security clerks, janitors, etc. as all being "murderers" by virtue of having a government job.
I stand by statement that the Foundation has been  "a collection of kooks and scammers."  If you look at the history of the makeup of the Board and staff you have many people who have been arrested and who have been involved in scams. n Bruce Fenton is still on the Board and he used to attack Coin Center on a regular basis.  In no way were they seen as "working together."  If the Foundation was legitimate they would have been actually been working with Coin Center instead of attacking it on Twitter and other places.  I certainly in no way want to be associated with people like Bruce Fenton and the Foundation just by virtue of being involved in Bitcoin.  I don't see the Foundation as representing Bitcoin or helping to promote Bitcoin. I see them as representing some extremist political agenda that I don't agree with.  They burned through millions promoting wing nut stuff and creating a negative atmosphere for Bitcoin and Bitcoiners yet they spent $0 doing thinks like getting FinCEN and trademark rulings.  A normal industry group would see those things as a high priority. 
If the Foundation were to get more involved in policies issue they will be seen as irrational and extremists and they will do no good in advancing policy since they will be disregarded.  Maybe if the Foundation gets rid of wing nuts it will do some good but given the makeup of the membership I don't see that happening.  
@_date: 2016-08-08 20:04:02
And what have you done for Bitcoin other call people '"trolls"?
@_date: 2016-08-12 22:00:32
I have explained to you at least 7 times that being regulated is vastly different than understanding how regulations are created.  You have ZERO experience in dealing with regulators who create regulations.  Jerry Brito's public appearances and videos speak for themselves.  You have no clue even how to measure what job he is doing because you don't understand how the system works.  (I see you are finally giving up on your false claims that EFF is opposed to Coin Center).  First of all there is only a proposed bill.  secondly, Jerry Brito cannot control what legislation someone proposes.  Bills are produced all the time that never see the light of day.  Now you are making some kind of claim that because someone introduced a bill that this somehow proves something (you won't explain what, you just say it is "proof").  
Your only alternative is to take some wing nut approach that will never be acceptable to regulators.  they will just ignore you.
If you want to create this measurement scale look at what EFF has presented and look at what laws end up getting passed.  under your measuring stick EFF should be disbanded too.  They lose all the time even when they make good presentations.  Welcome to real world Mr. Fenton, a place where reddit karma, Facebook postings, and your stupid meme's mean nothing.
@_date: 2016-08-12 13:11:36
once again the Bitcoin Foundation is attacking Coin Center:
the Foundation should be disbanded completely. 
@_date: 2016-08-12 14:41:02
the regulations you keep discussing are about exchanges and money transfer services.  they don't apply to Bitcoin-only transactions, they apply to exchanging Bitcoin with other currencies.  Whether you like it or not, agree or disagree, most people want those things regulated.  that includes most Bitcoiners like the people who lost money on Mt. Gox and Bitfinex.  even roger Ver sued other Bitcoiners when he lost funds on Bitcoinia.  
I don't know anyone who wants to turn Bitcoin into "another fiat."  there are people who want to see greater mass adoption and then there are people who make some false hyperbolic argument that they want to turn Bitcoin into another fiat.  I call them cultists because they see Bitcoin as a essentially a religion rather than a technology.  When some technical aspect does not fit into their overall political agenda they misrepresent what Bitcoin can do to fit their needs.  the problem is their misinformation and cultisms are easily seen by new users as false so they think Bitcoin is some kind of scam.  
While there are some exceptions, most people like their current system and see no need to replace it.  Now they may like having an additional tool that allows for decentralized transactions but that does not mean they want it to replace what they have.  the cultists will claim that the USD has lost 97% of its value, that everybody is slave, that all the currencies are going to fail and they will see Bitcoin as a lifeboat, governments will be forced to use and they won't be able to finance war. etc. etc. etc.
As for Bitcoin discussion boards like Reddit and Bitcointalk, those things are stupid and worrying about an "attack" by "shills" is just something that does not matter.  most potential users will never use reddit or bitcointalk and if those things are so important to Bitcoin's survival then Bitcoin is not that important to begin with.  What good is some currency if people like Theymos, Roger Ver, and a tiny group of developers can dictate how things will pan out?
@_date: 2016-04-02 14:09:46
There is no such thing as a debate over public and private blockchains since they don't effect one another.  
Trust and decentralization is a continuum and not a bright line like this guy says.  I guess that was Brock Pierce who answered and he knows what he is talking about.  The questioner was just some hyperbolic cultist.  if you look at his blog he has a post that says "Bitcoin's Computing Network is More Powerful than 525 Googles and 10,000 Banks!"  lol.  I can't stand these zealots who go around misrepresenting Bitcoin and making all Bitcoiners look ridiculous.
@_date: 2016-08-13 12:53:26
Bruce Fenton does little for Bitcoin expect make it look ridiculous.  He is a wing nut who goes around telling people they are more likely to be killed by their government than a terrorist.  he appreasr to me to be interested in "crony Bitcoinism" and what he supports is Bitcoin being run by a small club of his friends.
@_date: 2016-08-25 06:02:14
Downvotes from circle-jerkers don't matter.  I am not defending anything, I am explain reality to discussion board cultists who don't live in reality.  What are your credentials again?
@_date: 2016-08-06 14:52:37
How would you know one way or the other?  This same pattern keeps happening over and over.  Company takes uninsured Bitcoin deposits and then an announcement is made that the funds were hacked.  It is like watching one of those old sitcoms where you can predict the outcome.  If you are part of a Bitcoin media outlet you should be at least be asking these questions instead of repeating company news releases.
@_date: 2016-08-10 15:19:15
That is ridiculous.  The purpose of the law is to stop things like human trafficking, terrorism, and various other crimes.  the problems come in when the laws and rules do not really do what they say or the regulators over-enforce.  You don't even state the problem correctly so your arguments have no hope of ever being accepted.  Listen to the people who actually work in the industry instead of getting your information from reddit. 
@_date: 2016-08-13 21:25:56
LOL.  he is dedicated to his small group of friends.  
@_date: 2016-08-22 02:46:48
My information comes from watching interviews.  one example is the guy who started Coin desk.  look it up on youtube.
You won't post your credentials because you have none.  maybe a summer job at some point?   lol  ... yet you know how all of society should be reconfigured based on Bitcoin.  You ask to be mocked and maybe someday you will get some education so it will stop.  
@_date: 2016-08-12 21:06:56
Another completly clueless answer.  Regulation is going to be enacated because people (including many Bitcoiners who lost funds) are clamoring for it.  You have ZERO experience in these matters.  You are correct to certain extent that people should push for applying existing laws before new ones are created but when it is obvious that won't happen you have to do something else.  
@_date: 2016-08-13 12:59:05
We should certainly shut down the Foundation, it has always been a collection of scammers.  Even if you want a Foundation the current one should be disbanded and started from scratch.
@_date: 2016-08-12 14:56:56
The transaction.  The main purpose of the design of Bitcoin is to provide person to person transaction with no intermediary.  (You actually have an intermediary which are miners.  If that system works as intended you don't have to trust any particular miner).  It just happens that this causes other technical limitations.  one of those limitations is that you have to wait for network to come to consensus over the state of the blockchain.  these technical issues limit how Bitcoin can be used effectively.  In some situations it works fine, in other situations it does not.
@_date: 2016-08-12 23:00:53
Yes, I agree.  So what do you do if/when that does not work?
@_date: 2016-08-12 21:00:58
Bruce fenton represents the Bitcoin Foundation and comingles discussions of his personl agenda and his official position with the Foundation ... then he claims he is "speaking as an individual."  That is not realistic.  he pays money out of his own pocket to the Foundation so he can have a title as director so he can give more weight to his posts.
fenton has no clue how regulators work or how things get accomplished.  he tries to create some kind of wedge between Coin Center and the EFF where none exists.  The truth is Fenton has no alternative plan excpet going around like a wing nut making hyperbilic claims and making Bitcoiners look ridiculous in the process.
As for the Foundation he ran, they did absolutly nothing to help Bitcoin, he helps his close circle of friends and himself.  With all the millions they spent I personally got more beneficial legal decisons that the entire Foundation:
Bitcoin needs Coin center much more than it need Bruce Fenton and the Bitcoin Foundation.
@_date: 2016-08-24 15:01:50


Which means places outside your local area since there may be a natural disaster.  as for secure, don't mark the paper as "Bitcoin Private Key", just leave it unmarked and even if someone finds it they don't know what it is.  
@_date: 2016-08-12 21:08:12
You are the type of person he appeals to.  Of course the majority of people will disagree which is why the wing nuts are damaging Bitcoin.  You can't be  wing nut and expect mass adoption at the same time.  
@_date: 2016-08-13 21:40:14


No it is not, it is a real crime and people go to jail for it.  Your position about it is made up on discussion boards and does not correspond to reality.  
@_date: 2016-08-24 11:54:43
they said last Bitcoin Black Friday that they go months at a time without sales via Bitcoin.  they said the vast majority of their Bitcoin sales come on that one day.  It seems the people who post on the Bitcoin subreddits about Bitcoin taking over the world don't actually buy that much with their Bitcoin (or they don't actually have any).
@_date: 2016-04-25 12:16:05
You view yourself as a "role model."  Interesting.  
@_date: 2016-04-02 18:43:01
Repurpose the heat generated for other uses.  Then it doesn't matter much what the electric rates are.
@_date: 2016-08-26 11:38:22
yes, read the story of how he intimidated OpenCoin (Ripple) and got them fined by the SEC.
@_date: 2016-08-07 13:37:18
lol.  Sounds like a plan!  You can hire Theymos, Peter Todd, and Luke-jr to get your funds back and Roger Ver can make a video.
@_date: 2016-08-10 15:31:52
But they have not helped in the past.  The last executive director used to go around saying you are more likely to be killed by the government than terrorists.  While they were busy making Bitcoin have a reputation as a collection of wing nuts I was busy doing things like getting a [FinCEN ruling]( and having a [bogus trademark cancelled](  The Foundation, under previous directors allowed their logo to endorse things like Mt. gox and CoinLenders (a fake bank run by some teenager out of his parent's house).  
If the Foundation would start acting like reasonable adults and do some actual help I could see supporting them.  So far it has just been a collection of kooks and scammers who have damaged Bitcoin's reputation and attack entities like Coin Center who know what they are doing.
@_date: 2016-08-10 01:40:23
The logic of my argument was recently discussed on the Stossel show by the Niskanen Foundation.  Basically, a bunch of people who go around with extreme views that most people will never agree with don't really do much for the cause of liberty because most people won't listen to them.  People like you see on here posting thousands of comments over and over with extreme views really don't do anything to "advance the ball."  They might as well howl at the moon.  as for Coin Center, they understand these issues and most Bitcoiners who post here do not.
@_date: 2016-08-10 21:48:47
Shrem and Karpeles were arresting doing things directly related to their Bitcoin Foundation membership.  Karpeles even used the Foundation's logo to attract customers.  Vessenes was a scammer as you can see from all the lengthy court documents about his various escapades.  Jon Matonis is a wing nut whose word cannot be trusted.  Bruce Fenton is an unapologetic wing nut who post all kinds of weird stuff on his Facebook page and he is still a current Board member.  These people all did a lot of weird things over a long period of time while they were with the Foundation and their activities were readily accepted by the Foundation in spite of complaints. 
Maybe some things have changed from the early days but there has been no effort to distance the Foundation from all these things.  In fact Bruce Fenton remains and all you need to do is look at his Internet postings.  When I look at his facebook page my IQ drops about 10 points and he comingles all that stuff with Bitcoin information ... yet he says its all separate and his personal opinions do not reflect on Bitcoin.  lol.  From what I have been told Brock Pierce is another "anarchist" but apparently hides it from the public so he doesn't sound ridiculous. (he sounds fairly reasonable when he talks so I don't really know).
Maybe things are changing with a new director, I haven't followed things lately.  I have never seen any kind of educational programs, merchant support, promotional videos, etc. etc.  All I ever see come out of the Foundation is some wing nut ranting about regulation from people who don't know what they are talking about.  The grant program was cancelled after the prior management blew through millions without accomplishing much and the guy who wrote the risk report was apparently drummed out and the project abandoned.
You can pretend all these things didn't happen and try to make fun of me ... but that just shows me the Bitcoin Foundation has not changed.  You don't want to fix things, you want to pretend the problems do not exist.  
As far as I know the Foundation does very little because they are out of money due to mismanagement and the failure to expand the membership base.  This is due to the reasons I stated above, lack of transparency, and allowing the organization to turn into a private club run by Bruce Fenton and his group of wing nut friends.  I haven't followed things since he is no longer exec director but the fact that he is still on the board shows there has not been much change.
I also never said all of the members are wingnuts but many of the more influential members are so there will never be a reasonable approach to dealing with regulation so the Foundation should just stay out of it instead of causing more damage.
@_date: 2018-01-06 02:04:56
I ordered the "On the moon" version a few days ago.  
@_date: 2016-04-25 12:12:43
That is correct under the rules of Bitcoin being property.  If was defined under the foreign currency rules then the rules would be different.
@_date: 2016-04-25 11:03:29
That document from the IRS is guidance.  It was based on the fact that most Bitcoin transactions at that time were on exchanges rather than buying goods and services.  From what I understand if you use Bitcoin primarily as a currency you can possibly have it treated that way now.  of course it is best to change that ruling as the OP points out.  The guidance document also has IRS contacts and I have spoken with them before about Bitcoin.
As for supporting such a change the way to do it is to increase Bitcoin commerce.  Some people say this will cause the price to crash because merchants will cash in their Bitcoin but if people were buying Bitcoin as it gets cashed in then the price won't crash.  You should also follow the suggesting in the OP.
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:22:20
@_date: 2018-01-08 01:18:30
Nothing wrong with that but you have faith in a certain group of people and not some intimate thing.
@_date: 2018-01-01 02:10:39
Ha, it took me 30 seconds to find a dictionary of economics that states "Fiat money is an intrinsically useless object that serves as a medium of exchange."  
@_date: 2018-01-07 19:40:32
lol.    
@_date: 2016-08-12 13:10:05
No, there is no "workaround" for confirmation times, it is something you are trading off top get decentralization.  You can introduce centralized solutions but then the whole point of decentralization is lost.  
Bitcoin is a technology with many benefits but people get too carried away and they misrepresent what it can do.
@_date: 2016-08-02 21:17:49
I think if he did that then they would have collapsed earlier.  I think he told people everything was OK to try to avoid any collapse.  I knew enough to withdrawal my coins at least 6 months before he made that video.  
@_date: 2018-01-07 21:11:38
One is government fiat and one is crypto so they are completely different.  A government fiat is controlled by some known entity while a crypto system probably is not.  Further, there is a whole range of altcoins all with different security levels and there are a whole range of government fiat currencies.  It is a rather complex analysis for any given situation.  maybe it is better worse in any given situation but I would say it is different.
@_date: 2018-01-01 03:09:22
I like to look into all the freaks who have latched onto Bitcoin so I came back.  I see you say:  "I'm unemployed, I play video games all day."  What you are is some idiot who lucked out and got involved in Bitcoin and now you think you know everything.  This is why so many Bitcoin businesses and exchanges fail.  They are full of dumb kids who think they know everything because they discovered Bitcoin but don't know anything outside of that.  I spent hours looking up things like the definition of fiat and you click on one link and think you know everything.  The real tipoff that you are an idiot is that you can't get through messages without cursing.  lol.  It doesn't matter what age you are or how much you made in Bitcoin, you are still a dumb kid.
@_date: 2018-01-07 00:25:16
people make all sorts of weird arguments against Bitcoin when people claim it is "infinitely divisible."  There used to be some guy who would make hundreds of comments on this issue.  It is not "infinitely divisible" or anything close to that.  see, for example, 
@_date: 2018-01-09 18:01:03
ok, so they are the central authority who decides?  lol
@_date: 2016-08-24 14:53:23
I don't follow him that closely but he sounds more sensible than many of the posts I see here.
@_date: 2018-01-07 05:35:03
Day trade it and turn it into $1 million
@_date: 2018-01-01 01:36:17
It is not correct or incorrect, it is a matter of which definitions are used and the context it is in.  You can see many examples of what I am talking about by searching on Google.  Many words have many definitions and the last time I checked "bit_LOL" is not on any list of people who make those decisions.  lol.  People like you with no credentials and who won't even take the time to look up a couple things and go around posting all kinds of proclamations make Bitcoiners look ignorant.  That causes people to dismiss Bitcoin out of hand because many of the people associated with Bitcoin have no idea what they are talking about.
@_date: 2018-01-10 13:21:03
How do you determine which forks are "malicious."  Ones you don't like?
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:20:36
maybe, but unethical behavior is not regulated in decentralized systems.  I see all sorts of unethical behavior in Bitcoin all the time.
@_date: 2018-01-01 03:30:25
who cares, I am not reading ALL THAT.  lol
@_date: 2018-01-10 00:59:04
an-cap is just some discussion board stuff, it doesn't exist in the real world.  There is no question that there are too many laws now but the anarchy stuff just goes too far in the other direction.  The ideal is somewhere in between over-regulation and anarchy.  It is a difficult problem that can't be solved by some Ayn Rand quote or a meme.
@_date: 2018-01-07 16:01:04
man, the people in this sub are something else.  You didn't explain anything, you just rambled with nonsense.  Bitcoin is not "infinitely divisible" and it never will be and it cannot be.  You don't understand the definition of infinite.
@_date: 2016-08-08 22:34:23
In other words ... nothing.  later kid.
@_date: 2016-08-12 20:31:55
It cannot be used as a day-to-day currency to replace fiat.  It can be used in certain situations and it supplements other financial instruments but does not completly replace them.
@_date: 2018-01-07 00:08:56


It has 8 decimal digits.  more can be added upon consensus but it is not infinitely divisible.  
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:32:13
You have a weird sense of Bitcoin and crypto.  These are tools used by people to do things.  How does someone "believe in Bitcoin"?  It is a software program, not a religion and it does not have any "goals."  
@_date: 2018-01-09 16:16:18


Actually there is no such thing in the real world, it only exists in discussion boards.  Capitalists cannot function in a system without rules.  It is a just a knee-jerk reaction to over-regulation and a few people who want an excuse not to pay their fair share of taxes (and a few mentally ill people).  It is funny to watch the self-proclaimed anarcho-capitalists use all the benefits of the system and then claim they don't want to pay because some of the money will be used to fund war. 
@_date: 2016-04-25 10:56:38
The tweet does not say he was approached by the US government.  It says he was approached to work on the US government project which means probably means a contractor.  This guy always claims to have all these job offers and clients and many of his postings are attention-tolling so I would not read too much into this.
@_date: 2018-01-01 14:36:14
Luke always calls things he doesn't like "spam" an "attack" or "harmful to Bitcoin."  Just don't worry about it.
@_date: 2018-01-07 00:58:29
Actually it sounds like he may have violated laws related to being a money exchanger.  I don't know what the facts are or the specific laws in Canada but it sure sounds like he is operating a business.  Also, there is discussion that those payments are actually reversible
so it sounds like the typical Bitcoin noob who has no clue he is doing and may be violating laws with serious consequences.
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:40:03
It is a scale.  I don't know why Bitcoiners try to explain everything in extremes.  You either have decentralization or you don't, altcoins are like government fiat, Bitcoin will  either be worth millions or nothing, blah, blah, blah.  these extremes are usually not true in the real world.
@_date: 2018-01-10 07:19:56
Inefficient by design, That is the purpose of proof of work.  It is inefficient because it would take a lot of (inefficient) work to attack the blockchain.
@_date: 2018-01-07 00:19:11
What I see is an evolution where people use different coins/tokens for different purposes depending on their needs.  It is sort of like TV where it went from a couple major networks to hundreds of choices as technology improves.
@_date: 2018-01-10 00:05:01
It is a true story, you know?  The original Bitcoin exchange was first set up to trade the cards and then switched over to Bitcoin
@_date: 2018-01-07 06:27:02
That is not the same as an internal transfer.  you can just transfer using an email address without using the blockchain and incurring any fees.  my next guess would be that the transaction got eaten up with fees or was sent to a different Coinbase account.
@_date: 2018-01-07 16:57:17
The system depends on greedy miners to operate.
@_date: 2018-01-03 02:35:21
It is not wrong or right because there is not one definition.  
@_date: 2018-01-07 14:52:36
You mouth foamers are the worst.  You are confusing making changes to a database to chargeback procedures.  Bitcoin has no chargeback procedures so you can't compare the time for chargeback procedures to complete to a Bitcoin transaction.  For instance, a judge can order someone to return money or change bank accounts so technically they never "settle" in the way you are describing.  You are trying to make a bogus argument to dismiss the fact that Bitcoin has confirmation times that make some transactions difficult to accomplish.  this is an artifact of decentralization.
As for the lightning network, it may make things more convenient to use crypto but generally consumers don't need the expense and complexity of decentralization to buy a cup of coffee.  Most people are not worried about some central authority stealing their coffee money.  There are definitely some use cases but I don't see the argument that people are suddenly going to have an incentive to use crypto because of it.  
@_date: 2018-01-01 04:03:21
I gave you the references but you were too lazy to look them up.  for example:
fiat money
 Neil Wallace  
From The New Palgrave Dictionary of Economics, Second Edition, 2008
Edited by  Steven N. Durlauf and Lawrence E. Blume 
Back to top  
Abstract 
Fiat money is an intrinsically useless object that serves as a medium of exchange. One challenge is to construct models that depict the ancient notion that a medium of exchange is beneficial. Another is to construct models in which the medium of exchange has a low rate of return. This article reviews how those challenges have been approached and argues that progress has been achieved by taking seriously some old ideas about the circumstances in which money is helpful and about the desirable properties of money: money is helpful when there are absence-of-double-coincidence difficulties that cannot be easily overcome with credit; and a good money has desirable physical properties  recognizability, portability and divisibility.
@_date: 2018-01-09 16:42:29


No such thing as a proper name for a decentralized system.  It is determined by consensus of the users.
@_date: 2018-01-01 02:58:27
What is your age?
@_date: 2016-04-02 08:22:17
Who **will** pay the developers is the relevant question.
@_date: 2016-04-23 10:45:17
You should check out the guy from the Niskanen Foundation.  He was recently on the Stossel show.  He points out how the poorly constructed arguments like you make end up making the liberty moment look ridiculous. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 02:18:06
I already stated that in the context of discussing Bitcoinmost people say "fiat" when they really mean "government fiat."  When you grow up and go to college you will understand these things.  lol.  You dumb kids are really annoying.
@_date: 2018-01-09 17:48:34
No, it is not a brand.  A brand/trademark is a source identifier.  By design, Bitcoin has no source identifier.  Brand knockoffs refer to trademark infringement and that does not exist here.
@_date: 2018-01-07 21:36:18
yes, that is what I mean:
"Whether a pull request is merged into Bitcoin Core rests with the project merge maintainers and ultimately the project lead."  
@_date: 2018-01-09 04:45:23
lol.  There is no such thing as official Bitcoin so anyone can call their system Bitcoin whatever.  This is what decentralization is all about.  Besides, I don't you see you flipping over Jeff Garzik and United Bitcoin.   
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:54:33
It means you want to avoid trusting the middle man.  I agree that is important.  the kooks spin this up into this complex "conspiracy theory" where they claim they know the motivations of Satoshi and it just happens to all coincide with their entire political agenda.  Not that I totally disagree with some of the basic principles but the cultists have spun it up into this extremist position that is totally ridiculous.  Check out the Niskanen Foundation, they appeared on Stossel last year.  They talk about how extremists Libertarians make ridiculous arguments that are mostly wrong and most people will never agree with.  It damages the reputation of legitimate libertarians who want to make reasonable arguments.  Many Bitcoiners have turned into the worst kind of cultist nut jobs and most people think they are all crazy and Bitcoin is some kind of scam.  
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:18:18
The idea is that many people will fork Bitcoin and the market will decide.  of course while doing that you may have a certain level of chaos but that is inherent in decentralized systems.
@_date: 2018-01-09 16:38:33


Why would they be the rightful owner?


Who decides what should be intended?
It seems you want some central authority to take over?
@_date: 2018-01-10 16:47:55
We are back to source identifier.  Bitcoin has no company behind it so nobody owns the name.  This is decentralization.  A lot of people have not thought through all the implications of a decentralized system and this thread really highlights that.  That is why this is still an experiment.
@_date: 2018-01-01 03:50:39
I see, you speak for everyone now.   lol.
I guess I got the Fincen ruling that said miners didn't have to register as money transmitters because I can't comprehend anything
I understand your post on reddit and I am saying that it indicates you have a big head and think you know everything because you stumbled onto Bitcoin and made money.  It is a real problem with Bitcoin that many of the advocates are idiots, kooks, and/or idiot-savants.
@_date: 2018-01-10 13:22:15
This stuff about calling everything you don't like an "attack" is ridiculous.
@_date: 2018-01-10 13:19:06
Forgetting about Ver and Bitcoin cash for the moment ... when Bitcoin forks how do you determine which one is "official" and which one is not?  Also, if the name is "hijacked" then who is hijacked from since nobody owns it in the first place?
@_date: 2018-01-07 04:30:01
There have been cases of Local Bitcoin arrests.  I don't follow them all but here is a recent case:
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:25:38
decentralization is a scale, not a bright line so deciding on the level of decentralization needed for any specific transaction is a personal choice.  
@_date: 2018-01-07 05:23:58
"What would happen if someone figured out the encoding program?"
As I understand it the way Bitcoin transactions are engineered there is a "wrapper" around the crypto system used.  You can replace the crypto algorithm with something else and still use the basic Bitcoin system as it is.  I believe old coins will have to moved to a new type of address that uses the new algorithm.  I also believe this leads open the possibility that "lost" coins could some day be recovered since they would be under the old crypto system. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 02:49:01
I think you are going to have to live with the fact that people are going to use different coins for different purposes.  
@_date: 2018-01-09 17:19:10
What goal posts?  There is no central authority, no brand to protect, no official definitions, no official fork, no official blockchain, etc.  You can have 50 different systems all called "Bitcoin" because "Bitcoin" is not a source identifier.  the problem is that you are used to things being centralized and decentralization is an entirely new concept sometimes with unexpected results.  BTW - In Bitcoin there is no such thing as "overwhelming consensus" as consensus is 100%.  If anyone does not agree and runs different software with different rules then their coins won't work. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 23:38:22
Bitcoin doesn't use encryption, it uses cryptography.
@_date: 2018-01-07 02:41:09
No, it is not possible.  The purpose of Bitcoin is to have decentralized transactions.  If the coin is tied to an asset that some entity controls then you have defeated the entire purpose.  What you are describing is a security offering which is highly regulated.
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:23:10
" Has it affected the price? Not really."  
How do you know?
@_date: 2018-01-07 05:54:30
That is tax rules (enforced by the IRS in the USA).  The issue is Money transmitter rules (enforced by FinCEN in USA).  The penalties for violating the money transmitter laws can be severe in USA.
@_date: 2018-01-01 05:16:19
They ruled that based on the use at the time (which was that the vast majority of transactions were to exchanges) that Bitcoin was not operating as a currency for tax purposes.  However, the ruling did leave open the possibility that some people could use it as a currency and the ruling gives contact points to discuss your specific use.
@_date: 2018-01-07 03:54:19
Wow, that is good.  
@_date: 2018-01-07 04:53:44
The people on this sub are unbelievable.  We are talking about making changes to a database, not things that happen artificially.  the problem is you foaming-at-the mouth cultists don't want to accept the fact that there are tradeoffs and costs to implement decentralization.  You didn't destroy anything except your own credibility.
@_date: 2018-01-09 16:39:56


Who is he fraudulently impersonating?  
@_date: 2018-01-07 06:20:34
If it was transferred internally at Coinbase it would not appear on the blockchain.
@_date: 2018-01-07 05:28:37
Yes, I have no clue what the limits are in Canada or what the poster is doing.  selling $4900 to one person sends up red flags that he is operating a MSB but I don't know that.  I looked into the US limits in the past and I forget the exact requirements but it is complicated and it depends if you are selling for a profit.  I did get a ruling from FinCEN that I did not have to register just for mining:
@_date: 2018-01-07 21:28:27
Check out exhibit B:
@_date: 2018-01-07 03:49:28
I just ordered one in canvas.  
@_date: 2018-01-07 06:33:54
1KRTaQCYpxcV5VfCyvr6RDbfaqpBDRQcms is your Coinbase receiving address?  It looks like the funds are there so it is a matter of asking Coinbase if the address is correctly linked to your account.
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:24:24
In the old days they did it because they had investments in Bitcoin and they wanted to see it grow.  This fee issue was known from day 1 but people ignored it because the block reward so was high.  Decentralization is expensive because of proof of work and people will need to pay large fees to use it.  The people who ran around saying transactions will be cheap, it is a solution for poor countries, you can put all kinds of stuff in the blockchain like property records/copyrights/ because it is almost free, etc. etc. was all nonsense spouted by cultists who don't understand how the system works.  if you want cheap transactions that happen fast then you have to give up some aspects of decentralization.
@_date: 2018-01-09 04:54:32
Magic The Gathering Online Exchange ... MTGOX
@_date: 2018-01-10 16:03:08
It is part of the free market and decentralization.  You don't see all these complaints about Jeff Garzik and United Bitcoin but you don't like Ver and his tactics so people call it an "attack."  It is also part of the endless conspiracy theories you see around here.  It was obvious from the time I got involved in Bitcoin that people would fork Bitcoin and that is how the system is supposed to work.  I would advise people not to buy into this particular fork but the same thing could be said about many other systems.  if you like the project everybody upvotes it and it is a great thing, if you don't like it is an "attack," "security issue," "malicious," etc. etc.  
@_date: 2018-01-10 13:13:03
That is part of the Bitcoin experiment whether it scales or not.  It was always known (even though many people claimed otherwise) that the system would be expensive to operate in the long run.  the block reward made it appear cheap in the beginning but decentralization is not cheap.
@_date: 2018-01-08 14:05:24
Software programs don't have political visions.  What people do is project their political vision upon Bitcoin and then they claim everyone who uses it agrees with them.  Those people often misrepresent what Bitcoin is or what it can do when it doesn't fit their political view.  That is why you see so much misinformation on this sub.
@_date: 2018-01-07 19:42:44
whatever.  You can't explain anything on this sub.
@_date: 2018-01-08 13:59:40
Nobody can "hijack" the name because nobody owns it.  that is decentralization.
@_date: 2018-01-10 16:05:24
You miss the point.  people can fork the system and each system has its own consensus.  Who decides what is the "minority chain"?  What you are asking for is some central authority to decide which is the "correct" chain and that does not fit in with decentralization.  
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:53:43
Bitcoin does not have goals.  people have goals that they posted on GitHub and maybe you believe in some of those goals but that is not Bitcoin, that is an agenda by an individual.  those goals vary from person to person.
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:14:45
There are provisions in the laws such that third parties are not responsible for the postings of third parties so the case would be dismissed before it ever got to the issues you want reviewed.  If it did get to that part the dense would be that no such representation was made to the user.  Also, there are numerous forks and altcoins that use the name Bitcoin.  One of the main Bitcoin developers recently launched "United Bitcoin" but that was just one example.  When you get involved in Bitcoin there is no contract, representation, that you will get anything specific.  If you get involved in Bitcoin you are on your own and the central authorities you normally depend upon are not there.  you are essentially accepting that fact when you get involved in decentralization.
I am not trying to promote any position or saying it is good, I am just stating facts.  in fact I think many people on here have oversold the benefits of decentralization.  It is only good for certain situations under certain circumstances.  If you want to use decentralized system then you are stuck with not being able to blame anyone when things go wrong and the situation generally cannot be corrected.  people involved in crypto are starting to realize the implications of all this such as rolling back the ETH blockchain when something went wrong.  You can run into significant problems when using decentralized systems that people here just gloss over but are obvious to people outside of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-01-09 17:33:31
I believe those are the facts but that does not mean I get to impose my facts on anyone else.  There are some people who believe Bitcoin Cash is the official Bitcoin.  Even the former head developer says that is the system he was developing.  If someone wants to believe some other system is Bitcoin then there is nothing you can do about it.  
The real story is you invested in one system and you want to protect your investment from possible competitors and you want to use centralized systems to try to protect your investment.  
@_date: 2018-01-10 16:42:53
You miss the point.  Google has a trademark and their trademarks are a source identifier.  In decentralization you have no source and you have no source identifier ... unless some committee somewhere wants to anoint the Core team as "official."  we can call the committee the Foundation for Educated Developers ... or just FED for short.  lol
@_date: 2018-01-09 17:09:53
But his system is also Bitcoin and so is Jeff Garzik's United Bitcoin.  They all use the same basic code.  You can decide for yourself what you believe to be the real Bitcoin but you have no authority to impose your decision on anyone else.  Now if Bitcoin were centralized a company they can protect their brand and that is the system you are used to..  This is a new type of decentralized system that doesn't have those things.
@_date: 2016-04-25 12:03:44
It also could have been a headhunter who just calls many people without really understanding who they were calling.  If they visit your blog and your conspiracy theory posts about "leaked documents" I am sure they would find you didn't meet the qualifications.  Also, most government agencies have flex time and telework so an off-hours call may not be unusual from a government agency (of course that did not happen here).
@_date: 2018-01-07 17:03:17
13RZzQMpGi4e5ADph9aV9wYR51p7NiTzuc - (Spent) $ 1,528.30
1LVLsuupFb1VJpvW6yWWr7tUfaTDfzcmtf - (Unspent) $ 17.55
The person had a large amount of Bitcoin.  they sent you a small amount and 1,528.30 worth of Bitcoin was left over and went back into the person's wallet.  It is called a "change" address.  
The Bitcoin sent you you is worth $17.55 now and is at address 1LVLsuupFb1VJpvW6yWWr7tUfaTDfzcmtf
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:17:27
You mean the easter egg?  LOL.  that is how you spot a Bitcoin cultist, they have some complex story about that Easter egg and how it represents some complex "secret" agenda.  That is for people who listen to Alex Jones.  Normal people look at the white paper for an explanation of the purpose of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-09 17:25:04


It is decentralization and nobody has to do anything and your or I do not decide what the criteria are.  if there was some committee that imposed these definitions then it would not be decentralized.  You can't just pick and choose what portion of the system you want centralized. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 04:12:38
You win again because I did not document all my links from 2013 when I looked it up.  also, you can't seem to be able to search on Bitcoin "ultimate fiat" to see many other references.  Why don't you go to college and learn how to do research before posting here?
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:41:12
LOL.  That is the goal of some kooks who post here.  The goal of the Bitcoin developer was to create trustless transactions person-to-person.  Bitcoin itself is a software program that has no goals.
@_date: 2018-01-10 00:02:57
I only buy from people with a good rep.  
@_date: 2018-01-10 07:18:34
There is only one hash rate.  A block is a group of transactions and the block reward (new coins) is given for each block solved.  
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:17:07
Those things have central authorities who own intellectual property.  In decentralized systems you don't have that so you have to be aware that Bitcoin is not a "source identifier."
@_date: 2018-01-07 01:23:59


Actually the average for Bitcoin is 60 minutes (6 confirmations).  Decentralization is a tradeoff where you give up instant/fast transactions and you have to pay for the mining infrastructure which is not free.
@_date: 2018-01-08 20:43:00
I never drank the kool aid.  Bitcoin is a tool that will force the hands of certain businesses and disrupt some business models.  I always thought the notion of some utopia was ridiculous ...  Bitcoin will either be worth millions or nothing, replace the US dollar, people will gravitate towards a single world currency, banks/governments will collapse, governance will revolve around the blockchain, end of inflation, government can't borrow so they can't fund wars (or hospitals), yada, yada, yada.  
Altcoins and forks are the best thing to happen to Bitcoin.  the same way Bitcoin is forcing the hands of various business models the altcoins are forcing the hands of the Bitcoin developers (the developers are really just a replacement of the fed).
@_date: 2018-01-09 02:52:16
The checks and balances are that users decide which version to run.  The developers can't force users to run a certain version.  However, if the version you run is incompatible with the exchanges/merchants then your bitcoins aren't worth much. 
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:34:44
I have been involved for years and I know all about it.  The people who started Bitcoin made the reasons clear in their postings and papers.  Most of the stuff you are talking about is postings by kooks looking to promote a fantasy agenda so they latched onto Bitcoin.  Nobody accepted their agenda so they try to give it credibility by associated themselves with a technology like Bitcoin.  They like to claim everyone who uses Bitcoin agrees with their entire fantasy agenda.  
Satoshi dropped out when the kooks started to take over and wanted to create an issue with WikiLeaks.   Satoshi advised against it but the kooks went ahead anyway and that is when Satoshi dropped out.  the freaks over at the Wackymoto Foundation have documented it all.  When they are presented with the facts they claim that even though Satoshi didn't actually say most of things they claim, they say it is all implied by the software he wrote.  lol.  The only thing I hate about Bitcoin is all the ignorant weirdoes who have latched onto it. 
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:35:53
ETH is fuel for transactions on that platform and is completely different than Bitcoin.  I find it hard to believe that most people buying ETH have any plans to do any smart contracts with their ETH (or even know what it is) so I don't think it is sensible at all for newbies to buy ETH.
@_date: 2018-01-09 18:03:56
In that case you would complain to a central authority who maintains an official definition of what gold is supposed to be.  As for not minding, I didn't say that.  I am just pointing out that all of these issues are an artifacts of decentralization and you don't have the same recourse you would have under a centralized system.  If this upsets you maybe decentralization is not for you.
@_date: 2018-01-07 19:00:19
Satoshi created Bitcoin to do person to person trustless transactions.  You can easily spot a Bitcoin cultist when they will read all sorts of implications into the Easter egg satoshi put into the genesis block but satoshi never said all the things people claim that easter egg means.   Further, people did not "pour" into Bitcoin because of some bank bailouts.   Most of the early people got involved because the credit card companies would not process sales on Silk Road.  Maybe you should some research and maybe change your screen name so everyone does not know you are a moron.
@_date: 2018-01-07 05:15:38
add an extra entry for the mining fee and deduct the expense
@_date: 2018-01-06 23:32:19
He just speaks to the crowd and says whatever gets them hyped up ... just another politician spouting nonsense.
@_date: 2018-01-01 02:57:29
What is your age?
@_date: 2018-01-01 02:07:29
I am not going to stop what I am doing and look up something to prove something to some fool on Reddit.  I looked up all this stuff in 2013 when I got involved in Bitcoin.  I found a comprehensive dictionary that had numerous definitions beyond what you find on web sites but I threw it out and I don't have it around the house anymore.  I also looked up what how economists used and defined the word in various papers which you can find easily.  You are just some discussion board warrior who thinks he knows everything because he discovered Bitcoin.   All you care about is trying to prove someone wrong on Reddit rather then educating yourself.  Being associated with all the ignorant cultists and kooks is the worst part about being involved with Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2018-01-10 16:40:43
That is true within each individual system.  In this case there are two separate chains so that only applies within each system.
@_date: 2018-01-10 15:54:15
but the protection goes both ways
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:42:08
the coins can be traced back to the initial point when they were mined and you can see each and every transaction the coin went through no matter how you break it up.
@_date: 2018-01-01 02:52:05
It is funny, I had almost the exact same argument with Vorhees a couple years ago.  He did exactly the same thing, he referenced one definition in a general dictionary and just went rambling on.  I can't believe how many ignorant people have latched onto Bitcoin.  You are a joke.  bye.  
@_date: 2018-01-07 02:09:04
The point is there are no secure decentralized systems that settle quickly compared to centralized ones.  It is a tradeoff for decentralization.  This is a very important point to understand decentralization.  While it may not go along with your fervor to support Bitcoin it is actually a fact.  You can use centralized systems to eliminate this but that defeats the entire purpose except that it adds convenience.
@_date: 2018-01-01 02:30:51
You are the dumb kid for not realizing the difference between a general dictionary and one specifically for economics.  "Fiat" is often used differently by professionals and those definitions do not always show up in general dictionaries.  The mistake you are making is of a laymen who never went to college and never did research.  While I studied physics rather than economics I did learn how to research things.  You should spend your time doing that rather than posting misinformation and curse words on reddit.  look up "dictionary of economics" and then look how actual economists use the terms in papers you find in Google.  then you will understand how the term is used in different contexts.
@_date: 2018-01-04 07:14:09
I am not sure what to make of the chart but the hash rate is just an estimate based on how fast the blocks are found.  
@_date: 2018-01-09 18:13:13
"Bitcoin" was used before satoshi's paper and Bitcoin.com was registered years before 2009.  Even if there was some "rule" somewhere there is nobody in charge of enforcing it.  
@_date: 2018-01-10 16:44:32
You don't get it.  BCH has consensus among its user and BTC has consensus among its users.  there is no official entity that designates one as "minotity."  
@_date: 2018-01-09 18:09:50
Ver is a mental case, I have been telling people that for years.  However, it is a free market and he has the right to create his own Bitcoin, Buy Bitcoin.com, and use a Bitcoin twitter account to promote it.  I personally traded in all the Bitcoin Cash in but if that what he wants to promote that then he is free to do it.
@_date: 2018-01-10 05:43:26
They keep the miners and run them all and rent them out.  Couldn't they just send out fake data and not run any miners and nobody would know?
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:52:07
The idea is to have trustless transactions person-to-person, I believe in that.  The stuff about replacing currencies, collapsing banks/governments, ending wars, etc. etc. is all agendas put forth by people and I don't believe most of that.  
@_date: 2018-01-07 04:46:53
so what?  It takes a week to get verified at an exchange but that is not what we are talking about. 
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:07:56
different people have different goals and they express their opinion.  in the end some central authority decides and accepts one of the goals.  maybe you are saying that you believe in the goals of the central authority who runs the GitHub for Bitcoin core, I am not really sure.
@_date: 2018-01-09 16:41:48
Sure it is, it Bitcoin just like all the other Bitcoins (Gold, united, etc.).  Welcome to decentralization.
@_date: 2018-01-07 02:03:37
So what?  The point is that Bitcoin is not infinitely divisible.  
@_date: 2018-01-08 14:39:07
Things like that can happen and that is why decentralization is not always the panacea that some people here want to portray.
@_date: 2018-01-07 15:51:44
The issue is there is mo way to have a discussion with people like you.  You are the typical cultist who listens to nothing and you have some bogus argument for every issue.  You post links to your "fallacies" and you think you win every argument.  This is why people think all Bitcoiners are idiots/scammers/nut jobs/ etc.  Bitcoin does not function like other systems because of the confirmation times which is an artifact of decentralization.  Further, most people don't need decentralized systems to buy low cost items.  while LN makes things more convenient it does not create a need for consumers to use crypto which is the point the other poster was making which went over your head.  You are in such a fervor to repeat your circle-jerk nonsense you don't even understand the questions/issues.
You think you are winning arguments and promoting Bitcoin but all people like you do is turn people away from Bitcoin.  All you do is gain points with other circle-jerkers while making Bitcoiners look stupid.  I support Bitcoin and I think your arguments are bogus so you can imagine what newcomers think.
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:16:13
miners were never required to process transactions in any particular way.  The consensus rules you agree to when getting involved in Bitcoin say that miners don't have to accept any transactions, they can just mine empty blocks and get the reward.  
@_date: 2018-01-07 14:39:58
lol.  You don't understand the point.  You are just another mouth foamer who has no clue what you are posting.
@_date: 2018-01-09 17:06:47
Ok then ...  who is in charge of setting the definition of Bitcoin?  
@_date: 2018-01-06 23:35:54
You are trying to buy an asset with no possible dispute mechanism (chargebacks) using a credit card where the charges can be disputed via a chargeback.
@_date: 2018-01-04 07:01:56
I think there is a conspiracy theory quota here. 
@_date: 2018-01-07 02:36:39
I believe that is only for USD holdings, not crypto.
@_date: 2018-01-09 01:08:00
If you are using a pool you don't have to run a node, only the pool operator does.
@_date: 2018-01-09 16:45:09
no.  You don't get this decentralization thing.  You give up all these things when you get involved in a decentralized system.  Nobody owns the intellectual property.  Actually Mt. Gox is the only entity I know of that got a Bitcoin trademark through the system but it is generally accepted that this registration won't hold up to a challenge.
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:45:29
What you are talking are various political agendas put forth by people who have latched onto Bitcoin as a way of promoting some agenda.  those goals vary from person to person.  Bitcoin is an inanimate software program that has no goals. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 16:56:51


Who sets that rule?  They can both continue on and both can claim to be official and there is nothing anyone can do about it.
@_date: 2018-01-10 00:25:09
I looked it up.  In the case of the Bitcoin futures it looks like they "self-certified" so the companies themselves defined the product and stated their offerings comply with CFTC rules:
In any case I don't think the CFTC can regulate normal crypto activities not related to an investment product they regulate.  If they did it would mean the government decides which blockchain is accepted as valid.  
@_date: 2018-01-01 03:40:50
that's it, that is how I got an advanced degree in Physics too.  You win another argument!
You made me think of this:
@_date: 2018-01-08 03:44:31
That sounds exaggerated.  However, even I know just from listening to interviews on Let's Talk Bitcoin that the State and fed are completely different systems.  Anyone involved in MSB's knows this and any attorney involved in these types of businesses would explain that.  Each State has different requirements and some require no license at all.  It is minimum $100k in legal fees to register in each State and the fed if you are a national outfit.  There is some guy from the National money services association who did interviews on Let's talk Bitcoin and he explains it.
@_date: 2017-12-31 05:44:47
Yeah, it is just like going to see Oprah.
@_date: 2017-12-17 13:23:55
The question is why do you need to use expensive decentralized systems to buy a cup of coffee?  People don't buy Bitcoin just to be able to use it (except for people like to use new technology).  There has to be a reason to use it for small transactions and I don't see any reason.  Maybe it will be easier to use for some people who already have Bitcoin but I don't see the incentive for people to go out and buy Bitcoin just to buy a cup of coffee.  It is not like the government or banks are seizing coffee payments or somehow interfering with those transactions.  
@_date: 2017-12-31 04:50:31
"Bitcoins are worth like tuppence now"  - Mark E. Smith
Can you swing by Prestwich and update him on the current price?
@_date: 2017-12-19 19:05:26
I am sure it sounds that way to you.  lol
@_date: 2017-12-17 03:42:50
Bitcoin is for doing transactions without an intermediary in a decentralized fashion.  The question is why people need decentralization for small transactions and that really never gets answered in these discussions.  I think these things are red herrings and tend to divert people's attention away from the true value of Bitcoin.  
The same thing for the people who say bitcoin will replace credit cards.  For the most part people want the dispute process to be in place except in certain specific circumstances.  I often found it comical on Bitcointalk how in one section people advocated Bitcoin replacing credit cards yet in the mining section people said never to pay for mining equipment with Bitcoin but rather use credit cards so you can dispute the charges.
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:57:32
They can destroy it if they want.  They can manufacture chips and do a 51% attack for less than it costs to build a jet fighter or nuclear sub.
@_date: 2017-12-26 14:38:46
Those are not Bitcoin blockchain transactions so they don't have a miner fee.  I don't think you can transfer directly from GDAX to your Nano Ledger, you have to transfer to Coinbase and then transfer to nano ledger.  In that case Coinbase deducts the miner fee from the transfer 
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:05:30
I looked it up a long time ago when I first got involved in Bitcoin.  One economist did an article where he explained that Bitcoin was the "ultimate fiat" but he was using the more general definition.  It is just a matter of people using different definitions and an economist may use the word differently than what you see here.
@_date: 2017-12-17 06:27:16
in other words you can't explain it.
@_date: 2017-12-18 16:44:24
Decentralization is a continuum rather than a bright line.  How much any individual event causes more or less centralization is a very complicated question.  The theory is that everyone involved in Bitcoin is out for themselves (miners, investors, etc.) and that all this crowd participation of different agendas will work out in the end.  It is an experiment so it is not really known how it will turn out.  it seems to have worked pretty good so far.
However, the notion that highly talented developers who can command high salaries will work for free to serve the Bitcoin "community" is somewhat misguided.  therefore, it is expected that developers will serve some commercial interest but they can't force people to use any particular version of the software so there are checks and balances.
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:09:00
The inflation issue has nothing to with whether it is fiat or not.  dogecoin is not limited and it is the same thing as far as the fiat definition is concerned.
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:17:45
Your post says you don't understand the system you are getting into.  it is decentralized with nobody in control.  This means scammer, deceptive people, price manipulators, and all the other things you don't like have free reign in a system like this.  It is up to you, not some government agency, to protect yourself and understand what is going on.  If some entity decides to produce mining chips and do a 51% attack, if someone develops an altcoin that people flock to, if satoshi cashes in his coins, etc. etc. then your store of value can be destroyed.  There is nothing anyone can do and no magical government agency that can protect you.  That is the system you are agreeing to be part of when you use decentralized crypto.
@_date: 2017-12-19 20:13:01
Some people make calculation based on the retail cost of miners.  However, someone actually doing the attack will just manufacture the chips.  Right now I believe there are only a handful of places (I think I read about 5 but I am not sure) that can manufacture the chips.  If you control those facilities then you can control Bitcoin since you can make the chips yourself and prevent others from getting the chips.  Of course people can switch to another coin but Bitcoin would be done.  I don't think it would happen but it is an interesting thought experiment.
@_date: 2017-12-20 00:11:31
Then you open up things to mining bots.  Plus, you would decimate the current mining industry.  I am sure there are other reasons that I don't know.  These things get very complicated when you start analyzing all the issues.
@_date: 2017-12-16 19:12:15
The reality is there are people on both sides who are ridiculous, foolish etc.  You have the Krugman types on the one hand and you have the bitcoin cultists that post all kinds of nonsense here every day.  The Krugman types are often just responding to the claims made by the cultists and they never really get an understanding of what is going on.  It is like Al Gore and Rush Limbaugh arguing over global warming, you will never get any kind of useful information by listening to them argue.  They key is to ignore all those people.  Since we are being honest one of the key filters is to ignore people who quote dead people all the time because they are usually discussion board "warriors" who never really interact with the real world.
@_date: 2017-12-31 18:41:43
Bitcoin is fiat under the more general definition and it has nothing to do with whether it is centralized.  Bitcoin is also a commodity under some definitions of that term.
@_date: 2017-12-13 20:20:54
Ask him how much he charges to speak ... priced in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-10 20:11:47
It doesn't say which exchange rate is being used.
@_date: 2017-12-28 00:39:30
I don't know what people believe when they invest in Bitcoin.  For every person that loses money another person gains so I am unclear what you are saying.  If you are saying the exchange rate will crash that may happen, I don't know.
@_date: 2017-12-19 17:14:31
Yes, but if they start doing it now people will lost faith in Bitcoin.  I don't think it will happen but It would make a good plot to a movie.  Then again, who knows?  Maybe China will decide to do it.
@_date: 2017-12-18 15:54:31
Bitcoin is less than 10 years old and now that people are familiar with cryptos so it possible a new system could reach those levels in a much shorter time.   I am not saying to expect that to happen but it is certainly possible.
@_date: 2017-12-18 16:37:57
The theory is that all the trading, arbitrage, and futures trading will eventually stabilize the price.  What will actually happen is not really known.
@_date: 2017-12-27 00:50:20
Yes, more specifically, doing decentralized transactions person-to-person.  That can be used for all sorts of things.  For instance, the government can track Bitcoin transactions on the blockchain and use it as a honeypot to track drug dealers and arrest them.  Even though Bitcoin can used for that purpose I don't think it would be proper to say that this is what Bitcoin is.  The people who talk about replacing the Dollar, collapsing governments and institutions, and ending wars are latching onto Bitcoin.  They often try to claim that if you buy into the idea of doing decentralized transactions then you have bought into their entire agenda  of how society should be structured.  That is just not the case.
@_date: 2017-12-16 19:14:18
I tell people it takes about 3 months to learn all the ins and outs of crypto and a year or more to become expert in certain areas.
@_date: 2017-12-26 15:05:21
Bitcoin has a finite supply because people agreed to use software that limits Bitcoin to 21 million.  Altcoins/crypto in general have an infinite supply as anyone can start new coins.  You can use different coins for different purposes so there is no need to choose one coin as a "winner."
@_date: 2017-12-10 04:19:47
@_date: 2017-12-07 20:15:18
At what times don't they belong?
@_date: 2017-12-17 13:16:40
The point is there is little to no demand to do decentralized transactions to buy a cup of coffee.  The demand is for a store of value and cash transfers, not buying a cup of coffee.
@_date: 2017-12-31 15:45:50
You also need to explain that the coin is meant to fund the company that developed the platform.  The business model is that it would be too complicated and expensive to collect transaction fees directly on transaction so they create a token that needs to be "destroyed" when transactions take place on the platform.  The company distributed the token to fund their operations and the token is regulated.  In fact they had to pay a for their dealings with Roger Ver.  The idea predates Bitcoin and at least one person (Mike Hearn) stated he got into Bitcoin after getting involved in the Ripple concept.  
@_date: 2017-12-17 01:42:34
Why do people need Bitcoin to pay for low cost items like a cup of coffee?
@_date: 2017-12-19 17:10:20
Actually I have and it is mostly just nonsense.  You should check out the Niskanen Foundation.  They were on Stossel awhile back discussing how people with a bunch of stupid arguments do damage to Libertarian issues by making ridiculous proclamations so that outsiders think they are fools.  Once someone identifies themselves and an An-Cap I automatically stop listening to anything they have to say.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:38:45
Bitpay has a setting on the merchant end that dictates how many confirmations until payment is deemed accepted so there is no set number of confirmations.  I thought a merchant can accept zero confirmation payments but I haven't used Bitpay in awhile so I am not sure.
@_date: 2017-12-31 18:35:57
It actually has more than one definition.  a more general definition includes things where people put value into it.  Some have called Bitcoin the "ultimate" fiat as no laws were necessary to give it value.  But most people involved in Bitcoin use the government issued definition.
@_date: 2017-12-26 16:46:49
Many people here have a political agenda and they use Bitcoin to promote that agenda.  they want to replace governments, banking institutions, anti-war, etc. etc.  they latch onto Bitcoin and try to make a case that everyone who uses Bitcoin agrees with their political agenda.  Bitcoin is a technical solution that allows people to do trustless transactions directly without involving a third party which can be used for all sorts of different reasons and agendas.  people like AA lure people in with a discussion about technical issues and they project their political agenda on their audience.  The problem comes up when they start exaggerating what Bitcoin can do because they are really promoting their political agenda and not the technology.  it is not just AA but many people who do this.
@_date: 2017-12-17 03:47:05
Click deposit or withdraw and choose the correct tab and you will see the balances at Coinbase.
@_date: 2017-12-28 15:02:41
Bitcoin is only a partial solution because it is possible to do things like a 51% attack and roll back the blockchain.  A user is trusting the Bitcoin system and that the blockchain is most likely immutable.  None of the systems are entirely immutable, the issue is trusting the level of security for your purposes.  If you are transferring 25 cents worth of dogecoin your requirements are much different than if you were transferring $1 million in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-17 15:58:34
but did he pay for it with Bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-12-09 19:55:02
But they are doing you a favor by pointing out misinformation
@_date: 2017-12-17 16:04:34
Once you trade that is a conversion.  I any case this is one of those "Other people should do X with their money" posts.     
@_date: 2017-12-17 04:02:53
What intellectual property did he steal?
@_date: 2017-12-18 16:02:19
If you are talking about comparable hashing power as well that that is more difficult and expensive but it can be done easily if they have the resources.  All that is needed is to produce the chips (or make a deal with the small number of facilities who are capable of making the chips).  They could actually destroy Bitcoin by doing a 51% attack and mine their chain secretly until they decided to release it.  
This all comes from the fact that Bitcoin is only an approximate solution to the Byzantine General problem.  the issue is that it is possible )albeit expensive) to do a 51% attack and roll back the blockchain.  Not that I am saying any of this will happen but it is certainly possible given the way the technology works.
The most likely scenario as I see it is that governments will issues their own crytos something similar to the Canadian "mint chip" proposal.  How well it will pan out and how much acceptance there will be is another question.
@_date: 2017-12-19 20:05:04
The result of this type of fud ... is that you get to buy cheap coins.  People said the same stuff about email in the 1990's and that worked out OK.  
@_date: 2017-12-31 18:37:42
The term has more than one definition. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:58:23


this is not the place for your crazy conspiracy theories. lol
@_date: 2017-12-31 18:36:31
It is both
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:11:55
No, it is not.  There are many cultists that post here but they are just latching onto BTC as a way promoting their cult.  Just because a bunch of kooks claims Bitcoin will end wars does not say anything one way or another about the technology itself.
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:18:52
You are an idiot, you didn't even look up who I am.  You have been on here 2 months and you have no idea about any of this stuff yet you are posting like you know something.  I also don't hate Bitcoin, I love it.  I hate ignorant people like you who post all kinds of misinformation and make people think Bitcoiners are all stupid.
I have a Master's in physics from Rutgers and I am retired federal employee.  I also got the ruling from FinCEN that said miners don't have to register as money transmitters.  What have you done other than curse on discussion groups and get yourself banned?
@_date: 2017-12-31 18:40:05
Actually if you would use a comprehensive dictionary it would list several different definitions.  Government fiat is just one type of fiat money depending on which definiation you use.
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:56:31
Bitcoin is fine even though it has attracted a bunch of cultists.  Just ignore them and keep using Bitcoin.  Competing implementations just make crypto systems stronger in the long run.
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:55:26


lol  I always wonder what this means since you can't have capitalism with anarchy.   Maybe it is like building a road without any markings or road signs?
@_date: 2017-12-17 14:31:59
People need to make their own decisions and not depend on Coinbase, AA, Ver, Vorhees, or anyone says.  However, it is interesting how people search for some authority to tell them the way things should be.  It is true even among people promoting decentralization.  
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:29:40
All his points are correct, there is nothing to debate.  You take his description as "hating" on Bitcoin because you have a distorted view.
@_date: 2017-12-17 06:29:06
A trademark is source identifier of goods and services and there is no single source for Bitcoin as it is decentralized.
@_date: 2017-12-26 13:22:06
Yes, the government should step in every time I don't like something I see in the free market.  Maybe the government will come out with a road map for new coins that will be released and that way I won't have to bother making decisions for myself?   lol. 
@_date: 2017-12-28 18:39:00
But the point is none of the coins are immutable.  They are immutable up to the point that the systems works as intended but those systems have different levels of security.  You can't just say that Bitcoin is immutable and some other coin is not.  You can say that Bitcoin is much more secure than the other coin and the Bitcoin blockchain is much less likely to be changed.
@_date: 2017-12-09 23:45:40
Your are confusing two different things.  You are talking about the value of the software system, not an individual Bitcoin.  There are thousands of these coins that use the same technology and I can start one in 5 minutes.  Most of them are worth nothing.  You just don't understand the meaning of "intrinsic value" and you are just repeating nonsense that you read here.  Not having intrinsic value is necessary for decentralization and it is a feature of Bitcoin.  So when someone says Bitcoin has no intrinsic value you should agree with them and point out it is a feature rather than try to come up with some bogus argument that anyone can see is not true.
@_date: 2017-12-31 15:32:38
You forgot the part about Bitcoin ending war.  lol
@_date: 2017-12-28 02:55:16
Why do you have to interject drama such as "Between July 2015 and August 2017 bitcoin was attacked by external forces"?  Just because you see something you don't like doesn't mean it is an "attack."  Competing implementations are just part of decentralization and they will always exist.  
@_date: 2017-12-17 19:03:50
It's a conspiracy
@_date: 2017-12-27 18:02:28
It is still early and many people overstate the end game.  Bitcoin si about doing decentralized transactions and the tradeoff is that it is expensive, slow, and complicated.  For many cases decentralization is not needed or even desirable so you have to look at the use cases to understand how well it is adopted.  For instance, I don't care if my payment for a cup of coffee is decentralized but I may care if my foreign draft is decentralized.  People here often focus on the wrong things and exaggerate the use cases.
@_date: 2017-12-09 19:57:37
Hobo nickels are an altcoin that never attained much value.  The point is that crypto currencies do not have any intrinsic value, they only have value that people assign to it.  You don't understand the definition of "intrinsic value."  Bitcoin has none by design and that is a feature, not a flaw.
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:37:47
people who download the software decide how many Bitcoins there will be.  if people decide there should be more than 21 million then that is the software they will run.  That has nothing to do with how people value the individuals coins.  for instance,  dogecoin has no limit but people put value into it.
@_date: 2017-12-31 16:08:02
Decentralization is a scale and not a bright line thing.  For instance, you don't need the same level of decentralization for transactions of $1 vs. $1 million.  So it is perfectly fine to have systems with different levels of decentralization that operate simultaneously.  all this "us vs. them" stuff is just drama and hyperbole.
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:03:22
That has nothing to do with it.  
@_date: 2017-12-17 14:26:21
I would not say that.  people use Bitcoin to transfer value all the time where they utilize decentralization.  It is just that people don't really need decentralization to transact a few dollars.
@_date: 2017-12-17 15:57:20
Yes, what it boils down to is that people don't really want decentralization except in specific circumstances where they perceive benefit.  People generally don't want to be their own bank and they want politicians (AA, Vorhees, etc. are Bitcoin's version of politicians) to run things for them.  
@_date: 2017-12-19 01:01:34
This is the business plan of many of the old Bitcoin exchanges.  lol
@_date: 2017-12-26 15:13:42
Yes, I see it now, I didn't realize that.  
@_date: 2015-12-13 15:58:14
If they support Bitcoin they should at least stop posting nonsense that will drive people away.  When I try to talk about bitcoin to people who read all this crap they just roll their eyes and they won't listen.  People won't show up to meetups and the Philly meetup collapsed and they don't even hold them anymore.  People like the technology but they don't want to hear all this cultist nonsense.  
@_date: 2017-12-27 00:53:23
There was no such plan, that is just circle jerk nonsense you hear from cultists (and people who went to Woodstock).  There is a plan to do decentralized transactions person to person and that is chugging along just fine.
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:07:08
Government fiat says you can you use it to pay debts but it does not guarantee any value.  Bitcoin is fiat in the general sense because people give it value on their own without any law.
@_date: 2015-12-11 20:51:28
That does not get results either as you comment shows.
@_date: 2015-12-19 20:42:48
If Bitcoin can end wars, collapse banks, replace the dollar, end government controls, change human nature, ... yada yada yada ... then why can't it ruin this guy's life?   lol
@_date: 2017-12-26 17:27:05
people like Coin Center and the group at Princeton University are two groups that generally do not do that and the information they provide is of much better quality than the stuff you see from the agenda pushers.  I have learned not to listen to people like AA, Vorhees, Ver, the Nakamoto Foundation, etc.  AA is just another Trump who will say anything to excite the crowd they are in front of.
@_date: 2017-12-09 16:56:52
The problem is many of the advocates and promoters exaggerate things and interject their political agenda into the description of Bitcoin.  People pick up on these exaggerations and misstatements and but because they don't fully understand Bitcoin they think it must be scam.  Why else would people be making all these false statements about it?  They don't understand Bitcoin cultism so they think people are just trying to scam them.   
@_date: 2015-12-13 16:01:18
I would only use Bitcoin for those purposes if I had a track record with the person, for small amount, or using some kind of escrow service.
@_date: 2015-12-06 16:52:32
Roger Ver does not scale.
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:35:02
A commodity is a completely different definition and Bitcoin has some aspects of both.  Again, the definition of a commodity depends on the context and there are different definitions.  there are discussions about the definitions and how they relate to Bitcoin at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.  
You can create a fiat currency like Bitcoin any time you want and people do it all the time.  Sometimes people assign value to those systems.  Just search on Bitcoin and "ultimate fiat" and you will see economists discuss the definitions.
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:50:49
Don't forget the guy who claimed that running nodes when you actually weren't doing a transaction was an attack because it opens up sockets (actually he didn't like the fork).
Also, remember when it was that claimed Gavin's access to GitHub was an attack because of the Satoshi claims.
@_date: 2017-12-31 14:56:09


If that were true people would not be complaining to authorities.  From mining companies to exchanges Bitcoiners are responsible for thousands of complaints against Bitcoin businesses.
@_date: 2015-12-12 12:16:18
Well why don't you explain yourself instead of following me around and posting your childish crap?  
@_date: 2017-12-18 16:35:40
You would probably want to keep a master seed rather than individual private keys.  Don't mark the paper backup as a Bitcoin wallet seed and most people will not know what it is even if they found it.  Of course plan ahead if you die or a natural disaster in your local area (flood, fire, etc.)
@_date: 2015-12-10 04:24:03
he has a bunch of Bitcoin-related domains.
@_date: 2015-12-07 17:18:49
generally there is not enough profit to support the ads.
@_date: 2015-12-14 03:12:50
You are a Reddit weirdo
@_date: 2015-12-02 02:38:04


What does this mean?  Is there documentation about this?
@_date: 2015-12-11 23:42:09
Heresy!  lol  Yes, that makes sense.
@_date: 2015-12-19 20:31:52
The post was downvoted most places and it just not got a few upvotes to make it positive.  I assume it was you.
Who said I didn't agree with their philosophy?  I said it was off topic.  Of course wing nuts like to claim things about other people's positions.  lol  You also don't know the definition of troll either.  (hint:  It does not mean anyone who disagrees with you).  
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:01:50
I remember my fist day of logging into Bitcoin talk in January 2013.  one guy proclaimed that I should join WoW because everyone in Bitcoin was a member.  Another guy pointed me to some diatribe nonsense from Eric Vorhees.  Luckily I had studies cryptography and that kept my interest.  
@_date: 2015-12-10 17:25:26
What was that key the Bitcoin Foundation posted when it was first formed?
@_date: 2015-12-20 15:26:29
No, they sell it and profit from it.
@_date: 2017-12-18 16:32:19
No, because it depends on the algorithm being used.  You can compare coins with the same mining algorithm. 
@_date: 2015-12-12 23:20:30
Are web sites going to give you a good deal of money for doing essentially nothing valuable?  What do you think?
@_date: 2015-12-19 21:08:46
If you looked at my comment history you would know the things I do like the mining ruling I got from Fincen and the trademark cancellation.  I have bought several things and I pay bounties to work on some of my Bitcoin web sites within the past week.  The kooks who post all these wing nut posts don't even use Bitcoin for the most part yet they are going to collapse the entire financial system.  How?  By posting on reddit?  lol You are just upset because I don't go along with the circle jerk stuff.  So how much have you spent with Bitcoin in the last week?
@_date: 2015-12-11 16:21:06
That is true but the votes often come from a limited universe of like-minded people.
@_date: 2015-12-19 15:51:27
This is a Bitcoin discussion
@_date: 2015-12-18 23:24:30
What does this have to do with Bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-12-14 01:05:12
Here in one the post I found from you:  "I just know that it's all paper, depreciating in buying power annually, printed out of thin air, and backed by guns. How long can that go on now that viable and better alternatives are here?"
So your definition of wing nut is anyone who doesn't agree with you?  lol.
@_date: 2015-12-08 04:50:33
Yes, I think they would be OK if they were just a vanilla organization that supported the technology.  Otherwise, let them end.
@_date: 2015-12-02 01:13:54
Any how many people have been duped by the feds?
@_date: 2015-12-03 18:13:09
The database gets corrupted sometimes with Armory.  Do you have 0.93.3 version?  if not then upgrade before trying again.
@_date: 2015-12-05 13:37:06
Who cares about your childish Reddit memes?  I am very high on Bitcoin, I am setting up several web sites, and I am paying people in Bitcoin.  I also got that [ruling from FinCEN so US miners don't have to register as money transmitters](  I also filed legal action and got the [bogus BITCOIN trademark cancelled]( so small companies don't have to be worried about getting sued by some scammer lawyer.  I am negative sometimes against ignorant cultists like yourself because it is embarrassing to be associated with those types.  
@_date: 2015-12-06 10:56:54
Bitcoin does not use encryption, it uses cryptography.
@_date: 2015-12-09 04:23:31
Of course.  What can you do those people except stand there with your smug little attitudes, stupid memes, and ignorant descriptions of the problem?   I have always suggested that people like theymos and Vorhees should stand outside the funerals of those murdered and explain how KYC laws are "immoral" and they should have their meetings off the coast of Somali.   
@_date: 2015-12-01 21:06:12
I though government actions of this type are only supported by "statist shills?"
@_date: 2015-12-11 15:30:18
Then again it can allow a bunch of wing nuts and cultists to reinforce themselves with false information.
@_date: 2015-12-06 10:45:48
Because hyperbolic messages on twitter and Reddit get more attention than a real analysis. 
@_date: 2015-12-07 21:49:20
Gaming is fine.  if you have done nothing else worth while you should not be going around telling all of society they have done everything wrong.
@_date: 2015-12-07 17:11:04
the banks did that because the government demanded it.  banks don't want to waste their profits on compliance and they do it because they have to. 
@_date: 2015-12-07 18:38:34
Nobody said anything about "liking" anything.  When people state a fact (or something they perceive to be true) it does not necessarily mean they like or dislike it.  When you respond with "if you like ..." you are inserting your bias and the rest of your comment is nonsense.
@_date: 2015-12-19 21:12:24
It is not going to happen by posting to reddit.  I just updated [Bitcoin Food]( so buy something and find more vendors to add to the list.
@_date: 2015-12-07 17:09:48
Most of the propaganda comes from Bitcoiners.  the banks don't care that much about Bitcoin to start a propaganda campaign.  
@_date: 2015-12-09 02:11:51
Well I have sat in a room full of people who had their sons and daughters blown out of the sky by some nut job asking us what we were going to do about it.
@_date: 2015-12-08 18:15:18
My issue is that Coin Center is doing a good job in interfacing with legislatures and should not be attacked by you or the Foundation for doing so.  Those actions do not support or oppose any specific regulations.
The Bitcoin Foundation is about promoting Bitcoin and specific politcal candidates should not even be mentioned.  I believe the tax exempt status of the Foundation prevents political activities and they would need to change their status to do that.  in any case promoting or attacking specific political candidates or issues is contrary to the mission of the Foundation.  If you want to go around the Internet creating enemies by promoting your political agenda it ends up being bad for Bitcoin as you are sure to offend many people.  Normally Directors of organizations of this type go to great lengths to hide their personal opinions so it doesn't reflect back on the organization.  You do the opposite, you use your position at the Foundation to promote your political agenda.  Anyone visiting your facebook page is presented with all these wing nut proclamations along side issues surrounding Bitcoin and the Foundation and you make your status as executive Director clear on that page.  A casual observer will think that everybody involved in Bitcoin is involved with your political causes.
@_date: 2015-12-06 18:11:14
libertarians are fine.  It is the extremist wing nuts that are the ones doing damage to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-12-13 01:55:44
No, I own a Bitcoin company.  I got that [ruling that US miners don't have to register as money transmitters]( and I had the bogus [BITCOIN trademark cancelled](  
@_date: 2015-12-06 16:56:06
His story is that he called the agents at Waco, TX murderers and the agents investigating his fireworks sales (they were small explosives used for rodent control that he sold on Ebay) insisted on jail for that reason.  The charges are that he stored the explosives in his apt. complex.  Ver says he shipped small amounts and the complaints added up the amounts over a period of time.  
@_date: 2015-12-22 13:36:13
Apples and oranges.  The blockchain can only handle Bitcoin transaction data, not general database entries.
@_date: 2015-12-03 22:44:05
Check the bitcointalk armory thread and they can normally answer questions.
You can run the core client alone and see if it is stuck.  is so delete the blockchain data and let it start over.  If not then it is the Armory database that may need to be rescanned so you can delete that data and let that run.  I configure it so the data files are on a spare drive so it doesn't fill up the c drive. 
@_date: 2015-12-12 15:00:26
I have updated the Bitcoin Food directory.  A currency cannot be used once a year so users should start getting used to buying stuff on a regular basis.  if you have food items for sale listings are free.
This is part of an initiative to support Bitcoin 1.0.  while people like to talk about smart contracts automatically refueling their jetpacks or how Bitcoin will take over the world, Bitcoin 1.0 needs a firm foundation before that can happen.  The goal is to buy at least one thing per week with Bitcoin in 2016 ...  "Bitcoin Saturday."
@_date: 2015-12-06 18:09:30
Of course the new world order should be run by Ver, Vorhees, Shrem, Karpeles, etc.  Theymos should be in charge of all Communications issues.  lol
@_date: 2015-12-01 22:18:32
If he made a transaction on that date the funds could have sent to a change address and possibly that change address was not scanned when he started the wallet.  but it sounds like that is not the case here.
@_date: 2015-12-06 18:04:22
You certainly have shown yourself to be dishonest.
@_date: 2015-12-19 21:35:55
You want to claim I am not doing things in Bitcoin so I want to know what you are doing.  
@_date: 2015-12-03 18:21:46
 is still up
@_date: 2015-12-01 22:22:03
people are people and some computer program isn't going to change that.
@_date: 2015-06-11 16:27:01
It makes no sense and I don't care, I am working on Bitcoin.  The way to stop draconian regulation is to bring more people into Bitcoin, not scare them away with wing nut talk.
@_date: 2017-12-26 15:10:27
He often uses Bitcoin to promote his political PR.
@_date: 2015-12-19 19:22:00
It is funny how this spam comment was posted several places and got downvoted in most places.  In r/Bitcoin it got hundreds of upvotes.   I wonder how many people upvoting all this stuff and making all these chest pounding posts actually bought something with Bitcoin within the past week?
@_date: 2015-12-13 15:19:11
I don't see any purpose to posting these types of threads over and over again.  Many people are living just fine right now and posting this type of stuff is not going to bring new people into Bitcoin.  In fact it will turn away most normal people when they see the errors and curse words mixed in with obviously wrong information and circle jerk nonsense.
@_date: 2017-12-31 08:14:51
nonce and Message.:  1message  2message ... and so forth.  When you get to 51message the hash starts with a zero and you solve  block (with the lowest possible difficulty).
@_date: 2015-12-12 22:58:05
I'm not sure that applies directly since people put the value on Bitcoin rather than governments but things like this are factors in the discussion.  for instance, once Western union sees their profits go down they will either lower their fees or adopt Bitcoin into their system, etc.  They won't just stand there and go out of business.
@_date: 2015-12-02 01:27:46
Yep, people will not mine at a loss and developers have to eat so they are going to work for someone.
@_date: 2015-12-08 23:39:44
You opposed Coin Center just setting up the committee, not any specific action they were taking.  Further, I said EFF is not in a position to discuss Bitcoin issues as they are just poking their heads in without much knowledge in order to get more members.  This was evidenced when they got involved with Kaminsky and the claimed that proof of work would be gone by the end of 2014.  Coin Center is much more qualified.  as for you, I have seen your posts and you are completely ignorant about these issues and you don't know enough to be able to evaluate any positions held by EFF or anyone else for that matter.  I have been around EFF lobbyists for years and testified at some of the Internet privacy hearings around 1999-2005 time frame at places like the FTC.  It is a complicated lobbying system for which you have no experience.  My experience is limited but I can tell Jerry Brito knows what he is talking about and you do not.
The way you present your extreme opinion people will absolutely link your opinions to Bitcoiners the way you do it.   Your opinions are not just something people disagree with, they are extremely offensive to most reasonable people.  You would not have your business or the life that you have except for all the people you hate and call murderers.  I also see how people like you and Ver constantly lie about your agenda and act like martyrs with a bunch of phony stories.  the worst was way he used Ross's Mother at the worst time in her life so he could promote his agenda.  You guys are sick. 
@_date: 2015-12-11 20:45:29
Liquidity and volatility are different things.  Also, something like the Bear Whale cannot be measured in just the % of trades because they could crash the market and cause other people to sell off.  In any case 8, 16, or 32 Million to disrupt the market is still way too small to reduce the risk substantially.  More people need to use Bitcoin to make it viable as a store of value.
@_date: 2015-12-07 16:19:52
Pieter Wuille is one of the best people in Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2015-12-10 17:21:03
This is a Bitcoin discussion.  Your wing nut crap is off topic.
@_date: 2015-12-08 18:56:44
Your political agenda is off topic for a Bitcoin discussion.
@_date: 2015-12-01 22:46:27
Yes, the funds would probably be moved rather quickly if stolen so I suspect some kind of story like that.
@_date: 2015-12-14 01:09:48
What are you saying?  Banking should be a process where unshaven gamers lose everyone's funds due to incompetence and still get rich?  Is that how it should work?  lol
@_date: 2015-12-14 00:54:57
The Reddit weirdo is following me around again.  You can't seem to explain yourself.  perhaps the real reason is that you are a moron?
@_date: 2015-12-13 00:46:16
The point is that extremist wing nuts on both sides should not be listened to.  They are both uncool.  I don't know how you conclude I am defending him when I say he is distorting things to sell books.  Maybe you are mad that I don't support Bitcoin extremism so I must be a "statist shill."  lol
@_date: 2015-12-09 00:24:46
Someone had a web page with links to all the satoshi claims.  It was very detailed.  I can't seem to find it.  Anyone know where it is?
@_date: 2015-12-19 20:34:09
How much have you purchased with Bitcoin within the past week?
@_date: 2015-12-08 04:20:13
I think it would be good if they did things to promote Bitcoin like help merchants, new users, make videos, etc.  I think they should shed people like Bruce Fenton who have an agenda that will be offensive to many people who simply want to get involved in the technology.  They should leave all the government and regulatory issues to Coin Center.
@_date: 2015-12-11 15:20:34
Not always, but sometimes the most negatively voted comments are the best ones.  Is there a reverse sorting feature anywhere?
@_date: 2015-12-12 21:59:34
Bitcoin has been hacked several times so don't keep repeating nonsense like that.  The Foundation has a Chief Scientist who can explain things to you and that HGistory of Bitcoin site has some of the more prominent hacks listed.  You can say the crypto has never been broken.  Besides, the developers "hack" Bitcoin on every release by putting in "checkpoints."  Not that it is necessarily bad in the way that it is done but it is a hack that circumvents proof of work.
@_date: 2015-06-11 15:06:59
Not sure what you mean by more than one matrix.  It can be complicated to list and define the risks and related mitigations but you end up with one risk matrix.
@_date: 2015-12-19 20:17:33
Yes, it has nothing to do with Bitcoin and it looks like it was written from some person who listens to Alex Jones all day.  lol  It has a negative rating one place and 2 other places it is 2-4 upvotes.  Only here is some off-topic wing nut post get hundreds of votes.  This is why mass adoption is so slow, people don't want to be associated with this stuff.  The people that do are already involved with Bitcoin so these circle jerk posts are zero-growth industry as far as Bitcoin is concerned.   ... So how much have spent in Bitcoin in the last week?
@_date: 2015-12-04 01:50:41
That is probably because they didn't become money transmitters in CA.  I have a Kraken account that has those same restrictions for NJ.  However, I can use others like Coinbase and Circle because they are registered as transmitters for my State.
@_date: 2015-12-13 12:17:27


Actually Matt Corallo recently said at a talk that only about 4 people have completely audited the software.  The notion that large numbers of qualified people are looking at this is a myth.  they have done a pretty good job for the most part but the resources are not there to do extensive testing and reviews.  the March 2013 fork happened because of this lack of resources for testing.
@_date: 2015-12-14 00:59:20
What are my narrow-minded views that make me a wing nut?  Do you understand the definition?
@_date: 2015-12-21 22:34:55
The people at Brave New Coin are promoting a political agenda and they always twist their facts to fit their agenda.
@_date: 2015-12-12 23:27:06
in a way, yes.  He is selling books and he is making money by stirring up controversy so he focuses on arguing against the extremist stuff and he never really touches the middle ground.  It gets some Bitcoiners to foam at the mouth and that is what he wants.  The discussions are like Rush Limbaugh and Al Gore arguing about global warming.    
@_date: 2015-06-07 19:48:34
The only thing with a high level of decentralization in Bitcoin is the consensus of the ledger and that is done by a slow and expensive process called mining and it is only decentralized if you accept that the mining is working as intended (Bitcoin is only a partial solution to the Byzantine General's problem).
The claims that other parts of Bitcoin are decentralized are mostly without merit.  For instance, some people claim that "open source" is "decentralized" because people can fork it yet about 5 people control the repository.  The Bitcoin Foundation education committee claimed at one point they were "decentralized" because people can provide input.  Other have claimed Reddit is "decentralized" because of the voting system.  
Another problem is that many enthusiasts don't understand how the decentralization in mining works.  I often hear people say how Bitcoin can have instantaneous transaction confirmation by some technical trick.  Other, such as Brock Pierce, try to claim that currencies backed by a commodity are somehow like Bitcoin and decentralized (of course some entity controls the assets).  Now many in the banking industry think they can run a blockchain like Bitcoin but without the decentralized mining.  Many of them say the Blockchain technology is "faster" when, in fact, it is slower because you have to wait for the network to come to a consensus.  
Several advocates claim Bitcoin is "faster" and "cheaper" than non-decentralized systems but that is not the case.  You are trading speed and cost to achieve decentralization.  (Some of these arguments are convoluted as they talk about settlement times and chargebacks but the real comparison of speed is running a centralized database as compared to running a decentralized blockchain).  
@_date: 2015-12-19 18:54:40


@_date: 2015-12-01 21:37:57
Unfortunately zero-confirmations and decentralization are essentially incompatible.  It takes time for the network to achieve a consensus and there is no way around that unless you place trust in another entity in some way. 
@_date: 2015-06-08 23:01:35
I didn't mean altcoins, I mean the financial systems people use today.  Crypto is a tiny market that essentially rounds to zero at the moment.
@_date: 2015-12-19 21:20:57
What are your credentials?
@_date: 2017-12-28 17:29:06
The name of the attack is 51%.  The fact that you can do it means the byzantine general problem is not fully solved.  As for other coins some certainly are viable and are used all the time.  not sure what you mean by "viable contenders" but the notion that there will be one and only crypto has no real basis in fact other than some people wan it to be that way.  Most likely people will migrate to different systems depending on their needs and those systems will coexist. 
@_date: 2015-12-08 01:19:14
They have all done good work in their technical areas.  Pieter seems to handle things a bit different from those 3 guys you mentioned and he is one of the people where I accept his word without question.
@_date: 2015-06-08 23:09:52
You can choose between Microsoft and Apple but that does not make them decentralized.
@_date: 2015-12-12 22:33:46
The only things he argues against is the extremists viewpoints that claims Bitcoin will replace the entire financial structure.  Then you have a bunch of extremist Bitcoiners making fun of him without adding anything to the discussion.  it makes the whole thing look silly to an outsider.
Neither side discusses the more reasonable possibility that Bitcoin will be one of many financial instruments and the benefits of having Bitcoin as another choice is never really discussed.  
@_date: 2015-12-12 15:03:28
The plan for the meeting was to present ideas with the hope of coming to a better consensus in the near future.  Some additional ideas were presented and those are being discussed and it appears some developers are working towards a better consensus.
@_date: 2015-12-09 17:12:22
Yeah, Milly Bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-06-15 21:49:28
The domain is fine it is the people who own and mange it that is the problem.
@_date: 2015-06-16 00:47:01
I don't think the odds are that good.
@_date: 2015-06-15 23:04:14
If it gets sold at some point.  in any case with Theymos involved we may never know the truth since you have to depend on statements by him.
@_date: 2015-06-08 12:17:53
Yes, and if you can't get all the merchants, miners and users to switch you have an altcoin or a testnet.  Just saying "anyone can fork it" is not really saying anything.
@_date: 2015-12-19 19:11:55
You can use an argument like that to post anything here.  You are just promoting a circle jerk for ignorant people.
@_date: 2015-12-19 20:37:18
I commented in the space that allows comments.  
@_date: 2015-12-19 18:20:14
The issue is not Bitcoin.  It was some Bitcoiner commenting on a tweet from Andreas that was not about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-09 23:11:59


@_date: 2015-06-05 16:13:31
Since Bitcoin is both a currency and a payment system the analysis is very complex.  You have banking costs, secret service agents running down counterfeiters, and on and on.  I suspect Bitcoin might be better but I certainly don't know that since the calculation is so complex that it has not been done.
@_date: 2015-06-11 15:21:34
If that were true then sales tax would be due.
@_date: 2015-12-06 16:51:56
"you believe."  Like you don't know the whole story? lol Your cultism is showing!
@_date: 2015-12-11 11:18:12
No, Bitcoin does not use encryption at all.  Bitcoin uses cryptography.  People can use encryption to protect all kinds of data so it has nothing to do specifically with Bitcoin. people use computers for Bitcoin but that does not mean you start a bunch of threads about the newest computer. 
@_date: 2017-12-26 17:10:28
there is a difference between using Bitcoin for some political agenda and saying it is inherently political.  When the telecope was invented it challenged the religious agenda of its time.  the telescope is not inherently political and that is the mistake many Bitcoiners make.  People like AA, Vorhees, Lopp, Ver, etc. etc. are all Bitcoin's versions of politicians and they use (sometimes distort) Bitcoin when it doesn't fit in with their agenda.  they talk to the crowd because their main task is to promote their agenda (or themselves) and not Bitcoin.  Bitcoin is a technical solution, so there really is no "pro" or "anti" bitcoin agendas in my mind.  if someone points out an actual flaw in Bitcoin they are labeled as "anti-Bitcoin" which I find as ridiculous as saying someone who uses a telescope is guilty of heresy.
@_date: 2015-12-22 14:34:25
I see you posting here all the time.  Have you even taken the time to see how factom works?  Did you even bother to read the other comments in this thread that explain how it works?  The data is not stored in the Blockchain, a hash of the data is stored there.  A centralized company maintains the data so the whole issue has nothing to do with hacking databases because that private entity is still going to have the database.  I suggest you take a breather from posting and take the time to understand how these things work.
@_date: 2015-12-11 14:16:03
I know the difference between Bitcoin and encryption and I got my computer science degree before you were born.  If you want to be productive stop making Bitcoiners look ridiculous and worry about your business instead of trying to get money from the taxpayers.  I hope they countersue you and make you pay for the money you are wasting.
@_date: 2015-12-13 12:22:45
performing as an investment, not performing as a currency.
@_date: 2015-12-11 20:21:32
Something volatile is not a good store of value.  It can easily be debased such as by some "BearWhale" with $8 Million which is maybe a deposit on a high-end Manhattan condo.  Maybe in the future but right now it is not a good store of value.
@_date: 2015-12-16 22:17:22
Great.  Do you think you can deliver the Bitcoin Mug I ordered on Bitcoin black Friday?  It is almost 3 weeks.
@_date: 2015-12-08 17:11:08
That is true.  The investigation papers were posted online and they indicated he had no involvement in anything like that.
Of course you make claims that I support Ben Lawsky because I don't agree with the wing nut stuff you post all over the Internet.  It is not as bad as wrongly accusing someone of being a child molester but you put out the same sort of false information as way of trying to advance your agenda.
@_date: 2015-12-18 23:23:47
That's nice but this is a Bitcoin discussion.
@_date: 2015-12-01 21:11:55
You are using Bitcoin Core wallet?  Did you make any transactions on Nov 11?
@_date: 2015-12-22 14:51:21
As pointed out in the comments at Github, and email of a few paragraphs is not a "roadmap."  A roadmap is part of a systems engineering process that requires a series of documents that includes standard definitions, risk analysis, test plans, alternatives, etc.  It would take many months and quite a bit of work from many experts to come up with road map for Bitcoin development.  Calling that email a "roadmap" is just political posturing.
@_date: 2015-12-01 16:47:20
Yes, but they may ban you if you buy things that may be questionable and I believe they don't allow gambling.  They may track via the blockchain and ban you if you buy things like fake ID's or use gambling sites.  Since they are an exchange they are covered by all these money laundering laws so they have to do that stuff or face fines and penalties.  I buy regular consumer goods all the time and I have never had a problem but I see people on here complaining about being banned.
@_date: 2015-06-08 12:22:54
probably, but not guaranteed.
@_date: 2015-06-08 22:38:12
That kind of argument assumes there are not other choices other than Bitcoin.  If Bitcoin forks the free market may decide Bitcoin is no good.
@_date: 2015-12-19 15:50:35
That's nice but this is a Bitcoin discussion
@_date: 2015-12-14 01:17:29
In other words you don't know the definition.  Wing nut refers to extreme positions that most people will never agree with.  Given the lack of substance to anything you post I assume you are a teenager who doesn't know anything.
@_date: 2015-06-11 15:24:23
No, it is not the same thing because you are not collecting sales tax.  Protesting draconian regulation is fine but going around spouting nonsense in the name of Bitcoin isn't going to help anything.
@_date: 2015-12-13 01:42:03
To quote one your posts:  "Bitcoin will destroy wars."  lol.  You are the definition of a Bitcoin fundamentalist.  You are no different than religious fundamentalists who have some wacko religious agenda.  
@_date: 2015-06-11 15:58:56
You keep saying it is the same thing as selling a product.  It is not the same because you would have to collect sales tax.  "Custodian of funds" is a different issue.  In any case, Sharpie, the only thing you are doing here is trying to promote yourself and, as usual, it is at the expense of facts.  
@_date: 2015-06-05 12:04:11
Will you please stop saying the blockchain does not store data and is not a database?  Recording transactions is "data" and that data is stored in a "database."  Additional fields were added specifically to store more "data."  As you point out later in your paragraph "the data is coloured ..." so it is data.
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:53:07
Hobo nickels use the same technology so do they have "intrinsic value" as well?  lol
@_date: 2015-06-09 11:07:39
When I see complicated technical issues being boiled down to tweets it is usually someone looking for attention or to increase their twitter followers rather than to address any substantial issue.
@_date: 2015-12-14 04:03:19
Yes.  AML applies to anything of value so one Bitcoin address --&gt; changetip --&gt; another Bitcoin address.  In this case it is OFAC list so changetip &lt;--&gt; OPFAC customer is illegal.  (To the mouth foamers: I am not saying I approve or disapprove, just explaining how it works).
@_date: 2017-12-17 06:25:36
I have no clue what you are talking about.  Early adopters know how to convert Bitcoin to cash.  the question is why do you need decentralization to buy a cup of coffee?
@_date: 2015-12-07 19:09:33
That Bitcoin is "unstoppable" and that banks and governments are all worried and plotting against Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2015-06-11 16:18:46
You are such a scammer/idiot.  I already explained to you that  "custodian of customer funds" is a different issue.  Amazon collects sales tax where the law requires because they are selling products and not exchanging funds.  This has been discussed many times as it relates to Bitcoin by people who know what they are talking about.  Why don't you hook up with them so they can explain it to you?
@_date: 2015-12-01 21:00:37
I thought only "statists" support government actions of this type?  
@_date: 2015-12-05 12:57:58
That describes many Bitcoiners too.  The guy who posted this thread is a great example of it.
@_date: 2015-12-02 01:12:16
Yes, many centralized systems work well or at least good enough for practical use.  What this proposed change will do to zero confirmation is still somewhat unclear to me.  The developers put this through without really properly identifying the risks of making these changes.  much of the discussions centers around what has happened in the past rather than what would happen should an attack vector be profitable.  In any case it is a complicated issue and the current zero-confirmations systems are really 'hacks.'  maybe new 'hacks' are needed but in any case I would agree that more time is needed to understand and not break current systems.
@_date: 2015-12-10 17:48:09
You post that off topic crap here over and over to try to get attention.  Take it to a forum that discusses those issues.  This thread is about a Bitcoin transaction.
@_date: 2015-06-15 23:09:03
I find this rather interesting since it is often claimed that the software development is "decentralized" because anyone can fork the code.  Now that people want to fork the code they are accused of crippling the system.
@_date: 2015-12-19 18:57:54
Yes, you brought up bitcoin as an example because Andreas made the tweet.  Classic circle jerk BS to try to shoehorn other issues into the Bitcoin subreddit.  If you want to discuss this stuff take it to the proper place instead of trying to use Bitcoin to gain attention for your cause.
@_date: 2015-06-10 01:54:20
You can run into weird problems, delays, limits, etc. so I have both.
@_date: 2015-06-11 18:51:20
The term "tolling" is primarily used by teenagers when they don't agree with someone.  ShapeShift has Vorhees touting their product so for that reason I would not trust them.  There are a number of angry customers from his prior ventures which is pretty well known.  I don't believe he sold Satoshi Dice, I think he just said that so he would not have to pay commissions to the people that funded his venture.
@_date: 2015-12-19 19:19:26
Yes, but it does it in an off-topic way.  He put Bitcoin in there because he is using Bitcoin to promote an agenda, not because the subject involved Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-12-13 14:02:13
What does putting info on the blockchain have to do with protecting private databases?
@_date: 2015-06-11 15:45:40
I was not advocating anything, I was just explain how it works.  Your response is the sign of being a wing nut as people cannot simply recite facts without you using it to promote your political agenda (which has nothing to do with Bitcoin).
@_date: 2015-12-19 19:37:40
It may be worth discussing in the proper forum which is not r/bitcoin.  
@_date: 2015-12-20 15:25:52
that makes no sense just like the article.
@_date: 2015-06-05 23:25:12
Of course proof of work is wasteful of energy.  The question is whether the decentralization is worth the cost and it has to compare to other financial instruments.  The reward gets halved and the transaction fees can only rise so much or people just won't use Bitcoin for many things.  Just waiving your hand and saying market forces will solve everything is treating bitcoin like a religion.
@_date: 2015-12-07 13:07:20
Theymos has a policy where scam advertisers cannot be censored because they pay Theymos yet he censors ideas that don't align with his views when he is not being paid.
@_date: 2015-12-12 17:59:32
None, but what is the point if someone can take away the main domain?
The domain name system is already decentralized to a certain extent.  Anyone can set up a root and anyone can change their DNS settings to point to that root.  Each root is centralized and most people choose the ICANN root but nobody can stop you from creating a different root and start registering domains.  It has been done in the past.  for instance, there was a ".biz" before the ICANN ".biz" that ran on a another root.
@_date: 2015-12-19 18:21:05
Yes, and this is an off-topic post for r/bitcoin
@_date: 2015-12-12 21:46:59
I see, that is interesting.  It is similar to what spammers do when they use botnets and fast-flux DNS.  That is where spammers use machines of botnets.  They send out spam and give links to the botnet machines.  That way many people see the same ad but it really appears on many different machines all with different URL's.
@_date: 2015-12-11 11:29:33
Poorly constructed advocacy does not get any results.  
@_date: 2015-12-19 21:13:39
The Reddit weirdo is following me around again. In other words you don't actually use Bitcoin, you just make posts all day on how Bitcoin will take over the world.  I am sure your Reddit posts will push Bitcoin over the top even if you don't actually use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-12-19 19:32:39
If you don't know the definition then you shouldn't be posting anything at all.  All you are doing is reposting all this agenda-pushing BS and pushing many people away from Bitcoin.  If you talk to random people one of the biggest complaints is all this agenda-pushing stuff they get when they ask about Bitcoin.  Of course I am sure you complain when the media links Bitcoin to all this stuff.  lol
@_date: 2015-06-09 11:04:32
There is no built in incentive for the Bitcoin developers other than the appreciation of the coins they hold or payments (or potential payments) from those that want to influence development.  That situation should be expected in Bitcoin just like it should be expected that some will try to affect the exchange rate.  the notion that it will be all volunteers working for some greater good is not realistic.
@_date: 2015-06-11 15:33:59
When you go into a jurisdiction and serve customers you normally agree to abide by their laws.  Maybe they can't arrest you if you are outside the jurisdiction but they do other things such as seize funds.  This is true generally throughout the world, not just NY or USA.
@_date: 2015-06-11 17:13:13
I only buy from places that have a reputation for credibility.
@_date: 2015-12-14 03:17:14
True, but they make up for it by not washing their hair.
@_date: 2017-12-16 16:07:49
I wonder what Mark E. Smith thinks of Bitcoin? 
@_date: 2015-12-02 02:15:02
All mining equipment would be instantly junk and the difficulty would need to be adjusted or no blocks would be found.
@_date: 2015-12-13 18:02:37
No, it is not some conspiracy.  It is because most of transactions are with exchanges.  
@_date: 2015-12-13 16:36:47
Try [these guys](  they seem to know all about Discus Fish.
@_date: 2015-06-11 15:05:13
I am familiar with that.  It is a start but it is not at the level needed to decide on changes to the core client.  Also, it should be a living document and combined with other documents to do a systems engineering process.  
@_date: 2015-12-19 21:31:57
You accused me of being a troll before I raised those issues.  The financial system has issues as it always has but it is not "collapsing."  Only wing nuts take that extreme position and only kooks go around saying everything is collapsing.  even if it were Bitcoin is not going to fix human nature.  It is ridiculous to go around claiming Bitcoin will collapse the banks when many merchants are actually discontinuing accepting Bitcoin.  Since I set up BitcoinFood about one third of merchants have stopped accepting Bitcoin!  So all these flakes making hundreds and hundreds of posts of how Bitcoin is going to take over the world cannot even support a guy selling home made sauerkraut.  
@_date: 2015-06-10 22:21:14
Bitcoin needs a [risk matrix.](  
@_date: 2015-06-05 16:15:17
These things are all issues because they will be compared to the costs of other financial instruments.  
@_date: 2015-06-11 16:15:54
Rutgers University
@_date: 2015-06-11 15:36:42
You sound like you understand completely.
@_date: 2015-06-02 16:23:13
You are correct.  General discussions about personal liberty fit somewhere else.  Some people keep posting that stuff here a way of using Bitcoin to gain attention and those people often misrepresent Bitcoin because they are promoting something other than Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-12-11 10:46:52
Bitcoin does not use encryption an your post is off-topic.  You are trying to use Bitcoin to gain attention to your cause and, in the process, you make Bitcoiners look ridiculous.
For those that don't know, this guy is suing the State of NY claiming a loss of $1 Billion dollars.  So if the NY taxpayers pay this guy $1 Billion I guess everything will be OK.  
@_date: 2015-06-15 23:58:42
So are you saying the software development is or is not "decentralized"?
@_date: 2015-12-10 04:02:00
I see you are the guy behind bitmugs.com.  When am I going to receive my order from 2 weeks ago?
@_date: 2015-12-02 02:11:22
Business registration could be seen as punishing honest people just like KYC laws punish businesses who don't engage in crimes.  There is no difference, some Bitcoiners just want to pick and choose when it is convenient.
@_date: 2015-12-13 12:20:36
If more people use it like a currency and start buying cups of coffee with it the IRS has left open the possibility that the characterization will change.  In fact if your circumstances are that you are using it as a currency rather than property then you can make your case now.  there is a phone number on the IRS notice to the attorney that handles it and I have spoken with her before.  Just call and ask if you have specific questions.  
@_date: 2015-06-05 16:10:42
If you do not have these types of concerns then you don't understand Bitcoin irrespective of how long you have been involved.  Only people who treat Bitcoin like a religion just waive their hand and say these things are not issues.
@_date: 2015-12-05 13:11:47
I don't know what your comments mean.  However, you are one of the most ignorant cultists in Bitcoin and you were one of the first people I ignored at Bitcointalk when I first got involved.  You treat Bitcoin as a religion and your web site speaks for itself.  All you do is promote ignorance and it is embarrassing to be associated with people like you just because I got involved with Bitcoin.  Your nonsense fuels many critics like Buttcoiners.  The funny thing is you think you are promoting Bitcoin when all you do is make it look ridiculous.   
Your thread here is a good examples.  It was just an obvious comment but your are "floored."  If I made the same comment would you be 'floored" then?  Or is it only when your "religious" leaders say it? 
@_date: 2015-12-07 13:04:25
Says the person who posts off topic stuff like: "Youre nine times more likely to be killed by a police officer than a terrorist." and "So... why do we need police officers again?"  lol.  this is a Bitcoin subreddit.  You post all this off-topic crap here just to try to get attention for your fantasy agenda.  
@_date: 2015-06-05 16:23:21
trademarks and patents are completely different things
@_date: 2015-06-14 10:20:58
Also, another certification system at 
@_date: 2015-12-11 14:01:03
It is a complicated interaction that cannot be described in a meme.  
@_date: 2015-12-06 18:48:53
His positions seemed to have evolved/changed over the years.  He has become more of a political entity and he uses twitter and Reddit as political tools which is why you see the hyperbolic postings.  He has interviews on let's Talk Bitcoin from back in 2013/14 that you can listen to which are much more interesting than the stuff he does now.
@_date: 2015-12-20 00:54:08
Verifying data using the blockchain has nothing to do with protecting it from disclosure.  That was also true a few days ago when almost the exact same article was published by Brave New Coin.  Neither article explains the connection between those 2 ideas.
@_date: 2015-06-11 19:05:53
Right, and some nut job cultist spouting misinformation is going to solve that problem?  Think again.  This has nothing to do with what Lawsky did or said (he set up draconian regs so he could make money in his post-government law career).  It is about poorly constructed arguments that will do nothing to fix the problem.  By cultist I am talking about Vorhees and the people who follow him and agree with his nonsense.  If you want to hear about Bitcoin and regulation talk to Jerry Brito as he discusses facts and is not promoting a fantasy agenda.
@_date: 2015-06-11 17:56:08
Yes, if you want to more check with Marco Santori who is one of the experts who has discussed this rather than listening to cultists who make stuff up.
@_date: 2015-06-10 04:31:54
I agree with [Jeff Garzik](


@_date: 2015-06-15 21:53:04
I assume it is someone who paid Theymos for a partial ownership of the domain. 
@_date: 2015-06-08 12:35:42
One reason is because the code has not been compartmentalized.  There is a set of Bitcoin consensus rules within the code (in addition to code that implements it which is operating system dependent).  If you change the consensus code it is either a soft or hard fork depending on whether it is backward compatible.
There has been discussion of separating out the consensus rules into a library that is OS independent but I am not sure where that stands.  There is more info about hard vs. soft forks on stackexhange and in vids from the Princeton U. class videos. Also look at the accidental fork in March of 2013 which is a rather complicated interaction between OS-dependent issues and the consensus rules.
@_date: 2015-06-08 14:58:48
Maybe so but that does not give it a high degree of decentralization as some people try to claim.  
@_date: 2014-01-11 02:49:26
I looked at it for about 30 seconds and I saw he did not post a case number and he claimed he had some order from a judge "allowing him to sue" but did not post the judge's order.  That doesn't make sense so I didn't read any further.
@_date: 2014-09-05 03:09:30
The blockchain itself, no.  The Bitcoin blockchain needs to me "mined" to have a decentralized consensus and if Bitcoin dies people won't mine it.  The technology can be used but you have to have some mechanism to have a decentralized consensus and security such as the Bitcoin "Proof of work" combined with cryptography for verification.
@_date: 2014-10-29 23:54:00
I don't really know what happens behind the scenes concerning things like Gavin, bitcoin.org, and github but my impression is that the Foundation influences all those things to a certain extent.  
@_date: 2014-12-07 04:17:45
The people who run bitcoin.org mostly work the foundation.  Now Theymos is claiming the Foundation is paying Saviann directly rather than just paying the site.  Any reasonable person who looks at the situation would believe the Foundation is effectively running the site. 
@_date: 2014-11-13 05:11:17
When I signed up with Coinbase they asked me questions based on information taken from my credit report.  It was not possible to do this without obtaining info from a third party.  As for specific transactions I don't know what happens except I see huge numbers of complaints about this.  It does not sound credible that no outside info is used and it is pretty clear that Coinbase is not following the FCRA based on all the complaints I have seen about account verifications. 
@_date: 2014-10-22 02:57:05
His unmoved coins creates a risk for newcomers because nobody knows what will happen to them and now if they move it is unclear what the reaction will be.
@_date: 2014-09-10 16:20:22
For each seller you need a willing buyer.  Why would an investors/users care about miner's expenses to the point of matching their expenses?  There is a loose correlation but not a direct one that I see.
@_date: 2014-12-08 21:31:21
More about this company:   
@_date: 2014-10-16 01:51:41
They add checkpoints but those are a couple months behind.  I don't think there is anything else from stopping that from happening.
@_date: 2014-12-12 23:45:28
They still have it.  That applies to the Bitcoin currency and is not a branding some unrelated product.  The arguments to challenge that are completely different than someone trying to brand Bitcoin for barware.
@_date: 2014-10-15 00:49:07
here is a video tutorial 
@_date: 2014-10-02 14:59:38
He is promoting his book so he can't make it sound as boring as it really is.  It is slow growth of a new currency which is expected.
@_date: 2014-11-18 13:19:12
You can attach data to the Blockchain in several different ways.  However, you must depend on some other service to maintain the documents related to the limited data stored in the blockchain and you can merely prove the existence of the document at some point in the future.  If that service goes away (or you don't have a copy yourself) everything is lost.  
The developers are trying to standardize the way data gets attached to a transaction (see  so these types of services can be built on the Bitcoin blockchain.  The next step is to attach data to a transaction which is "pegged" to some outside service.  This is what things like Colored Coins, Mastercoin and Counterparty try to do.  They have a system that sits on top of Bitcoin and they use the Blockchain as the basis for moving other assets they created.  The assets are moved based on a Bitcoin transactions that are linked to assets created within these systems.  
The terms "contract" in the context of Bitcoin or these add-on serves usually means a script that does something based on events that happen on the blockchain. 
The amount of Bitcoin in the transaction does not matter as far as the data fields are concerned so 1 Satoshi is enough (unless your transaction involved a payment of Bitcoin but as far as the data is concerned it does not matter) 
@_date: 2014-10-14 22:01:26
He also talked about Mt. Gox and those complaints came from Bitcoin users.
@_date: 2014-05-24 14:29:09
I am shutting down today the next block Slush finds.  I have 5 Avalon 1st generation running in my spare bedroom.  I am now unprofitable, the rates goes up June 1, and it is getting hot.  I was able to get the [favorable FinCEN ruling]( for Bitcoin miners.
@_date: 2014-09-10 15:36:21
It means miners can no longer pay the bills and they will have to turn off equipment unless the exchange rate is much higher.  
@_date: 2014-09-09 01:43:11
All the nodes check it as it propagates or they won't propagate it.  That is one of the requirements of POW is that it must be hard to solve but easy to verify.
@_date: 2014-09-14 02:40:54
I assume that means Obelisk is updated every time Bitcoin Core is updated?
@_date: 2014-11-16 13:04:20
What should the Foundation do about all these things that keep happening?  
@_date: 2014-10-11 22:34:48
bitmonet.com is one
@_date: 2014-10-21 00:30:33
if you want to bind someone to a contract you have to get the person to actively do something like check a box.  Posting a "terms of service" or saying "if you click this button ..." are no good because you cannot prove someone saw the notice.  See "browser wrap" vs. "Click wrap"
@_date: 2017-12-28 02:43:39
I don't see any big change about who is coming out against it, it has always been that way.  Options trading has been available on and off over the past couple years so that is not really new.   It has gone up quite fast so it is possible to have a quick reduction but there are still a lot of people buying in who don't really understand it.
@_date: 2014-12-03 22:35:35
I thought the same thing.  I registered BitcoinHeater.com last year.  Let me know when I can start selling some ...   
@_date: 2014-10-14 11:24:44
I would say that I am disappointed over the affiliate program.  I signed up large numbers of users and only a tiny fraction completed the requirements.  For the ones who did complete the $100 buy/sell I was only paid about half the time.  It took several contacts with customers service over about 8 months to get paid.  I often saw Coinbase courting people like Snoop Dog while, at the same time, I could not get my support questions answered.
Is Coinbase going to support the affiliate program?
@_date: 2014-10-14 01:29:03
One thing I do know is that you are a "wing nut."
@_date: 2014-10-15 20:24:13
There is also p2sh that allows some programming of the transactions so you could have a mix.
@_date: 2014-09-20 15:08:34
not exactly a tutorial but some info is here 
@_date: 2014-10-16 22:37:01
You got it right by putting in that "if" part.  Regulators are a reflection of the society that votes them in.
@_date: 2014-09-24 02:19:46
It is not a matter of "fault," I am just explaining how things work.  If a bunch of Bitcoin users complain to regulators then you can expect proposed regulation about Bitcoin.  Not sure what you expect.
@_date: 2014-10-20 15:25:43
Yes.  When the Foundation or the Bitcoin.org site claims to be "official" or represent anyone others than themselves I take issue with that.  
@_date: 2014-10-08 14:07:36
Contact them and do what?  
@_date: 2014-12-07 04:12:29
No, the owner is the listed owner in the whois.  They may have a contractual agreement with the owner but the listed owner is the owner and that is the entity that gets sued.  
@_date: 2014-10-16 01:28:36
Your parents can send you funds instantly.  That is one of the use cases I put in my video 
@_date: 2014-10-24 23:32:32
My strategy would be eliminate the current Foundation due to all the baggage and the activities of the Chairman and many founding members.  Start a new Foundation and transfer these functions to CoinCenter and Jerry Brito because he is not linked to the current Foundation and he is the best person for the job from my point of view.
@_date: 2014-10-17 01:36:22
In other words you don't have any rational argument so you resort to hyperbole.  
@_date: 2014-09-11 23:46:27
They need people with experience in running financial businesses so it will be good if they can bring in people who have experience in financial businesses outside of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-15 19:36:51
If your wallet has a nickname they have just typed in the nickname and you get an email like that.
@_date: 2014-12-06 22:25:52
Believe it or not the world is much larger than your IRC group.
@_date: 2014-10-31 17:25:26
The info was obtained through the Freedom of Information Act.
@_date: 2014-10-25 04:32:02
It could happen again.  It was caused because a new patch came out and some OS's treated databases differently in some cases.  It probably could have been caught if there were extensive resources for testing updates.  It resolved within a couple hours and most people did not know about it until it was over.  I saw it about an hour into it and it turned out to be a great buying opportunity.  I assume you mean the March 2013 fork and not the normal forks that happen every day.
@_date: 2014-11-15 09:41:11
This is turning out like most other things Theymos is involved with such as GLBSE and running BFL ads.  
@_date: 2014-11-12 15:47:37
Bitcoin Foundation released this report
Not sure who worked on it or what they are doing to continue the work.
@_date: 2014-11-09 22:28:16


@_date: 2014-10-20 21:22:03
The arguments are that it was a rented server in Iceland under the control of someone else so they didn't need a warrant.  There are several complicated legal issues there such as third party doctrine and assets outside the US borders.  
@_date: 2014-10-29 01:57:35
They already have all the money transmitter licenses.
@_date: 2014-09-13 12:17:18
The transaction fee is based on the amount of data so that may have some issues.  When people use some of the free faucets they get upset because sometimes the transaction fee to spend is more than what they got from the faucet.
@_date: 2014-11-12 16:58:11
They are just doing the first step which is identifying the risks in the context of the whole system.  
@_date: 2014-10-10 11:18:40
How about we ask your bank to publish your financial statements?
@_date: 2014-10-27 22:24:40
It is "answered" when society accepts it and starts electing people who do those things.
@_date: 2014-10-09 23:42:35
Taxes are due 10/15 if you got an extension. 
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:42:32
Libertarians are fine, over-the-top cultists are the problem.  
@_date: 2014-12-20 17:17:51
There is a thread on here somewhere, I think an AMA with the head of Gyft.  I believe he said he had to get some type of license but it was not as complicated a Money Services Business.
@_date: 2014-10-16 22:35:52
You can't run a radio/TV station w/o a license and you have to pay a fee to register a domain name.  So, no, that is not valid argument.  It doesn't prevent someone from broadcasting a TX so you don't have linkage between the licensing requirements and stopping the speech which is broadcasting a transaction.
@_date: 2014-10-06 19:46:14
Sorry to disappoint you but Bitcoin is not going to end wars.
@_date: 2014-12-04 17:21:52
The reply will be that Bitcoin will collapse governments and end wars.  Sounds like pretty useless debate of 2 people who use Bitcoin to promote some agenda outside the scope of Bitcoin as a technology.
@_date: 2014-09-22 11:55:18
The question is unclear, password to what?  The encryption for the Armory wallet?  And "physical address" is also unclear.  Is that a Bitcoin address?  Why is it "physical."
@_date: 2014-11-14 22:02:26
These are 2 different things.  1449 is correct, when you go from a public key to a Bitcoin address you also do RIPEMD-160 (see  so it is safer to use addresses that have never spent funds.
jaimewarlock is talking about 2 transactions using the same address where the random number generator screwed up and used the same number.    
This random number exploit was also used to break into play station 3 
@_date: 2014-09-17 03:05:06
I don't why domains would be "handed over" to the Foundation and it seems once they are in bankruptcy they can't transfer things of value.  If it can be used to get domain names it has at least some value.
@_date: 2014-10-14 11:26:17
@_date: 2014-10-15 18:03:44
Great video.  I added it to bitcoin.me
@_date: 2014-01-05 18:44:25
Many people do not want the responsibility of being their own bank which is why many people use web wallets.
@_date: 2015-12-14 01:19:39
Except that is not the definition and I provide logical responses.  You have no explanation for your claims and all you do is follow me around and post one-liners that don't make sense.  What is your educational level?
@_date: 2015-12-19 21:42:39
i'm not reading all this.   bye.
@_date: 2014-10-16 21:39:59
More on free speech and software 
The BitLicense doesn't prohibit Bitcoin transaction so I am unclear of the free speech part of the argument. 
@_date: 2014-09-18 15:38:50
I believe the reason it can't do other sha256 tasks because mining does 2 rounds of sha256 and other things do 1 round.  Is this the case?
@_date: 2014-10-30 23:03:32
Coupled with Coibase's awful support I would never use their vault.
@_date: 2014-09-12 16:15:57
Sure they can.  This time there is not enough publicity so they won't send you a refund.
@_date: 2014-09-14 00:01:54
I just tipped him a beer on Twitter.  I used to know him when he was a bartender at City Gardens in NJ before he became a comedian.  
@_date: 2014-12-09 14:37:25
@_date: 2014-09-09 02:04:27
You can use Armory wallet and generate addresses offline.  Then take the public addresses and present a bitcoin link during your checkout.
@_date: 2014-11-07 00:07:33
If the email or text was sent through them they could do it fairly easily. 
@_date: 2014-09-15 14:23:47
Funds are still being sent there, I guess since the balance is high
@_date: 2014-09-23 22:17:07
Yes, the Foundation would never have said anything because they are entrenched with people who just looked the other way while this kind of stuff goes on.
@_date: 2014-10-02 12:45:55
My gold bar won't do it either!
@_date: 2014-12-13 13:44:28
I used an old laptop and I loaded Lubuntu which is a lighter version of the OS and Armory works fine.  You want to do a remote backup of the Armory wallet key in case your house burns down or floods.
@_date: 2014-01-06 18:26:58
I believe that is part of the 0.9 release
@_date: 2014-10-14 19:31:11
Maybe, but much of it has very little to do with Bitcoin.  While Bitcoin has many use cases, some of which may be beneficial to things he talks about, that is not what Bitcoin is.  
The many fake investment schemes include pirateat40, GLBSE, and many, many others that operate on bitcointalk.org.  Theymos calls them "virtual companies" or something similar.  the main thing they all have in common is that they end badly.  Mr. Vorhees' schemes ended much better than most but it still generated a number of complaints.
If Mr. Vorhees that political perspectives that is fine but Bitcoin is not political in itself.  The telescope had many political implications when it was developed but that does not mean it is political in itself.  Attaching Bitcoin to political causes most people don't go along with is just hurting the adoption and makes Bitcoin weaker. 
@_date: 2014-09-03 23:26:49
Bitcoin is simply a ledger of transactions that is shared via p2p (block chain).  Miners are solving math problems and when they solve one of the problems extra Bitcoins are created and added to their entry in the ledger (their Bitcoin address.)
@_date: 2014-01-01 14:12:12
I thought they used the algorithm:
@_date: 2014-11-11 14:34:23
Some entities or governments don't care about making a profit so it is an issue.  I don't think it will happen but it is still a risk.
@_date: 2014-10-26 15:18:06
We need the buy/sell people to stabilize the price so people can use it as a currency.
@_date: 2014-09-05 16:04:03
here is a vid from Matt Whitlock giving an ECC lesson a a Bitcoin conference  
@_date: 2014-12-05 23:03:31
No, nobody sends you anything when they make a transaction.  A Bitcoin transaction changes the blockchain ledger.  Your client reads the blockchain (or sees the transaction being broadcast) and calculates balances from that.  There is no way to prevent a person from doing a transaction and updating the blockchain and there is no way to "refuse" bitcoins sent to an address you control.
@_date: 2014-09-11 22:53:19
This is a legitimate question about who decides what does and what does not get published at bitcoin.org.  This question has been asked by many people and I have never seen a clear answer.  It is a simple question.  
@_date: 2014-12-08 21:36:34
They also have a TM on TULIP:  
@_date: 2014-09-26 00:03:34
The blockchain is a ledger shared by p2p.  When you make a transaction you change the ledger.  The recipient then sees the changes to the ledger.
@_date: 2014-10-04 13:45:17
The hash rate has been going down 
@_date: 2014-09-05 16:53:09
A UK lawyer wrote this:  
I just had a 3-min vid made to show some practical situations where Bitcoin is used 
@_date: 2014-10-14 18:31:39
You are using Bitcoin to promote your agenda.  You ran one of many fake investment schemes that generated complaints so now publicity-seeking politicians can promote the Bitlicense and get his name in the media.  All this "violation of ethical behavior" and "philosophical fight" is pure hyperbole.  
Bitcoin is a software program/protocol that has all sorts of use cases outside of your personal agenda.  Regulations that mandate the collection of personal information is done all the time with things like driver's license, taxes, and on and on.  Most people do not consider this "spying" or "a violation of the Constitution."  The NSA spying on phone calls, yes, but your position is so over the top that you have now made the whole issue sound ridiculous.
@_date: 2014-12-13 19:01:29
If they could predict what is in the chart why would they need donations?
@_date: 2014-12-18 14:00:10
It is on his linked in, it says he left there in April.  
@_date: 2014-12-25 06:17:45
Merry Christmas, listening to the [WPRB Christmas Marathon](
@_date: 2014-09-12 20:10:40
They could mine in secret and release the chain later and wipe out the transactions during the period of time they were ahead of the network which could be weeks or even months.  If all the transactions over the past 2 or 3 months were wiped out I think that may kill the exchange rate.  Not sure if it would recover from that or not.
@_date: 2014-10-29 14:04:03
If they did that then they have to tell you the reasons for the denial under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.  
@_date: 2014-12-05 21:10:49
You can attempt to contribute anyway. 
@_date: 2014-11-14 23:28:14
This is the kind of thing that makes Bitcoin look ridiculous.  This is about people using Bitcoin to promote their agenda.
@_date: 2014-09-19 11:52:40
Yes, but it is also a single point of recovery.  You back it up without identifying it as a Bitcoin wallet backup so it is just a list of words.
@_date: 2014-10-20 14:22:46
Not sure why there would be a choice like that.  Neither one should be listed as "official."
@_date: 2014-09-11 16:55:14
You can't tell.  Blockchain posts IP addresses but that is the IP address that they see it broadcast first.  that is based on the nodes they are connected to and they can't necessarily tell where it originated.
@_date: 2014-11-15 02:32:39
This guy does a good job:  


@_date: 2014-10-17 20:35:50
I believe Hurricane Electric regged that domain back in 2000.  they had registered thousands of domains for the purposes of resale.  Back then you could register a domain without paying and you were invoiced $70 for 2 years.  If you didn't pay the whole process of turning off the domain and re-releasing it took a couple months.  People would just churn these domains all the time by registering them, putting them up for sale, and only paying when a sale was made.  The company, Network Solutions, just started with a MySQL database to keep track and they got $70 a pop so they didn't care.
@_date: 2014-10-07 14:42:44
What is a "consensus based process"?
@_date: 2014-12-06 22:12:23
The titles are apparently controlled by the Bitcoin Foundation and Bitcoin.org claims it is controlled by the list of core developers.  It is a very small group of people.  Many are unprofessional and some do things without any kind on clear consensus.  They often rush things through so they don't have to bother with getting a consensus.  
@_date: 2014-09-21 04:12:38
You need to update your merchant profile with a callback URL for the Bitcoin checkout to work.  I sent an email.
@_date: 2014-12-07 04:14:28
No reputable business uses whois privacy.  You don't have to use your home address but normal businesses are registered anyway so there is usually no issue with listing an address.  The whois privacy services are not reliable for hiding your info anyway as they are not going to go out on a limb for someone paying a couple dollars a year.  
@_date: 2014-10-12 00:30:49
There is little benefit to the use case you provided.  Other use cases, like an overseas client, may be different.  You can't measure Bitcoin's success against the claims that it will be ubiquitous and replace all other financial tools.  It will be one of many tools available and good for certain use cases.  Plus, you get your payment instantly so you should give a discount for that over mailing a check.
@_date: 2014-10-31 19:20:09
How much to buy it?
@_date: 2014-12-05 21:09:56
They always tell us who is NOT involved but they never say who IS involved or how decisions are made.  
@_date: 2014-09-11 02:14:17
Do any of the certifications really enforce their ethics policy?
@_date: 2014-09-03 11:26:03
There is another company selling Bitcoin at BitQuick.COM.  I think it is a mistake to start a company using a .co domain, especially when there is a company doing the same thing at the .com.
@_date: 2014-10-14 19:49:17
those things are linked and Bitcoin may help achieve those goals but that is not what Bitcoin is.  
@_date: 2014-11-02 13:35:47
Ha, look at all the downvotes for the most sensible comment here.  
This is what happened with that Free State project.  I used to hear about it and I thought it was good thing.  Now that I got involved with Bitcoin I get to see it up close.  It is a bunch of people making nonsense statements and they sit around reinforcing each other because they shut out the rest of the world.  Then they leave there thinking they know everything and the rest of the world is stupid.  It is the same for people who sit around upvoting nonsense on Reddit.
@_date: 2014-11-07 20:42:44
Anyone can create as many Bitcoin addresses as they need, one for every transaction if needed.  Some exchanges reuse addresses and they sometimes use wallets as sort of a "main wallet" for their accounts.  However there is no way to know how many addresses they use and there is no list anywhere.  Some addresses have been identified as belonging to exchanges along the way but I don't know what good that would do since it is not a complete list.
Some have suggested exchanges make their addresses public as a way of auditing but you have all sorts of issues with that, including privacy of their customers.  
@_date: 2014-09-14 01:42:00
I am a backer of both those projects and I am in the book.  The documentary will be at the CBGB film festival next month.  
Jon was pretty much the way you see him on TV back when he was a bartender mopping up puke and working 3 jobs.
@_date: 2014-10-14 12:49:58
The only people that make that claim are people who have latched onto Bitcoin as way of promoting an agenda.
@_date: 2014-11-11 12:54:43
Dan Kaminsky predicted PoW would end last year:  
@_date: 2014-10-02 11:17:47
Yes I do.  There was a slight error by the Digital Commerce Assn. because they said the protocol was never hacked.  That was actually untrue as there were a few issues early on.
There is also a good discussion as to why different agencies define Bitcoin differently such as the IRS considering it property, FinCEN considering it a form a money, etc.
@_date: 2014-10-29 23:54:32
they also "sponsor" bitcoin.org.
@_date: 2014-11-30 16:06:32
This issue in the news now:  
.io is run by a UK company and uses the same WIPO dispute policy of other domains.  The new gTLD's (generic, not associated with a country) are run by different companies but they all have to agree to the dispute procedures at least as far as trademarks are concerned.  Domains can probably be seized through the company that runs them.  The ccTLD's (country code 2-letter domains) all have different rules and the governments of the country running the domains has some say (some have delegated to private companies like .io) so the legal issues are complicated.
The hosting location is a completely different issue, seizing a server and a domain are different things.  You can always reconfigure a domain to point to a different network if you still have control.
Maybe I am confused about namecoin but it only registers names.  Those names need domain records associated with them so that runs into some centralization issues when that function is performed.   
@_date: 2014-10-29 14:23:11
Possibly a cludflare issue?
@_date: 2014-12-18 13:33:03
That is well known.  It may have been in his bio when he ran for the Bitcoin Foundation Board, I forget now.  When the Solk road bust first happened Rassah was promoting the idea that people should hack into the FBI computers and teal the private keys because Rassah said the FBI doesn't know what they are doing and they probably have an intern managing the coins.  I thought is was rather surprising and irresponsible that a Maryland State employee was promoting such a thing.
@_date: 2014-09-29 22:39:50
It's really a complicated answer but it is not like buying a computer because there is no sales tax (even though the IRS advises to treat it like property).
@_date: 2014-11-14 00:39:32
Bitcoin is an experiment in decentralization.  the system you describe is centralized.  Anything that is backed by an asset is centralized since someone controls the asset.  It is not a bug, that is the main feature.
A Bitcoin mining problem has to be solved in a predictable amount of time (on average), the difficulty needs to be easily adjusted, the problem needs to be difficult to solve but easy to verify by all the nodes running who-knows-what, and the problem cannot be done "offline" so the problem has to depend on the last solved block.
@_date: 2014-10-14 13:52:38
If some Asian government that had chip manufacturers under their control wanted to destroy Bitcoin they could probably do it for something close to the $70M figure as a rough estimate.
@_date: 2014-10-14 20:17:52
Yes, unregistered investments are fake like the other fake companies and fake charities people set up on Bitcointalk.  The investors took a risk and still should own part of whatever you had (or have).  Whatever is being made now is being stolen from them.  It is just another corrupt financial system.
@_date: 2014-09-20 11:53:06
The main innovation in Bitcoin is the decentralization, not the verification provided by digital signatures.  There are many systems that use crypto for verification but the decentralized consensus is the big advancement.
@_date: 2014-10-13 22:57:14
Where are all these millions going and where is the money coming from?
@_date: 2014-09-18 23:04:47
Bitcoin merely gives you additional choices.  If you want to use Bitcoin and not touch the legacy financial system then you don't really need to worry about the regulation (except maybe taxes).  The regulation generally involves people and companies who choose to interact with other parts of the financial system.
@_date: 2014-11-04 15:10:26
The software is set up so the balances are protected by mathematical problems with no known solution and to change that you would have to get almost everyone to change the software they are running.
@_date: 2014-09-04 19:05:54
what do you mean "blockchain trademarked website"?
@_date: 2014-09-18 00:37:23
I am glad to see the donations are diversified among different foundations.  
@_date: 2014-12-06 22:20:33
No, that process is not anything close to a consensus.  Millions use the wallet and tiny group of mostly unstable people is not a consensus.  You are just trying to keep your inner circle intact.  You got that emergency alert key that you use as a badge of trust to try to justify spending $100K/month on a new discussion board.  You are part of a tiny group who sit around trying to justify each other's actions.  It is not reasonable to expect millions of people to trust this small group, especially after all the things that have happened.
@_date: 2014-10-16 20:31:11
You can't stop miners from polling since it is decentralized.  Most small miners would not get anything and a few now and then would hit the "lottery" so many would quit.
@_date: 2014-09-26 23:57:06
That would trigger Sales Tax.
@_date: 2014-09-24 04:53:21
Saying you will donate to charity was so they could try to sound legitimate and for advertising.
@_date: 2014-10-14 17:27:01
Don't forget that it will also end wars and cause governments to collapse.  Plus, all the corruption in the financial system will be washed away because people are using Bitcoin.  It is all proved because Satoshi attached a sentence in the genesis block.  
@_date: 2014-10-03 15:20:16
The point of mining is to avoid centralization so you don't need mining for centralized coins.
@_date: 2014-09-03 03:05:23
Don't mark your backups as a Bitcoin backup and they will have no idea what it is.
@_date: 2014-10-15 14:11:13
This is complicated legal advice you are asking for.  there are federal requirements and State requirements that are all complicated and not coordinated.  
@_date: 2014-10-16 10:48:34
Yes, I love the Bitcoin technology but I hate the people who try to use it to promote their agenda.  Once articles start talking about Libertarianism and Statists I just move on because whether they like it or hate it the articles are usually hyperbole and misrepresentations because they are arguing over their agendas, not the technology.
@_date: 2014-12-31 17:58:10
He is correct.  the cultists and mouth-foamers will downvote it but he absolutely correct.  Maybe Bitcoin can get past that since it is most popular and hopefully the coins will eventually get more widely distributed but most altcoins are exactly as described.  Satoshi's coins are a big risk to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-08-29 07:45:09
I am going through and fixing that now, thanks
@_date: 2014-10-29 13:32:06
it's "anarchy" I guess ...
@_date: 2014-12-09 18:32:22
I thought the Bitcoin PoW was only a partial solution to the Byzantine general Problem.  The Byzantine General problems has a fact and then transmits that fact.  In Bitcoin the miners create the fact and a 51% attack can be used to change the facts.  I thought a full solution does not have the possibility of a 51% attack?  Or am I confused?  Some people say Bitcoin is a solution to a modified BG problem or that it is a partial solution to the full problem.
@_date: 2014-09-12 22:56:50
By the time that would happen the exchange rate would be wiped out and there would be havoc.  I am not sure exactly what would happen but it is not some simple fix.  If it is so easy to change things then it is just as easy to change things like the 21 million limit. 
You can't tell people that Bitcoin cannot be changed when they ask about the 21 million limit and then say it can be changed easily if there is a 51% attack.
@_date: 2014-11-10 02:10:05
Bitcoin is a tiny speck of the economy and you cannot make generalizations with a sample size so small.  it is such a small amount that $8 million in trades is charachterized as a "whale."  That is maybe a down payment on a high end Manhattan condo.   
What you are doing is exaggerating Bitcoin because you have linked the success of Bitcoin to the success of your much wider agenda.  In the process you misrepresent things to hype up your "fan base" while you make Bitcoin look ridiculous to the outsiders with these hyped up proclamations.  Yes, there some indications that people who claimed Bitcoin is doomed due to "deflationary spiral" are wrong but you are just as bad with your claims that "Bitcoin has answered that question."
@_date: 2014-10-22 00:25:14
I think they may adapt and use Bitcoin.  They already have the regulatory infrastructure in place so they have a leg up over Bitcoin companies.
@_date: 2014-09-12 12:09:29
@_date: 2014-09-11 21:24:18
That is the place to submit issues, it does not say who makes the decisions as to what gets posted.  It is really a simple question.
@_date: 2014-10-17 01:34:04
I am just stating facts.  More hyperbolic nonsense.  
@_date: 2014-09-11 12:15:01
They give you more than one address so I think you can just transfer to one of those addresses and keep the funds in the same blockchain.info web account.
@_date: 2014-10-14 20:20:00
Nice thought experiment but it is not reality.  Attaching this stuff to Bitcoin just makes it weaker because it scares people away because they think everybody involved is looney.
@_date: 2014-10-17 23:04:47
Are you saying selling a ticket for a profit is not "legitimate?"  Why are ticket scalper "exploiting" anything?  If you offer a product to replace them isn't that "exploiting" a market as well?  I buy tix from scalpers all the time and sometimes I get it for less than full value so their business is not "riskless."  There also is no "price equilibrium" because the price changes all the time as the event gets closer and some places plot the avg. sale price vs. time.
@_date: 2014-10-31 13:25:32
I did a Bitcoin event with the general public.  many people stopped at the table and asked about Bitcoin.  While a few people talked about avoiding bank regulation and fees not a single person asked about collapsing government/banks or replacing the Dollar.  
The so-called "anarchists" in Bitcoin range from ridiculous to delusional.  Most of them are teenagers who never even coming close to living under "anarchy."  Many think that posting an anarchist logo on their facebook page is "anarchy."  
I always think of the lyrics from that Dead Milkmen song, Punk Rock Girl:


 And ordered some hot tea
 The waitress said "Well no
 We only have it iced"
 So we jumped up on the table
 and shouted "anarchy"
@_date: 2014-12-21 07:43:53


The implementation is approved by a small number of individuals so it is very centralized and they put copyright notices on the released versions.
@_date: 2014-10-14 17:29:12
By the year 2000 unrest in the Middle east will cause WW3 and massive starvation and most of the sea life in the oceans will be dead due to pollution.
@_date: 2014-11-04 14:52:06
I don't know what anyone else is doing but I am heating my spare bedroom with 110 Ghash/s that was previously in my attic.
@_date: 2014-11-05 14:31:30
You are disassociated from the real world.  
@_date: 2014-12-06 22:23:00
You don't even have a basic standard for the whole site.  You make things up as you go along and you are trying to make yourself some kinds of decider.
@_date: 2014-11-17 22:21:22
Yes, people do that now for "brain wallets."  That is where you take a phrase and do a sha256 hash and then use that as the private key.  There is no need to check the balances every day, as transactions come through it is checked against the database.  You can try it yourself by taking a common word, make a brain wallet, send funds, and watch he funds disappear in a few seconds.
@_date: 2014-09-21 14:06:07
Coinbase is not the same as Blockchain.info.  Blockchain.info gives you access to the private keys of the wallet while Coinbase does not.  That means Coinbase essentially has control of the Bitcoins while it is in their wallet.  That seems fairly safe but it is not 100% if something should happen to Coinbase.
I generally move funds off Coinbase and keep them in an offline cold wallet and move them back if I want to sell.  That is more secure in terms of trusting a third party.  However, if you think can't properly backup your private keys then letting a third party do that work might be the way to go.  It depends on the person and how much it is.
@_date: 2014-10-20 15:24:26
I have seen it done to others before I ever got involved.
@_date: 2014-01-03 07:21:18
the whole block:
@_date: 2014-12-09 14:38:00
@_date: 2014-09-13 12:21:24
The Bitcoin.me video shows situations where Bitcoin is useful to the average person (3 mins):
@_date: 2014-10-14 21:46:54
You get a bunch of people who lose money, those people complain to the regulators, then the regulators create a set of faulty rules because they don't know what to do.  People want to be free until something goes wrong and then they want regulators and Bitcoin is no different (BFL, Mt. Gox, etc.).  It is easy to blame the regulators but they are hired as a result of votes of the population at large.
Like it or not, people choose security over freedom all the time.
@_date: 2014-12-15 18:32:04
Doesn't the "connect" switch in the config file do that?
@_date: 2014-10-14 19:54:16
The internet is also a spy tool for the NSA.  So is it a freedom tool or a statist tool?  Neither one because protocols are not inherently political.
@_date: 2014-11-11 00:23:18
He also fails to mention solutions that are available now, such as merchant services that convert the funds immediately.  he knows about that because I have complained to him about it.  he just ignores those things and acts like those solutions don't exist.
@_date: 2014-12-19 10:41:20
It is private property.  bitcoin.org is also private property.
@_date: 2014-10-14 18:33:22
And what is the "solution"?  A bunch of people running fake investment schemes on Bitcointalk?
@_date: 2014-11-12 18:50:03
There is actually nowhere to comment on the link in tweet.  You have to poke around to find the closed issue.  In any case they should just say the developers approve or whatever the case may be rather than saying "universal" approval.  
@_date: 2014-09-14 03:17:11
How many addresses does it hold?  Is it a deterministic wallet?  Can you use different addresses for each transaction?
@_date: 2014-12-04 17:29:17
Hess: "Bitcoin is Ponzi and will be shut down"  Vorhees: "Bitcoin will collapse governments and end war"  
@_date: 2014-09-08 22:03:21
I think you want to change the data directory in the config file
-choosedatadir         Choose data directory on startup (default: 0)
@_date: 2014-09-11 01:37:46
Depends.  If you are looking for a Bitcoin job it may help.  If you are short on funds and no immediate use for it I might hold off.  
@_date: 2014-09-29 19:43:34
Maybe there is a difference but it is all unclear who does what.
@_date: 2014-10-24 23:16:52
No, you are just latching onto Bitcoin because hardly anyone listens to your nonsense so you latched onto Bitcoin and now you claim people who support it support you.  
@_date: 2014-10-11 14:49:49
Many things, such as email on a third party server, can be searched without a warrant under the "Third Party Doctrine."  
@_date: 2014-09-22 14:48:20
I just sent the AG a letter explaining that the project could not have been meant to make a profit due to the Bitcoin difficulty.  
@_date: 2014-11-15 09:39:37




You are acting political by saying you are doing stuff for various "communities."  It is like a religious leader saying he did something on behalf of God.
@_date: 2014-10-21 14:37:06
Those are not all public responses, those are the responses where the commenter made their comments public.
@_date: 2014-09-21 14:28:26
Those companies operates in the United States and they are required by law to comply with a bunch of federal and State regulations.  Those activities are a drain on those company's profits and they did not initiate those things by themselves.  The laws were passed by the elected officials so they are the responsible ones.  if the businesses did not comply they simply would not exist.
If you want to just use Bitcoin those laws and regs won't really affect you.  It only affects those that choose to interface with other parts of the financial system such as an exchange for government fiat currencies.
@_date: 2014-09-10 17:38:25
The transactions may put pressure on the block size.  
I also wonder if merchant companies and exchanges will get involved in mining to ensure the mining sector is more stable. 
@_date: 2014-11-10 01:56:58
Bitcoin is still in its experimental stages and nothing has been "proven" one way or the other.  Bitcoin has not been adopted in large numbers to make any kind of conclusions about how Bitcoin will function in the context of a larger economy and in conjunction with other financial instruments.
This type of hype claiming Bitcoin has "solved" problem creates and unrealistic expectations and makes it difficult to increase adoption outside of the small group that already uses Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-17 23:27:22
The issue involves barware like shot glasses so if registered they could prevent others from selling Bitcoin shot glasses, barware, coffee mugs, etc.
The point of me bringing up the Milly Bitcoin trademark is really an ancillary issue.  I do a blog about Bitcoin but I also sell items with a Bitcoin logo.  Therefore I have "standing" to dispute the application because I could be prevented from selling things with Bitcoin logos on them.  They could prevent others from selling Bitcoin logo barware but I can't really argue that because I have no standing.
in any case if I win the application gets cancelled and anyone can sell barware with Bitcoin logos on it.  As for Milly Bitcoin I can only make a claim if someone wrote a blog under the name "Milly Bitcoin" but I have no rights to "Bitcoin" or "Milly" alone.
 
@_date: 2014-10-24 23:17:50
No, anyone can use Bitcoin and it is not supporting any political ideology.
@_date: 2014-01-17 19:29:34
Since there could be claims by individuals and since they have to wait for all the legal procedures to be completed lawyers have estimated it could take 2-3 years before the funds can be liquidated (assuming they are not returned). 
Also, it may not be sold at auction.  the exact procedures are usually found in the Code of Federal Regulations.  Here are some of the regulations affected: 
@_date: 2014-12-20 14:15:16
The best way to do this would be to make a deal directly with a miner to include your transactions in a block without broadcasting them at all.
@_date: 2014-09-26 23:47:01
I think you can create a seed offline using dice, cards, etc.  Not sure how Mycelium works but here is a description about doing it with Armory:  
@_date: 2014-09-09 03:09:49
The nodes calculate the hash themselves.  The nonce is sent and the block then the node calculates the hash to make sure it within the difficulty.  The value of the hash does not matter, just the nonce and the block header hash to at least the minimum number of leading zeros.  there is no one "correct" hash as many solutions exist.
@_date: 2014-11-15 10:27:10
I think a point many are overlooking is that the Bitcointalk.org forum is becoming obsolete.  Not that it won't get many users for a long time but it is becoming much less important over time.  This is sort of a natural progression of things and I have seen it before.  In the early days people all gather in one place because the number of people involved is small.  As the technology expands there are many more places to go for information.
@_date: 2014-09-07 10:20:06
Each address has a public address and a private key.  As long as the public address is within the specifications you can send Bitcoin to that address.  There is no way for the system to know if you have the private key to retrieve those funds.  
Some systems that record intellectual property in the blockchain sends Bitcoin to a valid public address but the private key is unknown so the funds can't be recovered.
When you generate addresses you generate the private keys randomly and a calculation is done to get the public address.  The only protection against generating an address someone is already using is that there are so many addresses the odds are so small it is extremely unlikely to happen.
 is how the addresses are calculated once you generate a random private key in your wallet.
@_date: 2014-11-05 02:36:51
It is interesting to note that Jared along with Roger Ver and Jesse Powell sued Amir Taaki for breach of contract ... but none of the people suing actually have a copy of the contract.  They say in the complaint that if you get hold of the defendants they will have a copy and the case can then be proven.  I would think twice about letting any of these people control your funds.
@_date: 2014-11-05 13:36:46
Why don't you try talking to normal everyday people who are alive now?
@_date: 2014-10-20 17:46:35
I don't know much about   I noticed one of the Directors id Christine Varney.  She was a Commissioner for the FTC for a time.  Right after she left the FTC she announced she was representing several private companies and there all sorts of allegations that she used her position to do favors for her future clients while she was with the FTC.  She was chair of the "Online Privacy Alliance" 
@_date: 2014-09-17 03:09:30
Yes, I saw another notice from March in that Bitcointalk thread.  But if they are making claims that goes against the news release Mt. Gox sent out.
@_date: 2014-09-05 01:19:00
Oh, a domain hack.  ".in" is the country code for India.  
@_date: 2014-12-20 13:28:47
I believe the list has changed now.  If he made some kind of false alert it probably would be caught pretty quickly.  however, Theymos already has control over several key resources and "separation of duties" is done for security so no one person can cause too much damage.
The other problem is that Theymos is misusing the key by using it as a badge of trust to promote his ideas for the donated funds.  The key was issued to send alerts, not to give peoeple an endorsement to promote projects.
@_date: 2014-12-30 19:40:34
No, you want an old laptop that is never connected to the Internet.  "Cold" means never, ever connected to the Internet.
@_date: 2014-09-26 00:14:51
Bitcoin is in its experimental stages so you can't compare it to established systems.  Some of those competing system may very well overtake Bitcoin and that is part of the experiment.
International transfers can be extremely expensive and slow or even impossible in some cases using legacy systems.  You can do things with Bitcoin that you can't do at all with other systems, not that it replaces everything.  I made a video that shows some examples of situations where Bitcoin is useful at 
@_date: 2014-12-10 05:45:35
I filed a 30-day extension for an opposition.  
I drafted an opposition at
However, it would me much better if an attorney who knew what they doing in the TTAB proceedings would file something.  they have until tomorrow to file an extension (no cost for that)
@_date: 2014-09-17 02:20:38
This is turning into a problem.  
Tibanne (owned by Karpeles I believe) registered this claiming it was to stop others from using the TM (see   However, the whole purpose of registering a TM is to claim exclusive use so once they say others can use it that defeats the purpose of registering it in the first place so it probably can be challenged on that basis alone.
However, now Gox is in bankruptcy.  It is unclear who is going to get the TM.  It has discussed that it could be sold but it is owned by Tibanne, not Mt. Gox so that is unclear who has control.
In order for the notice at claims.clearinghouse.org it looks like someone registered Bitcoin with the clearinghouse.  this means the TM owner has rights to register "bitcoin" domain names before the general public (sunrise registrations).
What is boils down to is that it looks like Tibanne (or someone in control of the TM) is now making TM claims for "Bitcoin."
@_date: 2014-12-05 21:53:57
So who are they?  Who owns the site and who makes the decisions and show it to me in writing.  All you get are vague stories that can't be verified.
@_date: 2014-09-20 11:56:34
There is stats script running at this node:  
@_date: 2014-09-17 13:23:08
So the cops now have an incentive to go around arresting people to collect bounties.  This is not a good idea and I wish these stunts would stop being linked to Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2014-09-11 11:54:59
Yes, you can transfer the coins to another address you own (you can transfer them back) so the original transaction will no longer be valid.
@_date: 2014-11-16 13:59:16
It says right in the description the idea of the author of the story is to push an agenda.  I would not give much credence to financial advice from someone pushing an agenda because they often distort things.
The financial advisor's advice is actually to invest in a series of different things that are not affected by inflation as much as other types of investments.  He mentions crypto-currencies as a part of that along with real estate and precious metals so that advice seems reasonable.  Notice he is not saying the central banks will collapse and everyone should switch to Bitcoin (which is what I expect the author of the story wanted him to say).
@_date: 2014-09-14 18:20:01
First make sure you have the latest version of Armory installed.  Then make sure bitcoin core is running and is all caught up with the blockchain.  Then start Armory and let it create its database which will take long time.  Then when you open Armory it should scan very quickly.  You should still be able to get the keys offline or from the paper backup.
@_date: 2014-10-23 23:56:09
I wonder if the lawyers accept those as payment?
@_date: 2014-10-24 00:39:23
They want new business, that is why they sent out a news release.  I don't see how you would defame pirateat40 by calling him an exchange instead of an investment.  Are you saying it would defame exchanges in general?  There is no claim like that or you can sue everyone who badmouths Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-29 12:43:39
It is about including transactions in blocks.  They can mine empty blocks.
@_date: 2014-11-08 09:16:20


There is no federal trademark for Heroin owned by Bayer.  
@_date: 2014-10-20 02:44:28
But that makes it less secure.
@_date: 2014-10-02 22:01:15
there is the Let's Talk Bitcoin model but it seems to me people are not going to want all these different coins.
@_date: 2014-09-14 01:35:50
Yes, they have quotes for specific amounts 
@_date: 2014-10-26 16:23:13
Yes, the real discussion is when you look at Bitcoin as a (small) percentage of the economy.  Discussions that depend on everyone switching to Bitcoin might be interesting thought experiments but that is about it.
@_date: 2014-10-02 13:04:05
Yes, but some of the functions overlap.  NY should first conduct a gap analysis to see what regulations fit what functions and then they can propose new regs if needed.  They just haphazardly threw together proposed regulations so Lawsky could get his name in the media.
@_date: 2014-12-08 20:38:26
By generic term that means something that is associated with the trademark class.  "apple" for selling computers is not generic.  "apple" for selling apples is generic.
@_date: 2014-12-31 18:44:23
Because he has a large percentage and nobody can say for sure what will happen with them.  It is a risk to people who want to use Bitcoin to store value.  This has been discussed many times.
@_date: 2014-10-14 22:50:13
If you had 51% you could start mining on the block before the transaction and you would eventually have a longer chain as long as you didn't hit one of the checkpoints.  You could also roll back the blockchain if everyone agreed like NXT was considering.
@_date: 2014-09-11 23:10:27
I clicked and I see once person, saivann, who publically makes the decisions but he has said in the past he consults with other people.  
@_date: 2014-09-24 02:06:04
But these complaints from Bitcoin users may result in more things like Bitlicense proposals from publicity-seeking politicians.
@_date: 2014-09-20 11:54:12
I think they charge you for the transaction fee in some cases.
@_date: 2014-11-10 04:38:59
Another one of your childish responses that you think is cute.  Your delusional agenda gets a few upvotes from your Reddit fanbase (and makes yourself feel important) but in the end it weakens Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2014-12-02 17:47:29
They are correct.  The issue is that it takes so much work to "hack" it that it is not feasible.  
@_date: 2014-10-15 16:04:11
The issue is that people don't trust some of the people involved with the Foundation due to all the things that went wrong (Mt. Gox, Coinlab, BitInstant, etc.) and they want to know what is going on in general.  since the Foundation has not been very responsive to those requests it leads to suggestions like tracking all funds which probably won't answer all the questions they have anyway.  If the Foundation would concern themselves with this core issues surrounding that maybe these other requests would be necessary.  In any case I would personally scared in leaving any funds in a service operated by a Foundation Board member due to the poor track record.
They have done some stuff as they finally agreed to requests for info on the board meetings and allowing public access to the discussion boards.
@_date: 2014-09-25 04:36:00
They don't.  The miners are all working on a different block data and produce different hashes.  The first one to find a solution that meets the target wins the race.  The target is the number of leading zeros in the hash and is related to the difficulty.
@_date: 2014-10-15 00:20:47
The internet can be used by freedom fighters or by the NSA to spy.  It is not intrinsically political.  Bitcoin is not going to make "impossible many functions of the state and the current financial system."  It will put pressure on certain businesses and disrupt certain things but not to the extent being discussed in these hyperbolic discussions of ending wars and replacing governments.  Also, this discussion of how Bitcoin users are somehow more ethical than legacy financial systems is ridiculous.  Many here complain about unethical behavior in the government and legacy financial system while making excuses for Bitcoin users who do the same unethical things.
@_date: 2014-11-11 12:52:50
More at 
@_date: 2014-12-09 18:59:20
I believe you can make a claim via the court.
@_date: 2014-09-20 02:32:22
The merkle root is the hash of all the transactions.  The coinbase transaction is the miner reward transaction and is always there.  if no other transactions exist in the block the merkle root is just the hash of the one coinbase transaction.
@_date: 2014-09-17 11:27:00
prior art is for patents.  Trademarks are for use in commerce.
@_date: 2014-10-21 02:12:39
That's good, you should never resolve a dispute where one party pays you and another does not.
@_date: 2014-09-23 22:20:37
Yes, but if you use the wallet it creates more addresses and keys ("change" addresses) as you go along so it is many private keys.  If you use a "deterministic" wallet you just need one key.  That key "determines" all the addresses used by the wallet.
@_date: 2014-09-08 18:01:06
Do you mean 2-of-3 Bitcoin transactions or are you talking where a third party holds the funds?
@_date: 2014-10-14 01:39:10
He has worked for CATO for years, that is well known and I have heard of him long before Bitcoin and I used to go to CATO meetings when I lived in DC.  
Bitcoin Foundation has no money to do any substantial lobbying and they can't endorse specific candidates according to their tax return.  The Bitcoin economy is microscopic and $8 million is called a "whale" That is maybe a down payment for a condo in Manhattan.  The political contributions in Bitcoin don't matter except for an advertising gimmick at this point.  Maybe in the future it will be important but it isn't right now.
The rest of your nonsense if for Alex Jones.
@_date: 2014-10-08 20:58:37
I think these are all different companies.  They should probably look at rebranding.
@_date: 2014-10-27 17:08:49
The lawsuit says the *proposed* rules cost his business $1 Billion so he is trying to sue the taxpayers of the State of NY to collect that.  However, he didn't state why he lost $1 billion except to claim it caused him to lay people off.  
@_date: 2014-10-16 04:28:27
Escrow companies are required to be registered and bonded in most places so you can check that if you want to find if a specific escrow service is legitimate.  Also, it is a conflict for the escrow company to do both escrow and dispute resolution.  Many associated with Bitcoin just set up an unlicensed service and combine both escrow and dispute resolution so you are on your own with things like that.
@_date: 2014-12-20 01:15:35
This is the biggest point of confusion by far when you interact with the general public.
@_date: 2014-09-12 15:40:38
I have been meaning to try this tool out:     
When you buy something keep track of the fair market value and treat it like a sale of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-13 00:23:15
You have to look at risks systematically:
@_date: 2014-10-31 17:02:08
I am older than that.  I am an old [City Gardens]( guy.
@_date: 2014-09-11 01:21:02
You need to make sure you review the 6 domains and know your BIP numbers that are on the list.  
I am retired so I don't need a job but I think it is good to show you have some knowledge for the web sites I am putting up.  I also have a CISSP.
 has the domain subjects
@_date: 2014-10-26 05:29:48
I wasn't crazy about that vid either so I had one made.  I highlighted why people would want to use it.  
@_date: 2014-09-10 13:30:34
I believe you can sweep the funds into a regular address using Armory.
@_date: 2014-09-25 03:12:56
Sybil attack is where one person impersonates many users.  There is no way to tell where there is "one user" because you dealing with computers, not users.
@_date: 2014-12-02 14:20:40
@_date: 2014-11-14 03:08:22
I am not sure what you mean because Bitcoin has no assets, it is an entry in a ledger.  
Don't confuse "open source" with decentralization.  The only part about Bitcoin that is truly decentralized is the consensus of the current state of the blockchain.  That is very expensive to do because it takes all that mining.
Open Source software is a centralized process where many people may input and anyone can read it but a few people decide which changes are accepted.  It has a decentralized component in that anyone can "fork" the software and run their own version.  
For Bitcoin if you run your own version that is incompatible with the main network then you can run it just fine but the coins won't work if you try to interface with regular Bitcoin users.  For example, you can't send Litecoin to a Bitcoin wallet.
@_date: 2014-09-05 18:09:19
I got one too.  Possibly they have to file FinCEN Suspicious Activity Reports (they are not allowed to tell you if they do).  
@_date: 2014-12-06 22:06:29
If you are talking about the Github discussion it was a tiny group of people who discussed it and a very short amount of time was given for the discussion.  Not a credible process to decide who should and who should not be listed.   
@_date: 2014-09-04 20:16:33
search on the file name of the wallet and see if there any more files by that name on your disk in another directory.  
@_date: 2014-10-09 13:39:36
Not sure if this would help.  it is a way of storing hashed in the blockchain without destroying any coins.  
@_date: 2014-10-29 23:49:28
While you are waiting for the miner you have an agreement with to solve a block you can send another transaction spending the same coins.  If that new transaction is included in a block by another miner then the original transaction would be invalid if it wasn't mined yet.  
@_date: 2014-12-26 02:41:47
It that different than the casacius utility at 
@_date: 2014-11-14 23:48:18
Roger Ver seems OK as a human boing but he is nuts.  He uses Bitcoin to promote some childish agenda and he calls the people who are protecting society "murderers."  That means social security clerks, janitors, astronauts, etc ... all "murderers" according to him while, at the same time, he embraces other criminals.  He made money under the system he claims to hate and now he accuses many the people who helped him get where he is as "murderers."  
He is also damaging the reputation and exchange rate of Bitcoin by using it to promote his delusional agenda.  It is difficult to get people involved in Bitcoin when they keep seeing all this crazy stuff about ending wars and collapsing governments.  
@_date: 2014-11-15 23:52:49
You have the ICANN choke point for DNS.  That is the problem with .bit and other alternate DNS systems, you have to convince people and/or ISP's to change their DNS settings.  So far nobody has been able to accomplish this on a large scale.
@_date: 2014-11-07 20:15:54
Are there paid sponsorships available to have a custom tip moniker?  
@_date: 2014-12-02 16:04:41
They didn't give any warnings when Inputs.io and Mt. Gox displayed their logos.
@_date: 2014-12-15 18:19:42
If someone just connected to my "stealth" node they could broadcast transactions without having their IP address revealed as being on the Bitcoin network in any way.  Am I correct about that?
@_date: 2014-11-15 10:29:29
$100K/month is possibly more than what is paid to all the paid Bitcoin developers combined.  Gavin gets $200K per year, not sure what the Foundation pays other developers and then Garzik works for Bitpay.  Is any other developer getting paid?
@_date: 2014-09-04 11:43:58
 video is an intro video to show some situations where you would use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-17 11:29:55
Sounds like one-sided hyperbole.
@_date: 2014-12-05 21:14:22
No, anyone can SUGGEST a contribution but a small number of (unknown) people make the decision as to what gets posted.
@_date: 2014-12-30 21:27:44
people are getting tax losses, not watching the news.  
@_date: 2014-10-25 20:01:13
It is unclear to me how doing things on the Blockchain are going to avoid the regulatory requirements.  
@_date: 2014-10-14 17:19:11
You should tie it to a domain registration checker. 
@_date: 2014-09-09 00:32:19
Here is a raw block and you can see the coinbase tx is first tx:
 
@_date: 2014-09-12 20:18:59
An attacker may not care about the reward and that opens up many more possibilities.
@_date: 2014-12-09 02:37:45
I have filed a 30-day extension to file an opposition.  The problem is that nobody owns intellectual property for "Bitcoin" so there is generally nobody who has obvious standing to file an opposition.  Since there is nobody to do I tried drafting up an opposition based on what I do.  I am certainly no expert in this but an attorney would be thousands so I'll do what I can.  I posted a draft of an opposition and it would be due in early January if I end up filing it.  Anyone else who want an extension to file has 3 more days.  Any advice from someone familiar with TTAB filings would be good.  
@_date: 2014-10-14 21:52:00
It is just not realistic.  You attached unrealistic expectations to Bitcoin all the time.
@_date: 2014-09-05 00:50:40
The site shows a brand called "Securicoin" which they claim has a registered trademark (the R inside the circle means you have a federal TM registration).  However, when I search the trademark database at Patent and Trademark office there is no listing.  What is this story?
@_date: 2014-12-12 23:08:34
The term is not generic as it applies to barware.
@_date: 2014-11-12 14:49:59
I wouldn't worry about it.  People need to see Bitcoin a few times before they actually partake.  Even if they don't collect the first tip they will remember it the next time they come across Bitcoin in some other context.
@_date: 2014-12-15 16:44:29
How do I run a node that does not leak out the IP addresses of those connected to me?
For one the node should not respond to getaddr requests.  How do I do that?  Remove that part of the code and then compile it myself or is there a switch to turn that off?  Are addresses leaked out any other way?
@_date: 2014-10-21 14:39:42
Exactly.  The incentive is the real genius of this whole idea.
@_date: 2014-09-14 23:23:55
There is "pruning" where you eliminate old transactions that are no longer needed. 
@_date: 2014-09-10 16:44:45
But many will have to sell to pay the bills.
@_date: 2014-10-03 16:55:53
No.  It may be theoretically possible some day but it is not something to worry about now.  If it ever did get broken then it would probably happen over time and Bitcoin could move to new scheme.  it is the Discrete Logarithm Problem that needs to be solved 
@_date: 2014-10-02 13:35:29
The answer is simple, Bitcoin is still experimental so it cannot be compared to established systems and that is what he is doing.  
The other issue is that many people hype Bitcoin and claim "exponential growth" and so forth.  Many of the people doing this have of attaching themselves to Bitcoin as a way of promoting their political issues.  He is correct in that the Bitcoin economy is still miniscule.
@_date: 2014-09-20 17:07:02
Just don't leave the window open next to Bitcoin Avg.  213.16 ...
@_date: 2014-10-27 18:31:23
Ok, then go to Bitcoin Island, who is stopping you?  If you sue you can pick court A and the other party can pick Court B ...
@_date: 2014-11-09 23:56:09
I don't understand the "offline wallet" part.  A wallet is generally a collection of addresses and there is normally no way to tell for sure which addresses are in a specific wallet.  Also, there is no way for you to know the wallet is "offline" which usually means the private keys are on an offline computer.  You also cannot normally associate an IP address with a transaction (Blockchain.info reports the IP of the node where it first sees the transaction which is not the same thing).
@_date: 2014-10-14 19:35:32
Really?  Wars were around before money was "printed" so that seems interesting.  Of course it depends on the world switching over to Bitcoin and somehow preventing transactions that pay for war ... except the world won't switch over because a bunch of people are making ridiculous claims.  See how that works?
@_date: 2014-10-02 03:13:14
If you have money in the bank it can be seized.  if you keep cash the government can print more and devalue the currency.  With Bitcoin as long as you have the private key it cannot be seized.  That may be good or bad depending of your specific situation.  If something goes wrong you lose and nobody can do anything.  The developers often get email asking them to help return funds and there is nothing they can do.
As for Bitcoin to solve the GFC problem that would assume large parts of the economy switched over to Bitcoin so that is really a theoretical discussion of something which may never happen.  If it actually did many years down the road it would be difficult to predict what would happen.
@_date: 2014-09-11 15:06:47
Yes, I forgot, Blockchain will tie up the funds.  I don't think the rebroadcast is correlated timewise to the emails you get from blockchain.info but I am not sure.  
I think you can import the private key into Armory wallet and use the "sweep" function to broadcast a different transaction for the same coins.
@_date: 2014-10-30 15:24:14
yes, I usually say "watch-only wallet"
@_date: 2014-09-14 01:24:31
The exchange rate would probably drop so it would end up as a loss, not a profit.
@_date: 2014-12-18 00:38:48
There are a lot of abuses but many businesses depend on them.  
@_date: 2014-10-30 12:34:46


You are confused about the process.  A hot wallet only has your public addresses.  You can only receive bitcoins so you can't get the private keys from the hot wallet because they are not there.
Once you have an address the private key for that address never changes.  
@_date: 2014-11-18 13:21:44
Yes it does increased the size of the blockchain.  The issue is the number of transactions and the size of the blocks in the blockchain.  Bitcoin can only currently handle about 7 transactions/second.  The amount of bitcoin in the transactions does not matter, it is the amount of the data in a transaction.
@_date: 2014-10-20 16:58:10
From what I see issues are routinely closed prematurely once a few developers make their decision.  It appears to me this is often done to stile discussion in general, not just aimed at me.
@_date: 2014-09-25 23:57:49
He was involved in virtual currencies in the 90's (Hollywood Dollar) and he has a patent for exchanging virtual currencies long before Bitcoin was invented.  He was on Wall street in the 80's.
@_date: 2014-12-08 01:23:46
Comments were also selectively deleted without any notice.  The vast majority of the "community" never even saw the discussion.  This is not a legitimate consensus in any way, shape, or form.  It is your web site and you post what you want. 
@_date: 2014-11-10 20:05:21
If you have been terminated by your bank for Bitcoin you should send the info to FinCEN and ask them to put out a similar statement for cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2014-11-05 13:40:15
I find it hard to blame businesses that look for the best deal for the situation they are in.  If there is a crony system set up then they are going to try to work it for their benefit.  What else would you expect them to do?  
@_date: 2014-11-18 15:53:38
Yes, I just came here to see what it was all about and this was the first post.  I got more than 10 and they are still coming.
@_date: 2014-11-03 12:33:53
Some ways are that it wasn't encrypted, the passwords were captured such as a key logger, or the people coughed up the password as part of negotiating after arrest.
@_date: 2014-12-18 12:55:35
It doesn't mention that you are a government employee for the State of Maryland.  
In any case I am concerned about any product you represent because you are one of those irresponsible fanboys who promotes an agenda rather than Bitcoin.  While I support Bitcoin, you often makes irresponsible hand-waiving arguments about any Bitcoin shortcoming or issue as if every problem is solved.  Not that I am saying Mycelium is bad or anything but I don't trust any explanation you provide.
@_date: 2014-10-23 10:11:39
This does not prove anything other than you use Bitcoin to promote your personal agenda.  If the people on Silk Road actually did order hits then they are the most violent people in this matter.
@_date: 2014-09-08 12:35:12
is it "blockchain" or "block chain"?  1 or 2 words?  
@_date: 2014-09-07 01:14:02
I would say Fugazi if they were still putting stuff out but Die Antwoord would be good.
@_date: 2014-10-16 12:32:59
Yes, people are too busy trying to find out who the BearWhale is and where Draper's coins are going.
@_date: 2014-09-07 12:24:48
I believe it has something to do with registering as a merchant.  During the recent verifications of my account they asked me about how I used my Bitcoins.  Since my answer was business activities they asked me to register as a merchant.  Now that third row shows up but there is no way to verify up to that level 3.  Possibly it is something they approve internally based on merchant volume but that is just a guess.
@_date: 2014-12-04 17:11:23
Is it easier just to boycott you and your childish ideas.
@_date: 2014-09-15 11:53:22
Some people are working on a network to relay blocks faster between miners 
@_date: 2014-09-04 19:37:08
find the data directories in your old profile:
@_date: 2014-12-21 09:23:24
I just stated some facts, I didn't express any onion on the Bitcoin Foundation.  Some people confuse decentralization with open source.  I am just pointing out that there are a small number of gatekeepers in projects like this and they normally have a rather narrow agenda.
However, I believe the Bitcoin Foundation does have some unique power here because they control the gatekeepers of the main fork but, like you said, it is not absolute power.  I certainly don't believe the current process is as free and open as you describe but they organized first so that is the way it is.  
@_date: 2014-12-06 02:41:51
That can't be verified.  The domain is under whois privacy and is owned by that entity in Panama.  "sirius, theymos and cobra" are screen names which also can't be verified.  if people are being paid and money is coming in you have to have a registered business.  
A normal business is registered in some State and the whois record reflects their name.
@_date: 2014-10-25 16:31:47
That video is hyperbole.  The banks will probably be one of the first major users of Bitcoin in order to do fast, cheap, and nonreversible money transfers between trusted parties.  You can safely ignore the people who talk about collapsing banks/governments.  They are using Bitcoin to promote a personal agenda so they often misrepresent what it is when it fits their purpose.
The discussion of Bitcoin's store of value is about the future hopes of Bitcoin that due to its limited supply, and IF many people start using Bitcoin it could be store of value.  Right now it is experimental and its value is a crap shoot in the short term.
@_date: 2014-09-17 16:42:05
The comment said "not being applied very well" and now you are at "woefully lacking" so that is just hyperbole.  The issue is that some guy sitting in Japan with a lot of Bitcoin does not qualify him to run some kind of justice system.
@_date: 2014-10-23 11:49:55
Just keep holding
@_date: 2014-11-12 16:18:57
Huh?  I never said there was anyone who didn't like it or a "secret cabal."  I am just saying it is not widely vetted enough to claim "universal approval" or "everyone."  It has nothing to do with the current BIP but, as an example, the definition of "escrow" is obviously wrong even though that does not affect the BIP itself. 
I don't think there are people that don't like this proposal.  I do think the process is broken when a small groups proclaims things have "near universal approval" when they never got that approval.
@_date: 2014-10-10 15:14:07
I would call people who think the success of Bitcoin hinges on whether it replaces the Dollar or that it will end wars to be highly irrational.  They are the loudest people and they drive normal people away and make Bitcoin weaker. They are promoting their agenda, not Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-10 14:16:56
It cost me $50 CAD to take the test and $25 CAD to apply for the certificate.  I only saw payment in Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2014-10-20 14:39:00
Recommending a web site and saying it is "official" are two different things.  Are you saying this whole decentralized thing has failed and we should just let one "Official" body handle everything because it is more convenient?  
@_date: 2014-10-15 00:53:07


So is it (almost) trivial to switch to a different signing algorithm?  Is it possible to use more than one scheme at the same time?
@_date: 2014-12-16 13:55:18
The only part about Bitcoin that is truly decentralized is the consensus of the current state of the Blockchain.  That is expensive and complicated to do and it involves running all those mining computers.  People throw around the term "decentralization" quite a bit and people often apply to centralized processes that just happen to be associated with Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-09-04 18:55:43
You need the private keys in your old wallet.  Do you have a backup or was it reinstalled without overwriting the data?  If you don't have a paper backup or other electronic backup there is probably not much you can do.  Maybe you can search the empty sectors on your disk for the old data but that is a slim chance if you reloaded the OS.
@_date: 2014-11-14 00:55:31
Theymos has his hand in bitcointalk.org, the wiki, and bitcoin.org.  Sounds like quite a bit of centralization ... 
@_date: 2014-12-05 23:08:32
The people involved claim that is not true but they never say what is true.  It is claimed that the site is owned by someone who lets the developers run it but they don't say which developers or who is paying people who run it.  Since some of the developers are also Bitcoin Foundation employees and the Bitcoin Foundation claims to "support" bitcoin.org it is all unclear who does what or who has a say.  In addition to that the domain is kept under whois privacy (a serious security issue) ownership cannot be verified.
@_date: 2014-09-10 15:48:06
Why? 
@_date: 2014-10-10 15:44:31
You missed the point.  He is talking about people overhyping the technology which he says is good.  I am saying the reason for that is that many people are using Bitcoin to promote their agenda and they overhype Bitcoin for that reason.  
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:43:30
I expected probation because it was a one-time thing and not an ongoing conspiracy and he had no prior record.
@_date: 2014-10-18 18:15:49
There is the Stone man story:  
8,999 BTC still there plus a few millibits from spam tx's
@_date: 2014-10-29 12:29:25
Don't they all depend either on the Bitcoin code and/or for Bitcoin to be functional?
@_date: 2014-10-09 14:14:02
The IRS did not give any exception.  They issued guidance based on the fact that most people have more exchange trades than purchases.  It is the users that are treating it as property.  This may change if Bitcoin starts being used more as a currency.
@_date: 2014-11-14 23:50:53
Right, and hardly anyone is going to embrace when you associate Bitcoin with ending wars and collapsing governments.  Just try talking to people who don't know about Bitcoin and see how far you get when you start off with this stuff.
@_date: 2014-12-12 14:13:18
It is not the same thing as a dispute between "Ford" motors and another place using the term FORD.  That is because Bitcoin is decentralized and there is no entity like Ford Motors that owns the trademark.  I have to argue that I want to use BITCOIN to sell barware but I want to use to refer to the dentralized currency and not a trademark that I own.  
I do own the MILLY BITCOIN federal trademark for blogs about Bitcoin.  If I try to argue that causes confusion I would have to argue that people looking for my blog would be confused over someone selling Bitcoin brand barware. 
Possible one of Bitcoin Foundations or groups could argue that the trademark would cause confusion but I am not sure if they can make an argument for standing.  In any case nobody filed anything.  I have a Bitcoin meetup group so maybe I can work in an argument there.
In any case I need actual TTAB decisions or court cases I can point to in my arguments.
@_date: 2014-10-14 19:24:26
Wow, what a meaningful statement.  Of course the rest of the non-Bitcoin world is standing around advocating violence against peaceful individuals.  Is Bitcoin going to solve all those problems?
  
@_date: 2014-10-03 16:01:32
No.  the public key goes through 2 different crypto algorthims.  If you do a transaction with the address your public key is revealed in the blockchain or when it is broadcast.
If SHA256 was broken you still could not calculate the private key from the Bitcoin address if no transactions have taken place with that address.  there is another algorithm protecting the translation between Bitcoin address and the public key (RIPEMD-160).   
@_date: 2014-12-09 02:42:38
I filed an extension.  
@_date: 2014-12-03 13:52:08
I don't think they use the same exchange rate.  I haven't really measured it in depth but the couple times I checked Circle was slightly more expensive.
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:02:02
From your other comment you don't seem to understand what you are reading or saying.
@_date: 2014-10-20 14:58:02
I did submit an issue but they usually get rejected/deleted/ignored.  the site is run by a small group who don't take kindly to suggestions.
@_date: 2014-10-26 16:14:16
Yes, you also need other things as well.  The market is still so tiny that you have all these affects of relatively small traders ($8 million) drastically changing the market still.  it will take time.
@_date: 2014-11-09 00:47:03
No, not if they get just the private key somehow.  If they just get the wallet file, which is usually the case, then they need the password.
@_date: 2014-10-23 11:37:32
I don't think so.  You would still have violence if all drugs were legal.
@_date: 2014-09-16 17:49:26
I noticed the fee changes every few minutes based on the exchange rate so that probably got out of sync.
@_date: 2014-11-17 00:25:54
No.  Forking the software means just changing the software in some way.  There is a set of consensus rules and if you change those you will fork the blockchain.  I have seen some people propose that the consensus rules be separated out into some kind of library and then you would have the rest of the code that could be changed without forking the blockchain.
@_date: 2014-12-06 22:08:34
No, the reality is many people involved in this inner circle are unstable, have an unusual perspective, and/or have conflicts of interest.
@_date: 2014-09-05 03:04:47
If you run the full software the wallet is included as part of the package.  You can run it as a "headless" daemon so you can just connect to it for the Bitcoin network data with other applications and there is no GUI. 
@_date: 2014-11-17 00:17:26
@_date: 2014-10-31 23:19:47
I gave out candy but I keep that "Bitcoin accepted here" neon in the window.  One kid asked about it so I gave him [a couple promo coins](
@_date: 2014-10-29 02:32:05
The Foundation is a mixed bag.  Some unusual and irresponsible behavior has come out of the Foundation ranging from Mt. Gox to the Chairman "misplacing" all those Bitcoins right before the bankruptcy filing and then his legal team had to be [scolded by the judge for making noises in the court room.](
I think Jerry Brito and CoinCenter are better suited for the lobbying efforts.  Another Foundation could be formed for the development to separate those functions in different organizations and remove some of the baggage of the current Foundation.
@_date: 2014-12-18 13:57:35
Ask Rassah, he doesn't hide it if you ask him.  You can also search on his real name and find it. 
@_date: 2014-10-31 17:31:22
There is risk with Coinbase, they are way ahead of things you see on Bitcointalk.org but there is still risk.  It is two young guys without much experience and they sit there and drink beer while doing AMA videos.  I use them but I would not store anything in their "vault" and I certainly would not tell people there is no risk using them.
@_date: 2014-12-11 14:03:09
Statistics and theoretical computer science.  Also astrophysics so you can go "to the moon."  If you have time take legal classes that discuss the regulatory structures around finances and banking.
@_date: 2014-08-31 15:07:07
Easiest think is get an old laptop someone is throwing away and run Lubuntu and load Armory.
@_date: 2014-10-21 00:28:05
It is a conflict of interest for an escrow service to also resolve a dispute.  Licensed escrow services generally use a third party to resolve disputes and they are normally bonded as well.
@_date: 2014-09-08 17:56:31
You can send people Bitcoin via email with several places, including tipping services and wallets like coinbase.  The recipient logs in and creates a wallet and they get the funds.
@_date: 2014-10-14 20:52:51
Yes, I started facepalms about 5 minutes after joining Bitcointalk.  I saw through it and looked at the technology but many people don't go through that effort.
@_date: 2014-09-29 18:11:43
The bitcointalk admin and mods have already collected thousands of BTC in donations which was never used.
@_date: 2014-10-23 23:19:08
I wonder if they ever visited Bitcointalk.org?
@_date: 2014-09-04 02:33:28
yes, I have a nickname for my wallet and I think someone entered that.
@_date: 2014-10-29 23:06:20
I think the Foundation should be split into 2 parts.  A Foundation for developers and the lobbying part can move over to Jerry Brito's Coin Center.
@_date: 2014-11-14 23:32:39
Ver has a chip on his shoulder because he went to jail for storing all those fireworks in an apartment complex.  he is irrational for thinking his simplistic ideas work in the real world.  To see what normal people think of this agenda see 
@_date: 2014-12-04 18:45:56
If you can sift through all the regs they have to follow ... I think they have to auction it.  
@_date: 2014-10-14 20:04:50
Have you used the US dollar?  Does that mean you agree with the policies of the USA?  how about using a credit card, does that mean you aree with the political standing of the bank?  I don't think so.  
Use Bitcoin if it is useful irrespective of your political standing. 
@_date: 2014-09-09 00:56:37
reply back and ask them to whitelist you.  It may or may not work but it does work sometimes.
@_date: 2014-10-11 20:42:10
Yes, and no.  They could probably destroy Bitcoin if they really put their mind to it but another cryptocurrency would just pop up so the system in general could probably never be completely stopped. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 01:22:24
If he has no legitimate case.  the lawyers have set up the fund and the lawyers who file the case get the money.
A good example of an ambulance chasing lawyer is Dereck Newman, a lawyer who claimed to be First Amendment advocate and operates 
here he is again claiming that publishing completely factual information should result in damages if someone gets hurt by the info.  In this case it was publishing an actress' true age!
@_date: 2014-10-20 16:15:12
They said some push was made but it will take time to resolve the issue if that is the intent but the issue has already been closed.  These issue always get closed prematurely.  It turns out the same issue came up 2 years ago.  
@_date: 2014-11-13 04:30:44
I have done a large amount of transactions with Coinbase.  I believe the support is a disaster and acts in an offensive way to customers for a variety of reasons:
-Support just disappears when a problem arises that they cannot solve immediately.  I have has several tickets just abandoned and closed without a resolution.
-I have complained about the affiliate program not paying off.  I had to argue and open several tickets for each and every payment.  Instead of fixing the matter several Coinbase support personal accused me of setting up fake accounts in order to collect the affiliate payouts. 
-While support refuses to answer even basic questions they constantly advertise that they are spending time contacting Snoop Dogg, opening in new countries, and doing AMA's where they sit there and drink beer and completely ignore the support issues.
-I keep seeing numerous complaints about orders/accounts being cancelled.  When someone is denied financial services because of third party information the fair credit reporting act requires Coinbase to tell the customer where they collected the information that led to the rejection.  Coinbase refuses to do this and just tells people it is a secret or the customer is just ignored.
@_date: 2014-12-17 17:58:06
No, I am opposing the Bitcoin trademark and I own the Milly Bitcoin trademark for blogs.  Part of the opposition is the claim that a trademark for "Bitcoin" will interfere with the Milly Bitcoin trademark.
@_date: 2014-01-31 01:26:17
I was the one who put in the mining clarification.  If you have other questions to submit to FinCEN I can explain what you need to do to get a ruling.  It took about 9 months from the time of submission to get the published ruling.  Of course using an attorney who is familiar with FinCEN is the best option if you have money to spend.
@_date: 2014-10-09 22:33:48
Bitcoin is  software program and is not political.  The telescope created all kinds of political issues but that does not mean it is itself political.
Claiming the people who developed Bitcoin have some sort of political affiliation somehow causes Bitcoin to be political is faulty logic.  It is people latching onto a technology in order to promote their political beliefs.
The issue about Bitcoin is not whether it will replace the dollar, the issue is how it will work in a world that also has the dollar and many other currencies.  All this nonsense talk about how it will replace the dollar and cause banks and governments to collapse just drives normal people away and makes Bitcoin weaker.
@_date: 2014-10-23 10:34:34
I think they just use some automated system that screws up all the time and they don't have enough support to fix all the problems. While support is melting down they are announcing availability in 6 new countries.  here is their ama from a few days ago:   
@_date: 2014-11-13 04:36:30
My impression is that the founders don't care about support and they don't care about anything except selling the company.  It is highly offensive to watch those 2 guys sit there in an AMA drinking beer and goofing off while support calls go unanswered.  My impression if that they are 2 irresponsible young kids who have no business running a financial services business.
@_date: 2014-10-15 00:22:19
Use cases may be political but protocols are not.
@_date: 2014-11-12 13:54:19
I don't have any issue with this BIP and it looks good.  However, I only see comments from about 4 people so characterizing it as "near universal approval" makes me uncomfortable.  Maybe saying there has been little objection is more accurate.
@_date: 2014-10-15 02:05:54
If they mined in secret and had a  chain that took more work than the rest of the network they could release it and wipe out all the transactions and mining rewards over that period.  In other words if they did this for a month they would wipe out all transactions over the past month.  
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:00:45
You don't seem to understand the concept of "standing" nor do you understand the difference between registering something like "Bitcoin Magazine" or "Milly Bitcoin" vs. "Bitcoin"
@_date: 2014-09-11 16:28:50
If you "import" you can control that address from both Armory and the blockchain.info wallet.  Remember you are playing with private keys so if you think it may get compromised go to a new address because it can be used in the future if it is compromised.
@_date: 2014-10-14 19:48:08
You ran an unregistered investment and you pulled the rug out from the investors when it was in your best interest.
Your agenda is not Bitcoin and Bitcoin is not your agenda.
@_date: 2014-10-13 18:41:39
The logos are not but Mt. Gox still holds a TM registration in a couple countries.  It can probably be challenged but who would do it and pay the legal fees?
@_date: 2014-01-08 16:16:08
Yes, these get the best comments.  It is easy to comment when you agree.
@_date: 2014-09-13 23:56:08
He is a comedian.
@_date: 2014-10-26 22:06:34
A little artistic license.  The point is that people in countries cut off from things like Paypal can still sell stuff using Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-15 17:34:29
I want a stealth node so that people can connect to me but I want to prevent others from seeing those IP's.
@_date: 2014-10-02 11:48:26
This is one reason for the Bitlicense proposal because companies are not generally covered under banking regs.
@_date: 2014-10-24 01:52:24
I don't know why you think lawyers are held to a higher standard.  The lawyers ethics system are run by other lawyers. 
@_date: 2014-10-10 13:19:49
I think the timestamps are also used as an alternate nonce so it is sometimes slightly changed to perform that function rather than to give an actual exact time.
@_date: 2014-10-14 17:28:21
Therefore, everyone in the world will switch to Bitcoin and this subreddit will have several billion subscribers.
@_date: 2014-09-05 10:46:12
It is wrong.  "Once a Bitcoin transaction is sent to the network" does not mean it is irreversible.  After several confirmation it is highly unlikely it won't be reversed.
@_date: 2014-09-14 16:09:39
Comcast did something similar to me a few years back because I ran my own email.  They blocked off ports and claimed it was a big security issue but ... if I signed up for their business service somehow the "security" issues went away.  Now I have a business account and I run my own e-mail and DNS (and a Bitcoin node) and I never heard from them again.
@_date: 2014-10-21 11:59:45
Coincenter and Jerry Brito are doing a good job.  These comments are much better than the hyperbolic claims that you often see from some of the Bitcoiners.
@_date: 2014-10-18 08:21:30
It says the membership price increases with each new member.
@_date: 2014-10-10 16:06:02
It looks like it is available now. I used Circle this time instead of waiting for Coinbase this morning when I saw the message.
@_date: 2014-11-15 02:36:33
Do you go around asking people to try Bitcoin because it is going to "stop murderers from borrowing from your children?"
@_date: 2014-12-10 14:13:10
It is already past the point of being reviewed by the trademark office, it has to be opposed at this point.
@_date: 2014-10-24 03:50:04
Criminal defense lawyers are a small fraction of the overall universe of lawyers and a fraction of those are good defense lawyers.  There are many good lawyers but often prosecutors are political appointees and they are there to promote their careers.  Here in NJ the judges are political appointees too.  
@_date: 2014-11-14 03:09:52
It landed on a comet, just taking a rest.
@_date: 2014-11-10 06:13:54
No, you are one of the people who laches onto Bitcoin (and Satoshi) as a way of promoting your agenda.  Maybe this stuff is ok for Alex Jones show but normal people are not going to accept it.
@_date: 2014-10-27 17:16:33
Give him a break, he already lost $1 billion plus the filing fee.
@_date: 2014-10-27 12:42:33
Ok, so spend a few months in Somalia [like this guy]( and let me know how it works out.
@_date: 2014-11-10 01:51:25
Yes.  Some Bitcoiners have a misunderstanding about this.  If Bitcoin businesses are going to create services on top of the protocol then they are going to charge fees.  They are holding funds, operating servers, securing everything, responding to support calls, etc.  How do you expect them to pay their bills without fees?
@_date: 2015-05-16 11:41:15
The only sensible comment here got downvoted.  Reddit is a terrible place for newbies to learn about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-26 02:05:07
Who knows what you are talking about.  He is merely saying that Bitcoin has more features than just money as it is other things than things like paper money or cowry shells.  Money and the distributed consensus are not completely orthogonal because the mining depends on the incentive of getting more money.  
People who try to separate Bitcoin into orthogonal components are often the people who describe it incorrectly.  For instance, some people only see it as investment.  Other people only see it as a vehicle to promote a fantasy agenda.  They look at Bitcoin with blinders on and fail to see it as a whole system.
@_date: 2014-11-14 23:26:21
Please don't insult third graders.
@_date: 2014-10-16 21:47:20
The article lack substance and it is full of meme's.  No regulator is going to take it seriously or even finish reading it.  There may be some issues there but the article doesn't communicate it well so stop with all your hyperbolic nonsense and self-promotion.  I posted a link below that discusses actual court decisions (without meme's).
@_date: 2014-09-24 12:50:26
The members of the Foundation and operators of Bitcointalk realized this long before Paypal.
@_date: 2015-05-23 16:54:16
Yes, and a different pw for each site.  In the past I remember one guy was upset because he used the same password for both his Bitcointalk acct and the Bitcoin exchanges where he had funds. 
@_date: 2014-10-03 16:19:09
The Bank of England doesn't understand that you need some kind of incentive to operate a blockchain.  It is theoretically possible without Bitcoin or some Altcoin but you have to get all these people around the world to mine this alternative blockchain but they don't say how.
A blockchain is just a ledger but it is agreed upon using a decentralized consensus.  A "centralized blockchain" is just a normal ledger that banks have always used and that is much cheaper to operate but it is subject to fraud because a small group verifies it instead of the entire network.
@_date: 2014-12-05 21:29:14
Bitcoin.org is funded by the Foundation and we are told the site is run by the developers who work for the Foundation.  There are no standards for posting to Bitcoin.org and all we ever hear is who ISN'T in charge, we never hear who actually IS in charge.  
@_date: 2014-12-06 22:24:31
Nonsense, it is changed at the whims of a tiny number of people.  Saivann has been described as a puppet for people pulling the strings behind the scenes. 
@_date: 2014-10-04 05:28:30
I don't see the transaction 
@_date: 2014-09-19 01:21:51
Thanks.  I found more details on midstate here:
@_date: 2014-12-31 13:47:58
Move to a new crypto algorithm
@_date: 2014-11-12 14:45:00
I understand but you are running into the same thing by saying "everyone."  It is actually a very small number of people.  I noticed an error in the description as the section labeled "escrow" does not describe an escrow transaction.  It is a miner error and doesn't mean much but the point is that these things don't get vetted widely enough to claim things like "near universal approval" or "everyone."  
The government in my town does this all the time.  They call a meeting on short notice at an inconvenient time and when nobody shows up to complain they claim that is "approval" of whatever they are doing.
@_date: 2014-12-05 22:29:55
That is not consistent with the whois record.  What people "believe" may or may not be true but it can't be verified.  From a legal sense the domain is owned by the WhoisGuard, inc.  Maybe they have some agreement with someone to provide whois privacy but there is no way to verify that.
@_date: 2014-09-17 11:40:50
It is a compressed private key


@_date: 2014-10-29 23:03:09
We don't want people like Vessenes starting Foundations either.  
@_date: 2014-09-29 19:54:40
There is no central authority that rules for the entire federal government.  There are the courts and different federal agencies that have different missions and define things differently.
@_date: 2014-12-25 06:39:48
He doesn't talk about economics, he talks about solving a computer science problem.
@_date: 2014-09-22 12:02:45
Nobody seems to know why he dropped out but he did say that all the hoopla over the anonymous inventor was diverting attention away from what was important.
@_date: 2015-05-30 10:58:14


Typing in a domain and clicking on an ad are completely different things in terms of cost and actions by the user.  As for the rest of this comments it sounds like you are not capable of running a financial services business where you handle other people's money.
@_date: 2014-12-05 21:16:20
No, you pick and choose winners based on undisclosed criteria and you keep the procedures secret.
@_date: 2014-09-23 22:21:30
Yes, just don't mark it as a Bitcoin backup and nobody will know what those words are for.
@_date: 2015-05-23 01:08:40
Remember what?  You have no credibility with contract disputes.  You are trying to [sue Amir Taaki for breach of contract]( yet you admit in the lawsuit that you don't even have a copy.  Your suit claims once you get Amir he will have a copy.  lol
@_date: 2014-12-08 20:27:57
Mt. Gox's parent company already has it registered in EU and JP. 
@_date: 2014-11-15 09:45:28
He believes that only he knows the proper way to do things
@_date: 2014-11-14 21:44:54
But everybody cheered the guy on ESPN ...
@_date: 2014-09-08 14:07:51
The wiki has 2 words at   other than that I usually see it as 1 word.
@_date: 2014-10-20 15:42:36
I just posted some facts.  You seem to be one complaining.  I though the Foundation was paying for site in exchange for links back to their donation requests and some control over the content?  I don't really know what is going on behind the scenes but I am glad some action was taken.  
I also thought people did things to try to increase their value of their holding as part of the incentive system rather than "volunteering."  I don't think a large scale system would work by depending on volunteers.
@_date: 2014-09-17 03:13:59
Manually.  Someone had a system where they kept rolling dice to get each element of the private key.  However, you still have to calculate the public key and the Bitcoin address so you will need a computer to do that.
@_date: 2014-10-14 20:49:51
I am saying Bitcoin is not going to replace the dollar and your discussion is a meaningless thought experiment.  Bitcoin is not going to change any of that and it is delusional and detrimental to Bitcoin to suggest it will.
@_date: 2014-12-10 14:13:59
They are attaching it to glassware.  A TM goes with a class of goods and services like "Apple" for computers.
@_date: 2014-12-05 22:13:43
Huh?  You give the same evasive answers that are always given.  You can't or won't say how the site is run because you apparently don't know or it is some kind of secret.  I have seen people asking this question for 2 years and I have never seen a complete answer.  I have seen vague references to posting made by people with screen names that can't be verified.  If you ever come up with a consistent story send me a link where it is explained.
@_date: 2014-12-06 22:47:39
Bitcoin is supposed to be about not trusting people yet you constantly expect people to trust a small number of unstable individuals such as yourself who have a terrible track record.  
Whoisguard is not as a secure as keeping it your own name for a variety of reasons.  Enom is another issue as they are a different entity and if you run into legal issues they are far from the best choice and most of the issues have nothing top do with the US government.  That is part of your delusional paranoia and the fact that you don't listen to anyone outside of a small group of unstable people who don't know much outside of the world of Bitcoin.  this was all explained to you before.
The Foundation says it supports Bitcoin.org which is different than hiring Saivann directly.  
bitcoin.org is openly being run by the Foundation as it states it is run by mostly Foundation employees and they additionally support it.  As for hiring employees and paying them more than $500 I believe most, if not all, states require there to be a registered business.  It is insane to hire employees without protecting your assets and setting up an LLC or other corporation.  There is also a huge difference between hiring employees and hiring independent contractors.  This further shows that you have no idea what you are doing outside of Bitcoin and you cannot be trusted to be competent.
If you don't have an LLC for bitcointalk.org you are setting yourself up to be sued for everything you own given the stuff that goes on there and your irresponsibility in running it.  
@_date: 2014-11-24 18:58:28
I haven't looked at it in a long time and I am not sure it is applicable but there is the casascius utility he did for splitting keys:  
@_date: 2014-10-20 17:05:19
github is used for all sorts of things beyond software development.  In this case it is web site content and the issue in unresolved.
I have done software development but mostly for estimating solutions for partial differential equations but that was years ago and before github existed.  So, no, I am not familiar with the Github system.
A common thing I see is that people like Gavin will tell people to file a pull request and then some people in Github say that is the place for software development and political issues should not raised there.  It seems they send people in circles.  It is a way of shutting people out of participating.
@_date: 2014-09-11 20:38:29
Who is "they"?
@_date: 2014-10-10 13:45:01


He hit the nail on the head. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 02:28:56
For a brain wallet you just need the phrase and that is it.  For the paper wallet you need both the phrase and the paper wallet.  Think of it as breaking the private key into 2 pieces and you need both pieces.
@_date: 2014-09-10 13:15:42
I just took the test and completed the other requirements.  Waiting for my certificate now.
@_date: 2015-05-26 17:52:31
I usually call that Bitcoin 2.0.  I understand "Blockchain without Bitcoin" is making a new blockchain with "miners" who are "certified" and use the certification instead of proof of work.   is proposing stuff like that.
So lets say banks who semi-trust each other decide to form a conglomerate where they transfer funds to each other.  They certify a bunch of members as being "miners" who maintain their blockchain but no single entity or bank is in full control.  They run their own blockchain that is only semi-decentralized and really has no effect one way or the other on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-21 14:42:01
Right, they will just use Dark Wallet like the NSA uses that "Internet freedom tool" to spy. 
@_date: 2014-09-17 11:27:45
Tibanne is not bankrupt, just Mt. Gox and it was registered a couple years ago
@_date: 2014-11-02 00:32:15
@_date: 2014-11-05 13:35:42
All pure ideological systems are unworkable.  The real world is a mix of several different systems.  
@_date: 2014-10-26 16:24:24
He is saying the inflation rate of Bitcoin, not inflation rates in general.
@_date: 2014-10-25 16:00:47
I have been reading your articles and you don't have the slightest idea about reality.  You live in small world of people who think the world is a video game.
@_date: 2015-05-27 23:51:15
the story mentioned a lease but who knows, maybe they meant payments.  In any case there is no way to verify other than the people involved in the transaction.
@_date: 2014-09-11 01:30:00
@_date: 2014-09-21 02:49:00
I added it to 
@_date: 2014-09-12 11:12:50


Bitcoin is a tool that can be used all sorts of ways for all sorts of purposes.  I don't see how some use can be considered "against" Bitcoin's core unless you want to project your personal opinions onto Bitcoin and claim people who use Bitcoin agree with your point of view simply by using it.  That is like saying anyone who uses the USD agrees with the policies of the USA.
@_date: 2014-12-06 03:24:06
I didn't ask about you, I asked about the business.  You never give a straight answer so I don't understand why you expect to be trusted or believed.
@_date: 2015-05-23 01:15:04
No, the issue is a business dispute with you.  You are trying to get people to jump on your bandwagon to try to shame them into giving you money.  Who are you trying to kid?
@_date: 2014-12-08 19:36:40
It is more complicated than that because it affects domain registrations and sunrise registrations.  Domains do not have a class so there is a different system there.  Apparently the Mt. Gox registrations in EU and JP have blocked some domain registrations because the TM is in on the domain clearinghouse list. 
@_date: 2014-09-17 16:14:36
@_date: 2014-09-10 16:18:39
there is one blockchain.  Transactions are put into sections "blocks" and they are chained together using mathematics.  This ledger is shared among all full nodes.
@_date: 2014-10-13 16:17:35
taxes are due Wednesday if you got an extension.
@_date: 2014-09-19 04:49:53
Hopefully they will distance themselves from the Foundation which is associated with several major losses, incompetence, and lack of action when they saw major problems taking place.
@_date: 2015-05-31 14:47:54


I have suggested before that in order to proceed with major changes a list of metrics and risks be made and along with an estimate of their importance/severity.  then when you have proposed changes you compare those risks to the baseline situation which is the current release.  
@_date: 2014-11-10 01:47:59
Bitcoin will most likely be used by banks and it is not a threat to governments.  Some people use Bitcoin to promote their agenda so they exaggerate these things.  "The" government is not conspiring to close down Bitcoin and most are just struggling to understand it at this point.
@_date: 2014-09-24 04:14:38
I used  and it worked.  Try downloading again.
@_date: 2014-11-10 01:03:20
Bitmonet.com is one place but I think there are a couple more.
@_date: 2014-11-11 12:40:46
@_date: 2014-09-26 01:31:24
I would not delete the wallet file in case coins get sent there by accident.  You can delete the blockchain data but save the wallet file.  Your wallet syncing up is just scanning the blockchain to calculate the balances and it does not do anything to the blockchain or the transaction so that does not matter.
@_date: 2014-09-11 20:34:00
From what I understand there is some agreement between the domain owner and the developers who are paid by the Foundation.  While that is not clear the statement that it is "community-created and controlled" is meaningless and does not clarify anything.
@_date: 2014-10-28 13:44:03
Yes, and the ruling is just applying the rules that were around long before Bitcoin and everybody pretty much knew this was the case.  They are not trying to "kill Bitcoin" and it is not some kind of conspiracy.
@_date: 2015-05-25 23:10:28
bitcoin-qt (core) is the protocol.
@_date: 2016-03-05 03:55:28
By technologist I mean someone who looks at the technology for what it is not without regard to the political implications.  If Bitcoin does not become popular then any use of it is limited and it will remain weak.  that means the agenda pusher won't be able to do much with it anyhow.  The agenda pushers are driving the technologists out (like Mike Hearn) as well the general populations.  Almost every time I raise an issue I am accused of being a paid troll for JPMorgan.  lol.
@_date: 2015-01-10 19:22:56
Is it a "Think Tank" that does consulting, an investment fund that takes investments and decides what to invest in, or is it promoting investments in companies directly, or some other thing?
@_date: 2015-01-30 04:49:46
You can also put a bitcoin address in a txt record before the DNS zone is signed.  See 
I thought about doing this bitcoin.me.  You could have a zone "milly.bitcoin.me" and that zone can have a web page, email address.  DNS sec could be used by wallets to verify the address is correct.  You have issues with trusting the owner of the domain name, hacking the domain name dns, and address reuse issues.
@_date: 2015-01-07 23:41:20
I thought I read where they had taken down some of the Ebay auctions but he kept doing it.  In any case I lived in the US and I knew M80's were illegal when I was in grammar school.  
@_date: 2014-09-11 11:03:17
The domain is under privacy so possibly neither company owns it.
@_date: 2015-01-17 01:31:56
It sounds to me like the site being discussed is the Bitcoin wiki which runs midiawki and was owned by Karpeles:  
Maybe there is some confusion since Teymos apparently bought that site from Karpeles and he also runs Bitcointalk.org.
@_date: 2015-01-02 17:07:14
You made a very reasonable post.  This subreddit has many foaming-at-the-mouth cultists who don't like anyone to say anything that is perceived as negative.   They don't realize that they are scaring regular people and hindering the adoption they want. 
@_date: 2015-01-22 21:33:44
If you publish articles from Erik Vorhees and Amanda Billyrock then you are promoting a wing nut agenda and not Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-10 19:27:52
If you don't understand the code yourself you have the trust the people that review the code.  However, anyone can review the code and many, many people have reviewed it.  The developers have control over changes but everyone sees the changes and they can decide for themselves whether to download and run any specific version.  
@_date: 2015-01-10 21:10:10
I don't understand.  "Think Tank" does not mean one specific thing.  Sometimes it is consulting and sometimes it is group promoting some sort of agenda.  "Investment group" is also unclear, do you want people to invest and then you mange how the investments are spent?
@_date: 2015-01-09 13:16:04
Yes, it was just registered yesterday.  This whole thing does not make sense. It sounds like the guy set this up himself and then acted as if he came in to "save the day" so he can get news coverage.
@_date: 2015-01-07 17:17:34
@_date: 2015-01-18 14:41:30
Maybe because when they come to Reddit they see the top stories being Silk Road? ...  In any case it is what gets the most news and what creates the most publicity for them.  If you get a lot of people using Bitcoin then they will hear backlash if they fight it.
@_date: 2015-01-09 23:15:54
That is incorrect.  They can start mining on the block before the transaction took place.  When they get a chain that has more work than the current chain they release it and orphan those blocks since the hack. 
@_date: 2015-01-21 16:40:11
If you were allowed to break laws then breaking them wouldn't be a protest.  Your meme-based arguments never make sense.
@_date: 2014-10-11 14:38:31
Nothing. Yes, by diverting the Internet traffic at the routers which was already done by a hacker.
@_date: 2015-01-15 22:10:20
I believe the problem is that it won't keep the transactions in the memory pool.  If you had a system that pushed the transactions at the proper time that would work.  You could also make a direct agreement with a miner to include your future transactions in future blocks (in other words, they will agree to keep your transactions in their memory pool so they can be mined when the time comes).   
@_date: 2014-12-15 04:53:22
A wallet is really like a key chain and it holds your private keys.  The keys are needed to change the blockchain ledger for addresses you control.  The idea of cold storage is to generate the keys without the keys being on a computer that is on the Internet and potentially compromised.
@_date: 2015-01-21 23:17:24
These things depend on the specific facts of the situation and you cannot make a meme that adequately describes all the possibilities. 
@_date: 2015-01-18 17:41:11
If you are in the USA I think you can deduct the loss up to $3K against salary and you can also deduct against capital gains like selling stocks.  I also think you can carry the loss forward so if you have those gains in the future you can offset the losses.  You should try to get records if you can.  
@_date: 2015-01-22 21:44:25
The only thing decentralized about Bitcoin is the consensus of the Blockchain and that is achieved by the slow and expensive process of mining. 
@_date: 2015-01-29 04:49:35
There is no direct benefit to running full nodes.
@_date: 2014-09-19 12:49:13
Patrick Murck does a good job but you have other members still doing irresponsible things so I think the Foundation is a mixed bag.
@_date: 2015-01-23 02:07:42
Get a grip, it is a computer program. 
@_date: 2014-10-02 20:04:11
You need to understand logic and crypto before understanding the alogrithm
@_date: 2015-01-14 03:41:40
Actually it is an estimate of that based on how quickly the blocks are found.
@_date: 2015-01-09 04:41:27
I thought the time stamp was fixed while the miners cycle through the nonces?  I thought there is no fixed time that block is "accepted" because it propagates through the network.  I also thought the miners tweak the timestamp instead of calculating a new block solution to save time.
@_date: 2015-01-22 03:29:05
Some people couch their arguments as if it is a done deal that everyone is going to use Bitcoin or Altcoins. 
@_date: 2015-01-02 17:44:48
I think it is because he says he thinks it won't go up again. 
@_date: 2015-01-22 21:47:28
Believe in what?  The Bitcoin technology or Erik Vorhees' fantasy agenda?
@_date: 2015-01-07 17:30:57
You want the full picture?  Visit  and click on Court Docs.  He is suing Amir Taaki (among others) for breach of contract.  The Complaint says none of the Plaintiffs actually have a copy of the contract but if you get hold of the defendants, such as Amir, he will supply a copy and they will be able to prove their case.
He also claims he went to jail because he accused the Waco, TX agents of being murderers so they were mad at him so they put him in jail for fireworks.  The complaint says he had a large number of M80's stored in an apartment complex.
Mr. Ver also claims using Bitcoin will somehow end or reduce wars and that anyone who argues with this claim "does not understand Bitcoin."
@_date: 2015-01-22 03:37:20
Some of the articles are by people pushing an agenda and use Bitcoin to promote their agenda.  is this going to be about promoting agendas or promoting Bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-01-10 01:08:01
different hardware because the algorithm is different
@_date: 2015-01-09 23:09:12
It depends, a very complicated situation.  Some exchanges are unregulated and who knows what they actually do with your info.  Regulated exchanges may release info to authorities in some cases.  
Also, people usually have many addresses so that is very complicated situation as well.  Seeing coins transferred to addresses to address may give some indication but actually proving who owns all the addresses is another matter.  "Change" addresses further complicates things.
@_date: 2015-01-03 01:20:04
I don't expect you will find any because click-fraud is a big problem with running ads and anonymous signups would just attract that and make the system unusable for advertisers.
@_date: 2014-10-14 00:11:26
Looks like you didn't read the document.  I don't see any of those types of expenses and they seems to show a loss after the expenses of the salaries (Gavin, Lindsie Holland, Patrick Murck) that is more than half their revenue right there.  They have hired some people here and there but there are no large expenses and their budget is a tiny speck of dust compared to other major players in DC.  The Foundation isn't going to influence anything in DC using their financial resources.  As of other venture capital I don't really know but I don't think it is going to be that much.  
Also, they checked the box that they are not endorsing any specific candidates.  I suspect that may have to do with the type of entity under IRS rules but that is a question for Patrick Murck.
@_date: 2014-11-14 00:47:38
You should have said that before you put money in there and before you made videos saying everything was alright.  I knew enough not to listen to you and I got all my funds out well before the collapse.
@_date: 2014-10-10 14:35:27
That is not what I mean.  I mean people with an agenda have attached themselves to Bitcoin as way of promoting their point of view.  The loudest an most irrational people are promoting Bitcoin as way to end wars, collapse government, and replace the US Dollar and that is distorting the perception of the technology.  
@_date: 2014-11-18 13:53:48
But I believe the prices are different so I think they get the fees that way.
@_date: 2015-01-23 06:50:19
It is a solution to a computer science problem. 
@_date: 2015-01-10 05:35:36
You look at things over too short of a time scale.  
@_date: 2015-01-10 03:14:13
The accounts are "play money" and you normally can't tell if they have real funds backing up the account balances.
@_date: 2015-01-07 17:45:17
he had almost 50lbs of M80's stored in an apartment complex and was apparently warned to stop.  He claims they were mad because he went around claiming the Waco, TX agents were murderers.  
@_date: 2015-01-04 15:23:34
He was prosecuted and he settled paid a fine to the SEC.  
@_date: 2015-01-20 14:34:19
It looks like a platform to send ads.  Once you sign up you are sent small amounts of Bitcoin by the businesses that attach ads to the payment.
@_date: 2015-01-07 23:58:15
You are mistaken/delusional, David Koresh is the murder at Waco, TX.  I also read that Ebay had warned you and had taken down your auctions but you kept putting them up.  
You like to use the system to your benefit and run businesses but at the same time you call the people who operate the system "murderers."  You sound like some ungrateful punk who doesn't want to pay his taxes.  On top of that I can picture you crying for the help of those agents if you ever came face-to-face with a murderer or terrorist.  You can't handle Bitcoin without going to the hospital so you couldn't handle true anarchy anyway.
@_date: 2015-01-22 02:45:59
People keep posting their transcripts with Gavin to try to make themselves feel important.  
@_date: 2014-01-05 18:51:51
It is designed to retarget the difficulty to find blocks every 10 minutes.  However, the hash rate increases during the retargeting period (which is about 2 weeks) so blocks are found at an accelerated rate.  Right now it is just over 8 blocks/hour instead of 6 (see   the total is still 21 million so things like block reward halving will occur sooner when things are accelerated like this.
@_date: 2015-01-15 17:35:14
He has always said in interviews that he sells some Bitcoin and is diversifying his retirement funds.  That is what I do too.  This recent hysteria over the comment is just nonsense.
@_date: 2015-01-17 16:48:07
How do you "put books on the blockchain?"
@_date: 2015-05-30 15:14:59
Maybe 2500 who clicked an ad but not 2500 who end up at the domain by essentially accident.  If there were plans to expand the site and increase traffic maybe the del could be workable but after the discussions I have seen I don't think that is the case.
@_date: 2015-01-08 23:54:16
You don't consider that users have alternatives to Bitcoin so raising fees affects that.  I am not saying anyone is wrong or right, I am not sure.  Here is an article that discusses it more:  
@_date: 2015-01-23 20:20:55
Whois says the domain was registered today.  Did it expire and then re-registered?
 
@_date: 2014-12-04 15:04:56
This site says nothing about having a license to be an escrow agent.  They don't even list an address and they keep their domain under whois privacy.  Escrow agents normally require licensing and bonding and there is nothing at the site about how dispute resolution is handled.   
@_date: 2015-01-14 03:47:28
He has been doing that for years and I have heard him say in several different interviews over at least a couple years.  He apparently used to buy them for 10K at a time for $50 or so.
@_date: 2015-01-07 17:43:09
He sold them online after being warned.  Then he was found with alost 50lbs stored in an apartment complex.  Then he says he accused the Waco, TX agents of being murderers so he claims that is why they put him in jail.
@_date: 2015-01-15 17:33:16
A financial business is probably required to keep records.  Should Mt. Gox have destroyed all their records?  What are you saying?
@_date: 2015-01-09 02:01:16
I was born in Philly and I make it there now and then to see concerts.  I told the guy who runs R5 productions I would help him to accept BTC for concert tix when he is ready.  
@_date: 2015-01-02 16:59:15
Mining rigs have nothing to do with running a node.
@_date: 2015-01-21 16:39:05
You have to do business dealings first to gain a reputation and people cannot reasonably be expected to know the reputation of everyone in world  so society has come up with standards, rules, and laws.
@_date: 2015-01-09 23:31:31
yes, you cannot just go in and change a single block.  as a side not the double sha256 in the mining protocol prevents this (such as a length extension attack).
@_date: 2015-01-10 01:07:19
Miners get the rake, nothing is free
@_date: 2015-01-09 04:35:56
Here are some ascii images that were put in 
@_date: 2015-01-07 17:32:20
No, M80's stored together is the same as having sticks of dynamite.
@_date: 2015-01-22 21:46:11
That is because people like Erik Vorhees are promoting their agenda and not Bitcoin.  These "agenda-pushers" are one of the biggest threats to mass adoption because they imply that people that use Bitcoin agree with their entire agenda and that is very far from the truth.
@_date: 2015-01-09 13:17:06
It makes no sense.  The domain was registered yesterday under privacy protection.
@_date: 2015-01-07 17:38:01
How do you know?  You worked for the State of Maryland as an accountant.
@_date: 2015-01-31 00:02:32
because they filed an intent to use application.  The USPTO did come back to them and asked them the significance of the term BITCOIN as it applies to their product.  They answered and said it had no significance.  That means they are creating a new BITCOIN "brand."  However, when they contacted me they said they were producing "Bitcoin inspired" items and sent me a pic.  If they had properly answered then the application probably would have been rejected.  That is why part of my complaint accused them of fraud.  I could potentially sue them for the $300.
@_date: 2015-01-09 23:13:06
Yes.  They could start mining at the block before the transaction.  Eventually that alternate chain will have more work than the original chain.  They then release the alternate chain and all the other blocks will be orphaned.  They will then need to mine a transaction that spends the original coins before the unwanted transaction is mined.
@_date: 2015-01-21 23:15:40
No, I mean the vast majority of the human race who see the benefits of an organized society.
@_date: 2015-05-22 12:32:00
he says:


What is your issue with this analysis and what do you hope to teach him?
@_date: 2016-03-29 00:44:21
What is the purpose of putting real estate transactions or titles on a blockchain?  Legal ownership depends on what it says at the county clerk's office and it doesn't matter what a blockchain says or what smart contract was executed.
@_date: 2014-09-13 12:30:41
Bitcoin can and will certainly be classified as a financial instrument.  Bitcoin stores and transfers value and that is why it is so important. The issue with authority is that NY State only has authority over consumer issues and not things like terrorism which is the authority of the feds such as FinCEN and NY state may have overstepped their authority there.
The part about entities that are covered under current banking regulations is also an issue.  The issue there is that decentralized currencies should have been reviewed under current law first, you do a gap analysis, and then you propose new rules if needed.  They didn't do that, they just slapped together new rules without doing their homework first.  It seems Lawsky wanted to get his name in the news so he had hearing and he is the first to propose new rules.  Publicity is his goal.
@_date: 2015-01-23 02:06:29
Your agenda is not evil it is just ridiculous and it makes Bitcoin look stupid.  Maybe you can try claiming "it is for the children" for a better effect.
@_date: 2015-01-15 04:48:15
It is not about the details of the protocol, it is about the acceptance of the general public.  Then web was bulletin boards and poor browsers that crashed.  People said the web was all games. porno, and credit card thieves.  With Bitcoin we have a hard-to-use system and many link it to illegal activity.  It is just a general comparison and is not meant to be a point-by-point comparison. 
@_date: 2016-03-06 13:23:23


Another great marketing slogan for mass adoption ... lol.  This is what I mean, it is more important to people like you to call 95% of the population morons than it is to get them to use Bitcoin.  
I am sure you think Bruce is awesome and I am sure you have a wonderful circle jerk every time you get together with him.  I looked at his Facebook page and my IQ dropped about 10 points.  lol.  He warns people that they are more likely to be killed by their government than any other way ... oh, and by the way, I head up the Bitcoin Foundation.  Another great marketing ploy to get people interested!  then Fenton says there is no link between his private postings and his position in the Foundation.  Oh sure.  
BTW - Satoshi wasn't there either.  lol.  He dropped out when the agenda pushers started to take over with that WikiLeaks issue.  He told people to back off ... but the agenda pushers know better.
@_date: 2014-10-30 17:32:05
inputs.io/CoinLenders?  Same story.  The guy claimed the coins were "hacked."
@_date: 2015-01-11 20:44:13
No, not true at all.  The whole ecosystem depends on the exchange rate.
@_date: 2015-01-07 17:24:39
he had a large number of M-80's stored in an apartment complex according to the complaint.  
@_date: 2015-01-15 17:23:48
Look at the 6-year trend
@_date: 2015-01-09 23:17:05
Yes, I said you have to mine another transaction that spent the same coins.  Bitstamp would have to provide that.
@_date: 2015-01-22 04:04:06


It is both.  the block reward devalues everyone's bitcoins and the fee added to the transaction is paid by the transactor.  The effective fee the miner gets is both of those things.  The rest of your comment is just restating obvious things everyone knows.
@_date: 2015-05-22 11:43:06
It is a matter of setting up security with the hosting provider BEFORE a security incident happens.  These things have been explained to Theymos several times but he is not competent in these areas.  Many Bitcoin companies are operated by people who understand little outside of the Bitcoin technology and they generally have an attitude that they are smarter than everyone else because they discovered Bitcoin first.  It doesn't matter what the data center security is in cases like that.  Bitcointalk is becoming irrelevant anyway due to mismanagement.
@_date: 2015-01-22 05:48:03
The context is that you are kid recently out of school with an entry level accounting job who claims he knows how the world economy should be run. 
@_date: 2015-01-07 17:36:52
He was storing many pounds of explosives that could easily have killed many people.  
@_date: 2015-01-22 05:45:23
Yes, your have completely figured out how the world economy should be run and you (and your "institute") are so far ahead of the rest of the world I am sure we will never catch up.
@_date: 2015-01-06 08:05:10
Developers are only one part of the puzzle and they often overlook or dismiss real-world issues since most have never run businesses.
@_date: 2015-01-02 15:39:46
It seems that most of the conferences have some companies involved who have been accused of fraud and that includes members of the Foundation, operators of Bitcointalk, Reddit moderators, mining companies, ATM operators, mixers, etc.  In fact I would be hard-pressed to find a Bitcoin company that has not been accused of fraud so why is this different?
@_date: 2015-01-15 23:54:19
I always thought that Satoshi gave Bitcointalk to Theymos and that Theymos recently bought the Bitcoin Wiki at bitcoin.it from Karpeles.  At least that is the story that have gone around the discussion boards.  
@_date: 2015-01-18 21:32:41
Or a centralized third party service.  Most people will trust a third party with small amounts even if they don't trust them with large amounts.
@_date: 2015-01-06 08:06:48
Mt Gox was detected well in advance and sensible people got their funds out at least 6 months before insolvency.  
@_date: 2015-01-07 17:35:52
It really depends on having common sense - something you and Mr. Ver do not have:
@_date: 2015-01-22 21:50:42
Yes, he is the Al Sharpton of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-11 05:58:17
see reset button:
@_date: 2015-01-15 23:14:20


Do you mean the Bitcoin wiki at bitcoin.it?
@_date: 2015-01-17 15:16:28
This type of service seems to a business opportunity for mining pools.  Can't the user make deal with a miner to keep the transaction in their pool until the time comes?  That way it is not broadcast and the miner who made the deal is assured of getting the fee.
@_date: 2016-03-29 08:23:53
Who knows what you are talking about.  
@_date: 2016-03-29 22:27:44
I do read all these articles as they come out and none of them really make any sense which is why I asked the question.  As I pointed out, the clerk's office determines what property rights there and what it says in some blockchain does not matter.  Plus, suppose I lose my private key, what if I get sued, what if someone sues and gains my property rights, what if I die, etc.  None of those events have anything to do with transactions on some blockchain yet the result is an ownership transfer.  I get the impression it is a bunch of people running around saying "blockchain" without any idea how they will actually use it in the real world.  Real estate property ownership is centralized so I don't see any benefit of trying to put a decentralized system on top of that.  Maybe there are some business cases I have not thought of but I don't see any described in the articles.  (One guy even calls Coinbase a Bitcoin 2.0 company, which it is not).  
@_date: 2014-09-12 20:33:49
I think it would be extremely difficult to profit from a 51% attack.  All the scenario I heard would be detected and/or cause the exchange rate to fall.  Possibly someone could do double spends but it would have to be done in such a way to pay for all that equipment and that seems highly unlikely to the point of being almost impossible.
@_date: 2016-03-28 19:46:12
All he does is provide an analysis of the current situation that financial institutions face when looking at Bitcoin in light of their regulatory requirements.  Just because Bitcoin does not fulfill some of those requirements does not mean he is attempting to "discredit" Bitcoin.  Instead of listening to what he is saying and trying to understand the problems financial institutions face all you see is a bunch of comments making fun of the guy.  This is why Bitcoiners often look ridiculous to most people. 
@_date: 2016-03-09 03:37:04
SWIFT is a messaging system that provides standard fields to reduce errors in communications.  While the messages may contain transfer instructions (or may not) it is unclear how Bitcoin would replace that.
@_date: 2015-01-09 04:04:38
@_date: 2015-01-22 05:46:09
But, of course, nobody has reached your level.
@_date: 2014-09-03 05:06:05
Yes, you can also double-click the wallet and click the number next to "addresses used" you can add addresses in bulk.  You must be in expert mode for this.
@_date: 2014-03-16 12:59:31
I'll take an invite
@_date: 2014-11-09 02:53:26
I though the first one was "Pay 2 Public Key Hash?"
@_date: 2014-10-30 23:08:04
I guess you have never dealt with their support.  if it is simple and you contact them enough times they eventually fix the problem.  If you run into a complication, no matter how slight, they just disappear.
@_date: 2014-11-16 02:34:35
Someone send coins to that address.  genesis block is block "0" BTW and it is unspendable due to a quirk in the way it was set up.
@_date: 2015-01-10 03:16:58
You won't be making anything if you pay for electricity.  You can calculate your losses.  It won't be much either way but it is a good math exercise.
@_date: 2016-01-29 23:24:14
I raised the issues of censorship, cutting off opposing viewpoints, and attacking Bitcoin businesses without justification.  I raised these issues long before the issue was popular back in 2013 so they use that as an excuse to delete my messages.  
BTW - I am not banned from Github, the group in charge of Bitcoin.org don't like my opinions so they just delete the messages I post to that repository.   
@_date: 2016-03-09 16:05:56
I don't know what you mean or what you are trying to get at.  I don't believe all the endless conspiracy theories if that is what you are worried out.  It is simply one of many risks that need to be identified and dealt with objectively without worrying about turf wars.
@_date: 2017-12-18 06:09:25
"A central bank cannot copy  without creating an enormous security hole."  That statement doesn't even make any sense, people are just upvoting because he says Bitcoin will go up to $400k .  lol
Bitcoin code is on GitHub so anyone can copy it and replicate the system exactly without creating any security holes.
@_date: 2016-03-29 08:24:31
yes, that is the IQ of many of the people here commenting.
@_date: 2014-10-22 03:08:35
Almost everything he did.  It took hundreds and hundreds of failures before he finally succeeded with the light bulb.
@_date: 2014-09-01 02:04:45
Wallets are collection of addresses and wallets are not in the block chain.   blockchain.info takes partial addresses. Not sure what you are asking. 
@_date: 2016-03-05 03:21:52
Of course, the Satoshi Roundtable was run by agenda pushers and not technologists.  
@_date: 2016-03-09 03:29:43


Long before any competing implementations came out I always perceived it as a small group who have control over the repository.  I believe it was one or two and then expanded to about 5.  When the system is questioned they often become very defensive and BTCdrak will make one post after another to try to divert attention from any probing questions.  I have also seen messages get deleted from github so who knows what has been deleted or changed.  You also have the implementation and the consensus rules which is really two projects.
The developers do not "serve the community" because the community does not pay them.  If they are an employee it would be a conflict of interest to do things that "serve the community" if it conflicts with their employer's wishes.   Bitcoin is not a charity, it is an incentive system.
@_date: 2017-03-31 12:23:13
I have not been following things to closely recently (I know everyone gauges posts based on the current debate) but all you need to do is look at the dev mailing list to see all drama and nonsense that gets inserted into the technical discussions.  Bitcoin development is often personality driven and agenda driven.  even the people who are highly technical often fall into the trap.  I am not saying one group is political and the others are not, they all are.  Plus, the biggest Bitcoin "politicians" go around railing about politicians and political motives as if they are "clean."  Vorhees is a great example of that.
@_date: 2014-11-14 03:15:22
Questioning the Fed is just fine and most people do it.  Saying Bitcoin will collapse the fed and replace the Dollar is where you lose people.
@_date: 2017-03-31 12:54:32
All of them to certain extent.  Like most things, it is a matter of degree.  Anyone who posts tweets or Reddit posts to try to make a point is engaged in political stuff.  Otherwise, they would write a paper that properly explains the pros and cons of the issues.
@_date: 2016-03-28 20:04:11
He does not say that.  He points to regulatory requirements and shows why Bitcoin cannot meet them.  As for public blockchains, the business case is generally not there for decentralization and while he did not say that in this article that is generally true.
@_date: 2017-03-31 04:00:02
Yes.  The result will probably be that new cryptocurrencies with new features will constantly be competing to "take over" the market and people will jump to the new system if they think it is better for their purposes.  The network effect will slow down the "jumping" but in the long run I doubt if any one system will dominate over an extended period because of this reason.  Bitcoin might be "for you" for now but don't plan on it being so in the long term.
@_date: 2016-01-31 13:56:01
Money exchange is interfacing with the legacy financial system and you need to understand how it works before you open a business.  Expecting the banks and courts to babysit you is not a good business plan.
@_date: 2014-10-25 23:40:02
mining is being centralized to a certain extent because it is too complicated and expenses for the average person.  How it will turn out is still up in the air and part of the Bitcoin experiment.  Some people predict doom and gloom while other say it is not a problem.
quantum desktop won't matter because the specialized mining computers will probably still be built that are faster than desktops.
@_date: 2016-03-07 01:33:48
I am quoting Fenton on his FB page.    
@_date: 2016-01-29 13:55:14
As I have been discussing for a couple years now, these things have to be put into a risk analysis and evaluated based on the entire system.  Random Reddit postings and emails (which you call a capacity plan) don't cut it.  These are not plans or roadmaps, they are emails and postings that could be the basis of an actual plan but that never gets done.  I have seen individual developers discuss these types of plans from time to time but there is never a concerted effort to do it among the majority of players.  
Anyone who has worked in system engineering for any length of time will see the developers as complete amateurs when they point to the various emails and postings and call them "roadmaps."  A roadmap sets a timeline for the scope of the roadmap , provides standard definitions, statement of problem, statement of current baseline, test results, and discussions of possible alternatives.  For example:  
@_date: 2016-01-30 09:51:43
You decide on how things should work for you but telling other people how it should work for them is something different.
@_date: 2017-03-31 04:14:57
That is true for now since Bitcoin was first.  It also may seem that way to people who get too involved with Bitcoin and never really step back and look at things in an unbiased way. 
@_date: 2017-03-31 12:05:15
I would say 90% of all Bitcoin posts on all subreddits are nonsense and just crap or misinformation.  
@_date: 2016-03-28 00:19:14
No, unless you consolidate the funds at some point which can easily happen if you are not careful.
@_date: 2017-03-25 04:36:36


LOL.  You must not read any of his stuff.  
@_date: 2017-03-19 06:11:03
I am on my [3-month check-in](  Not much changed, just really boring stuff at this point except that you can make some money off the volatility.
It is really annoying, Bitcoin is such a great tool but it such a magnet for people who want to divert attention away from what makes Bitcoin valuable and useful.  It is sort of the [Azealia Banks of money](
@_date: 2016-01-30 09:26:46
Your comment makes no sense.  
@_date: 2016-03-09 05:35:39
Technically that is true.  Dozens is really a small number as there are projects that have thousands of full time people.  Of those dozens most make smaller contributions while a much smaller group effectively runs the group.  The people involved generally become very defensive when the issue is brought up and it is rarely handled objectively by the developers themselves.  Matt Corallo addressed it at a recent presentation and he said that there is really not much that can be done about it.  I would agree with that but there is a difference between saying that and pretending the situation does not exist.
@_date: 2016-03-05 03:19:14


Bitcoin is being treated like a political agenda rather than a technology. 
@_date: 2014-10-25 16:07:42
It is no "institute", it is some college kid who is using the name of Satoshi to gain attention for himself.  This stuff makes Bitcoin look ridiculous.  
@_date: 2016-01-30 02:15:24


Because they rely on tweets, reddit posts, and other political posturing rather than a peer-reviewed analysis that would contain the opinions of experts in those specific areas being discussed.
@_date: 2016-01-29 23:15:16
Sure, I mentioned it several times on the developer's mailing list and there was no interest.  In order to do it correctly there has to be buy-in from the participants.  I did this professionally for many years.
@_date: 2017-03-31 04:05:50
So anything you don't like is an "attack?"  LOL.  That is like the guy who went around claiming running nodes he didn't like was an "attack" because it opened up sockets.  How about the claims that Gavin having access to the repository was a security issue because of the satoshi thing.  This stuff is not security, it is "security theater."
@_date: 2017-03-25 04:35:34


Yes.  People like Vortex just post stuff that thinks it will be popular with circle jerkers.  All this nonsense has driven away most normal people and people who think for themselves and all you are left with is people who will upvote whatever cringe worthy nonsense they think people here will agree with.  
I really don't follow all the drama and nonsense anymore and I just checked in because the price is dropping.  Obviously a model where highly knowledgeable technical people who can command high salaries are supposed to spend all their time working as a volunteer is a non-starter.  The early developers had Bitcoin and made money by the rapid increase in the exchange rate but that is not a permanent plan.  Instead of upvoting posts about some kind of plan where developers will be paid in the long term there are upvotes for cultist nonsense notions that these developers will work for free.  It is kind of like the people here in New Jersey who expect the government to do everything for them for "free." 
@_date: 2015-05-27 21:44:03
I read all those stories how the domain was bought for $1 million.  I thought that was questionable but many sites just reported it as fact without any verification.  Two people can get together and claim anything in a domain sale in order to get free publicity.
@_date: 2017-03-31 04:50:40
The definition of alt is different for different people.  It used to mean coins that depended on the Bitcoin development team but now it may mean any other crypto.  
Another system could become popular just as fast as Bitcoin.  Actually, since Bitcoin broke ground something new could take over faster.  This is not necessarily a bad thing, it is just an evolution of cryptocurrencies.  Nobody is tied to Bitcoin or any one system and that is good.
@_date: 2017-03-31 12:25:28
Wow, a post that will actually advances Bitcoin instead of turning people off with drama.  is this allowed on this subreddit?
@_date: 2017-03-31 04:19:49
LOL, you have the slogans down pat.  All cryptos are "censorship resistant p2p money."  It is also not a "criticism" as Bitcoin is not religion, it is money.  Other "censorship resistant p2p money" will evolve and eventually die when it can't be improved and something else comes along.
@_date: 2017-03-31 19:30:12
There is just no point in discussing things with people who talk like you because it is a waste of time.  It saves time to just point out you are cultist and leave it at that.
@_date: 2016-03-05 11:56:12
haha.  You have admitted that your agenda is to get people to use Bitcoin so they could agree with your political agenda.  Bitcoin is a technology that can be used by anyone.  You want it to be your private club of like-minded people yet at the same time you want mass adoption.  
BTW - there are no "leaders" in Bitcoin in case you didn't realize that.  You people are funny.  lol  
Also, it was run by Bruce Fenton, the guy who posts all kinds of stuff on his facebook page that offends probably 95% of the population.  The path towards mass adoption!
@_date: 2017-03-31 14:10:35
It is about a matter of degree.  If someone writes a technical paper that discusses all the issues irrespective of whether it conforms to some sort of agenda that that is mostly non-political.  If someone makes tweets to promote some agenda in place of an actual technical discussion then it is more political than technical.
@_date: 2016-03-28 22:20:31
I don't understand what you are saying.  He sounds correct to me.  Banks only need decentralization for some niche cases like transfers between other institutions.
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:12:56
That is the point, I am not claiming "Bitcoin" for some product, I am claiming "Milly Bitcoin" for a blog just like "Bitcoin Magazine" has a registration for a magazine.  You seem confused as to how trademarks work.  It is a designation of the source of a product or a "brand."  
If someone registers "Bitcoin" for barware and put Bitcoin logos on it they are not designating a brand, they are describing a product that has Bitcoin logos on it.  If they register that they can stop me from selling items, such as barware, with Bitcoin logos on it.    
@_date: 2017-03-31 12:02:50
If that were true then you would not have all the drama.  It is just more politicians saying they are not politicians, everyone else is.  You hear this same sort of stuff every election.
@_date: 2016-01-30 02:20:10
Yes, and yes.  Doesn't mean he is always right but someone who worked in the industry and has a high level of education is probably going to know more than some people who just regurgitate Reddit and Bitcointalk nonsense.
@_date: 2016-01-29 20:15:45
Bitcoin does not really have roadmaps for governance and scalability.  There are some ideas floating around that could be turned into roadmaps so maybe you want to discuss developing roadmaps from the current ideas.
@_date: 2017-03-31 12:29:03
yes, many people in Bitcoin want an "us vs. them" discussion.    Currently the debate over BU but this sort of thing permeates every Bitcoin discussion.  It is like that Bruce Fenton guy who turns every discussion into some kind of wing nut debate of extremes.
@_date: 2017-03-31 17:19:36
All open source projects have an authority.  As for ... "words that are commonly used in involuntary interactions" .. That is just weird.  the rest of your message is the cultist nonsense you see posted here but you don't see in the real world.
@_date: 2017-03-31 04:54:34
You complete changed your message.  Ver is not a nitwit, he is a mental case.  The rest of your message is because you believe my message has something to do with the current debate.  You get so wrapped up in these things you think everything revolves around your current argument.  I have hardly even logged on here in several months because these arguments are boring.
@_date: 2016-01-30 02:17:28


Who is the authority who says how things should work?  
@_date: 2016-06-15 02:12:52
When discussing established currencies that is sometimes true.  It is understood from the context.  Bitcoin does not fall into that category.  Search Google for "Bitcoin is not a currency" and you will see all kinds of explanations.  I think it is going to far saying it is not really currency but it is just currently a poor currency.  The USD is probably the best performing currency as it is the most widely accepted and is a huge percentage of day-to-day transactions.  OK, so I can buy honey caramels, cutting boards, and hot sauce from a few vendors but I can't just go buying random items because I can't find many businesses who accept it.
@_date: 2016-06-10 22:42:42
lol.  Entrepreneurs depend on regulation to function.  Those of the logical conclusions of the arguments presented but since that makes the whole thing look ridiculous you try to come up with these hand-waving explanations.  Just try to live in a real world for a time and you will see.
@_date: 2016-06-25 01:48:36
Most people in Bitcoin have no clue about law, starting a business, or operating financial services.  There is tons of money to be made defending these people when they lose everyone's funds, get charged by regulators for violating laws, and screw up intellectual property issues associated with their business.
@_date: 2016-06-11 01:40:12
Yes, I set up table to discuss Bitcoin with random people and I got their opinions.  The table was set up at the Philly punk rock flea market.  Further, the reference I gave you about the Niskanen Foundation.  Granted he didn't say 99.9%, he said 99% but it is essentially the same idea.  the guy's name is Jerry Taylor and the web site is at   He can explain much better than I can.
@_date: 2016-06-30 04:47:11
Yes, but it keeps Bitcoin centralized since you can't pay for new developers and it doesn't support new companies and web sites.  If you want Theymos/Ver/Vorhees/AA/Todd agenda coins then you are in luck.  if you want some diverse ecosystem that is less centralized then there is quite a bit of work to be done.
@_date: 2016-06-10 15:17:42
20%!?!  If that is true then everyone in China would be mining.  lol
@_date: 2016-06-10 15:13:41


lol.  With a ridiculous message like that the only votes you will get are some of the kooks on here.  
@_date: 2016-06-29 18:15:54
Is this the script to the upcoming Alex Jones show?
@_date: 2016-06-30 12:23:45
Of course they do.  People do not want criminals to have unrestricted money transfers.  People are against over-burdensome regulations but they are not against reasonable regulation.  In some cases it has become unreasonable and that is what people are against.
I pointed out the Niskanen Foundation to a few people (they recently appeared on Stossel).  They discussed how these poorly constructed arguments are doing nothing for the cause the people are trying to promote.  People on here claim the laws are "immoral" and there is no support for them and they don't do anything to catch criminals.  All of that is not only false, it is ridiculous.  People are upset when the laws are not applied correctly, not that they exist.  That is why these arguments put forth here never gain any traction, the people making them are either out of touch with reality or they are just lying to promote their agenda.  That is not to say the people are right or wrong, but that is the sentiment of the general public.
While I never worked with KYC type stuff, I did do research for aviation security.  I can tell you first hand that people want the government to do all sorts of things and implement all sorts of regulation because they think it will make them safer.  Now these regulations have come to the point of disrupting normal flights and people complain.  However, that does not mean they want all regulation to be eliminated.  They want the problems fixed while still having reasonable regulation.  I have been in meetings where the participants had family members blown out of the sky by terrorists and I can assure you they want all sorts of regulations that you never even though of.  they will win the argument 100% of the time when people say the laws are not wanted and should be eliminated.  It is not a reasonable goal that could ever be achieved.
@_date: 2016-06-30 20:24:51
What is the conspiracy theory rate per day?  I would estimate 3-4.
@_date: 2016-06-15 21:51:00
All you people know is a few links passed around on forums like this.  The people who do that rarely have any sort of educational background in the subject and they pass around these types of links as if they know everything.  That is why so many people can't stand Bitcoin cultists and think they are all fools.  Not that all the ideas are completely wrong or that people disagree with everything that is said.  the problem with the cultists is that they spin everything up to an Alex Jones-like description.  of course if anyone points that out they are "statists" "paid shills for "government/banks/etc." "hate freedom" or some other kind of nonsense.  I still cannot believe how many crackpots have been attracted to Bitcoin.  of course most of the discussion has nothing to do with Bitcoin because it is not designed to be a day-to-day currency, it is designed to do transfers in a decentralized manner.  The developers point that out all the time if you ever read their discussion list but the cultists just keep ignoring all that and sit around all day posting nonsense.  They think posting something stupid thousands of time will somehow make it true.
@_date: 2016-06-29 21:19:09
It has nothing to do with regulatory pressure (That is from AA, the biggest attention troll in Bitcoin who sounds more like Alex Jones every day), it has to do with usability.  Your conspiracy theory has nothing to do with it.  It doesn't prove anyone's identity, it allows users to enter information securely and it has to do with a feature that most payment systems have and most merchants and users want.  It has nothing to do with opting out of Coinbase or Bitcoin as a merchant processor and they are private centralized companies anyway, not Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-06-26 16:41:32
Zero exchange rate or at least equal to or less than the intrinsic value.  Like gold can be sold for it industrial/jewelry value.  Bitcoin has no such value by design.
@_date: 2016-06-29 17:42:52
Many people here cultists who do not debate, they rally around in a circle-jerk and harass anyone they don't like.  It is about time educated Bitcoiners started calling these people out for the nonsense they spew.  Most of the intelligent people have simply dropped out the discussion boards at this point.  They treat Bitcoin like a religious cult rather than a technolofy and trying to debate them is like trying to discuss religion with a fundamentalist.  There is really nothing else to do except to call the people crackpots.  These people use the Internet and all the things that go along with the infrastructure of society and when they see something they don't like they cry "anarchy" and call everyone "statists."  They are all con artists, scammers, and foolish young kids.  They call everyone a troll every time they get challenged on some of the stupidity that gets posted here.
As for Hale-Bopp, it is associated with cult who wore Nike sneakers and committed suicide when Hale-Bopp came close.  It fits because many people here are Alex Jones-listening cultists and conspiracy theorists.  As a physicist I am interested in astronomy and alien life forms but I would never consider posting or reading a Reddit forum called "aliens."
@_date: 2016-06-28 21:33:13
We both have physics degrees.  You said the biggest mistake you ever made was studying physics instead of trading Bitcoin.  I don't regret my physics degree but there is something to that statement.
As for the rest of your nonsense it is just for attention and, in some cases, you think it will get you chicks.
@_date: 2016-06-10 18:52:34
The USPS certainly has problems but my stuff gets delivered just about every time.  If it was abolished millions of people would be complaining and you would never win an election with that stance even if you were right.  Elections are about perceptions, not right and wrong.
@_date: 2016-06-10 22:40:45
Meaningless slogan.  Nobody is free and that is the universe we live in.
@_date: 2016-06-29 18:38:42
So what you are saying is that merchants must be forced to follow some agenda because they might use it in a way that some Bitcoiners don't like.  lol.
Bitcoiners who actually transact in Bitcoin (by that I mean not the ones who post agenda crap all day and hardly use Bitcoin) complain about this refund problem all the time.  For example, look back at all the complaints about this when Avalon Asics first took orders.  
@_date: 2016-06-30 20:29:55
No useful information in this article.
@_date: 2016-06-11 13:17:57
Exactly.  This subreddit is full of agenda trolls.  Bitcoin is a great invention and can do many things but that is not good enough for the cultists who sit around misrepresenting things all day.
@_date: 2016-06-15 00:40:04
I run into people who complain about this misinformation stuff all the time.  they think Bitcoiners are idiots and scammers and it damages the reputation of Bitcoin.  The posts should be about providing ideas to improve Bitcoin as a currency rather than making false claims.  Unfortunately the false claims are not limited to this.  Every time you see an article that is negative about Bitcoin you see all these crazy comments from circle-jerkers who get everything wrong.  As a result, many outsiders think the whole thing is a scam.  Instead of correcting these misperceptions Bitcoin cultists enforce them by spouting obvious nonsense.  Then they sit around making fun of the people who think it is scam which makes things even worse.  This is a huge drag on adoption and makes it more difficult to improve the stature of Bitcoin as a currency.
@_date: 2016-06-22 02:51:38
There were conferences before that such as the 2012 Philadelphia conference:  
@_date: 2016-06-30 16:27:23
But Bitcoin won't matter politically if large numbers of people don't use it.  
@_date: 2016-06-09 13:06:05
decentralization is a continuum and not a bright line.  I bet you don't understand that concept.
@_date: 2016-06-10 17:36:34
It is complete nonsense to the vast majority of the population.  The funniest thing is that the "anti-statist" crowd uses the Internet to spread their message.  They also use roads, planes, hospitals, and all the infrastructure that goes along with it.  It took civilization tens of thousands of years to develop all this stuff that you say should be abandoned. 
I have a very open mind and I looked into this stuff and I found it to be completely ridiculous.  Now if you listen to (what I consider to be) legitimate libertarians they discuss how government has gotten too large and things get over regulated then I agree 100%.  An example of Bitcoiner libertarian who makes sense you can check out Preston Byrne.  He appeared on Let's Talk Bitcoin awhile back and the kooks started attacking him and one guy said he should be hanged for not being libertarian enough.  That Stephanie Murphy kept interrupting him and laughing at him.  Someone like Preston Byrne has the ability to bring in normal people to Bitcoin while Stephanie Murphy is an ignorant agenda pusher who constantly misrepresents Bitcoin.  I stopped listening to let's Talk Bitcoin after that.  
I would also add that the term "anarcho-capitalist" is one of dumbest things I have ever heard in my life.  While an over-regulated marketplace is very problematic an unregulated marketplace is worse and capitalists would be unable to function in such a system.  What the real story is that these people are selfish and they want to use all the infrastructure to their benefit.  Then when there is a problem they (by "they" I mean people like Roger Ver and Eric Vorhees) want to cry like a baby and claim the whole system should be eliminated (except in cases where they benefit of course.)  So, to summarize, you want to use the Internet, you want police and military protection, you want to use roads and planes, and you want someone to complain to when your Bitcoin miner doesn't get delivered in 2 weeks ... but other than that you want the system to be destroyed.  lol.  
I suggest you check out the Niskanen Foundation.  The head of that group was recently on the Stossel program and he discussed how all these stupid arguments you propose to nothing to advance the cause of preserving liberty because the arguments range from being flawed to being totally ridiculous and most people will never agree.
Nobody cares about a quote from some guy in the 1800's.  You people always bring up these quotes and links as if they are important when they are not.  As for a Reddit score, who cares?  The Bitcoin subreddits are full of kooks and some of the best comments on here have large negative scores.  I don't even check my score or care what it is, that stuff is for circle jerkers.
In any case this a Bitcoin subreddit.  You post here because you want to use Bitcoin as a way of spreading your agenda because it does not stand on its own merit.  Otherwise you would be posting in subreddits meant for that purpose.
@_date: 2016-06-15 02:00:21
What reported stats?  the ones that talk about the exchange rate?  the exchange rate does not measure performance as a currency but rather as a commodity.  If you actually try to use Bitcoin on a regular basis you can see for yourself without anyone else explaining it to you.  
A simple explanation is at:
unit of account 
a standard monetary unit of measurement of value/cost of goods, services, or assets.
 store of value 
An asset such as money or gold that is purchased or accepted as payment for goods and services for its ability to purchase other assets in the future without rapidly losing its purchasing power.
 medium of exchange 
An intermediary used in trade to avoid the inconveniences of a pure barter system, such as money.
@_date: 2016-06-28 20:55:49
All I ever think about when I see your pic .... Are you ever going to wash your hair? 
@_date: 2016-06-29 22:08:52
The point is they are not valid issues, he is doing it for attention and many of the ignorant cultists actually believe him because they don't know enough to understand it themselves.  If he had actual valid issues then it would be good.
@_date: 2016-06-11 13:25:47
You are a fool who does nothing to advance the cause you are trying to promote.  
@_date: 2016-06-09 14:55:17
The concept is that many things cannot be defined as "centralized" or "decentralized" but rather there levels of decentralization.  Many of the Bitcoin extremists you see here want everything categorized as either centralized or decentralized when many system fit somewhere in between.  There are certainly some use cases where "in-between" are good enough for their purpose even though it is not strictly decentralized.  It is actually a very complex analysis in many cases.  Entrepreneurs and technologists are investigating the possibilities and the cultists (who add nothing useful to the discussion) sit around making fun of them.
@_date: 2016-06-10 17:41:58
The miners know this is coming so I don't think it will be halved either.  Even if it was halved the conformation time would be 20 mins instead of ten and that would only last a couple of weeks so I don't think it will that big of a deal anyway.  I am just saying if they are making this huge profit more people would be mining.  
@_date: 2016-06-30 00:04:14
The issue with paypal is the centralized nature and the fact that they stop payments and reverse them.  this issue has nothing to with that so you are the who is "agenda trolling"
As for Bitcoin, it is now highly centralized in some respects because the group of developers are tiny and the major information channels are controlled by even a smaller number of people.  Keeping it small means keeping those things highly centralized.  Of course you don't want to give up its main features that make it good to begin with.  You can't compress these issues into tweets and it is only con men and political operators who try to do that.
@_date: 2016-06-30 00:28:37
Those things are option functionality issues so users and merchants can process refunds.  Some con men and scammers try to turn this into some kind of conspiracy.  Like you, when questioned they can't describe any of their claims in any kind of understandable fashion.  That is why I call people like you cultists, you are simply following a religious cult and you don't think for yourself.  
@_date: 2016-06-10 02:52:06
I am talking to an ignorant mentally ill person who damages Bitcoin reputation and drives normal people away from Bitcoin.  People like Jerry Brito, the group at Princeton University know what they are talking about and they bring new people into Bitcoin.  You, on the other hand, are extremely ignorant and you drive people away if they don't agree with your Alex Jones-like conspiracy theory about the world.   
@_date: 2016-06-12 18:11:47
Another Bitcoin cultist spewing nonsense.
@_date: 2016-06-15 00:26:41
That is a discussion of currencies already known to perform well so it is understood by the context.  Bitcoin has never been performing well as a currency and there are many articles that discuss that.  
There are some smart people still here and I have seen some of them comment how this claim is misleading.  unfortunately many of the smart people have left places like Bitcointalk and reddit because of all the circle jerking and misinformation.  It looks silly to outsiders and they leave thinking the whole thing is a scam and/or everybody involved is a kook.  Bitcoin is still performing very poorly as a currency and that is something to be fixed and sitting around lying about it doesn't help matters.  This is purely circle-jerk nonsense for people who sit around all day posting "hodl" "to the moon" "they get it" and "gentlemen."  
Also, since you point it out, high volatility is a sign of a currency that is performing poorly.  Do you ever read anything about Bitcoin outside of Reddit and Bitcointalk?
@_date: 2016-06-24 11:50:51
Bitcoin is not "backed" by anything.  If it was "backed" by something then it would be centralized.  in any case it is just  spam to promote his twitter account.
@_date: 2016-06-30 05:04:59
I would have expected the Bitcoin Foundation to do this kind of stuff.
@_date: 2016-06-09 13:15:32
That point is not valid at all because there is nothing in there about "steals money from the poor, fuels war and destroys economies."  While there examples where things like that happen there are many examples where it does not.  Like everyone else on here I use government fiat every day and I am doing just fine.  
@_date: 2016-06-29 15:49:11
It is funny how all you clowns fighting for a "censorship resistant" system can't stand opposing viewpoints.  You want to censor, block, run people out, etc.  
BTW - what is the status of Hale-Bopp?
@_date: 2016-06-23 01:38:38
they probably thought they were providing services people want to use?
@_date: 2016-06-30 20:23:18
One of my rules is "Written by: Jp Buntinx" = don't waste your time.
@_date: 2016-06-29 13:33:02
The downvotes mean the cultists don't like what I say.  I assume you want "agenda-coin" only to be used by like-minded people .... uh, but you want mass adoption at the same time.  lol.  Why don't you focus on posting to your aliens subreddit instead of Bitcoin?
@_date: 2016-06-29 17:50:06
Bitcoin is just a tool and so is added functionality.  These things depend on the use case and the needs of the user.  What is frightening is that all these people who talk about a "censorship resistant" system want to censor, label ideas as heresy, etc.  It is like reading about some religion rather than a technology.  You don't want people to have a choice, you want to force everyone to follow your agenda by labeling the idea as "frightening."
@_date: 2016-06-15 00:00:10
Rising value is a good thing but that is the commodity aspect.  Performance of a currency is based on things like merchant acceptance and how much stuff is transacted, etc.  Buying stuff once a year on black Friday is not a good currency.  I try to buy things all the time with Bitcoin and I have trouble unless I use a conversion system such as buying gift cards.  I had set up a site at Bitcoin Food a coule years ago.  About 1/3 of the merchants who accepted Bitcoin in 2013 no longer do so.  the ones that do say they hardly get any sales beyond black Friday.  Bitcoiners need to work to improve that instead of sitting around circle-jerking all day and spreading misinformation.  
@_date: 2016-06-24 11:35:23
Bitcoin loses credibility with every stupid post like this.
@_date: 2016-06-30 20:39:54


Yes, necessarily.  You keep quoting Todd's trolling and conspiracy theories in your articles and now you have to try to save face so you come up with these goofy explanations. 
@_date: 2016-06-23 17:46:42
How about the people going around saying Bitcoin will end wars?  How about the ones who claim it will replace the US Dollar?  Bitcoin is full of crackpots making false claims.
@_date: 2016-06-10 22:39:41
Bitcoin is a great technology.  What I don't like is the people like you who make it look ridiculous.  You are using Bitcoin as a bully pulpit to promote your nonsense so you try to claim anyone who is against you is against Bitcoin.  That is why adoption is so difficult since there are many people like you involved in Bitcoin.  I think that will eventually change but for now that is the way it is.   
@_date: 2016-06-22 11:56:16
Bitcoin cannot replace the services that banks offer.  
@_date: 2016-06-10 00:31:43
I have not been on here in weeks.  you, on the other hand, spew your childish nonsense continuously.  Bitcoin is a solid technology and the kooks like you are really a drag on adoption.  Since you never interact with people outside of here you would not know that.
@_date: 2016-06-28 21:26:18
I am sure he does.  Financial companies don't want to get involved in this crazy ecosystem.  He is also a big attention troll so I am sure things get embellished a little and he brings up his clients in just about every thread (in between his conspiracy theories).  
@_date: 2016-06-11 02:05:10
Jerry Taylor was not talking about Bitcoin specifically.  He runs a Libertarian organization in DC and his discussions were about groups such as the Free State project.  His discussions apply to the Bitcoin cultists even though he did not mention Bitcoin specifically.
@_date: 2016-06-23 14:24:03
Poorly written article.  it makes it sound like there is some database out there called "the blockchain" that can hold all sorts of information.  It actually discusses different types of blockchains, most of which don't exist today and they make it sound as if the Bitcoin blockchain can do all these things.  It will create false expectations and misunderstandings for people who are otherwise unfamiliar with what is going on.  It also doesn't give any kind of real world examples of how any of these things will work in the real world.  
@_date: 2016-06-10 00:48:07
There is nothing else to do when confronted with fundamentalists like you.  It is like explaining to the people at the wailing wall that their actions are ridiculous.  You probably never had a real job yet you know all about banking, finance, politics, etc. and the whole world is doing everything wrong and only a small number of underemployed gamers know the real truth because they read it on Reddit.  lol
@_date: 2016-06-26 16:43:44
Oh, OK.  So a group of underemployed gamers who discovered Bitcoin are much smarter than the rest of the world.  lol.  If you don't cringe at the post this guy made then there is something wrong with you.
@_date: 2016-06-30 19:37:27
Oh, ok.  lol
@_date: 2016-06-15 11:09:24
You are a cultists who obviously knows nothing about economics or anything else for that matter.  You sound like you are about 12.
@_date: 2016-06-30 04:43:23
I think eventually normal people will come in.  There is Coin Center and the group at Princeton University.  
I personally have never seen such a collection of crackpots in my life.  It is entertainment to a certain extent but it does get old but there are some really smart people involved so in hang in.
@_date: 2016-06-09 13:03:09
SWIFT is a messaging system.
@_date: 2016-06-24 11:33:00
This is not really Bitcoin and is not related to Bitcoin, it is just spam.
 
@_date: 2016-06-30 02:58:35
the BIP 70 attacks are decribed at the paper at 
yes, I am thinking you are an uneducated cultist.  There are a few educated people here but most, with a few exceptions, don't post here anymore.  However, there are some idiot-savants who know some technical issues but are completely out of touch with the rest of the world.  So you have no credentials? 
@_date: 2016-06-09 11:19:39
These guys are promoting a fantasy political agenda, not debating Bitcoin.  Until you can separate out the agenda trolls from technologists you cannot have a realistic debate.  
@_date: 2016-06-30 16:26:32
well at every hearing law enforcement has a whole list of people they prosecuted and a list of crimes they supposedly committed based on KYC laws.  the US has an entire department of lawyers at FinCEN that does that.  Then we have the other people who simply argue like you do and they have little or no facts to support that so the argument is lost.  Now if you came in with list of abuses and said things have to change then you can have a good argument.
@_date: 2016-06-11 11:58:44
I mean you have to breath air, get food, keep your body at certain temperature, etc.  "Free as a bird" is a misnomer because they have to constantly fly around to get food or they die.  Now if you want to say some of the freedoms we do have are being stifled by overregulation then I agree with that.  
@_date: 2016-06-10 00:29:30
The term "anti-statist" makes no sense.  Normal people think there are good things and bad things about governments.  The people who claim to be "anti-statist" are generally kooks who claim they are anti-statist yet they use the Internet, fly in planes, use US dollars, etc. all the time.   Now if you say the government has too much control and Bitcoin is one way to circumvent that then I believe you 100% and I fully agree.  I can't stand the people who turn it into some Alex Jones-like conspiracy theory and I want no association with those people in any way as they are an embarrassment to themselves and to Bitcoin.    
I saw the guy from the Niskanen Foundation on Stossel recently.  He explained how all these extremists and wackos damage the cause of preserving liberty by making nonsense arguments.  People like Ver and Vorhees have just latched onto the technology as a way of promoting their fantasy nonsense and the vast majority of the potential users will never agree with their message.
@_date: 2016-06-24 17:08:16
"Backed" means that if the exchange rate goes to zero you still have something.  Decentralized systems cannot be "backed" by anything or they won't be decentralized anymore.  You can come up with the kooky cultist saying but they just make Bitcoiners look like they don't understand what they are talking about.
@_date: 2016-06-29 11:20:55
LOL.  Is there anyone in Bitcoin you have not labeled as a "troll"?  When are you going to outgrow that teenager stuff?  Do you call all your Fincen clients "trolls" and sit there spouting conspiracy theories about their business ... or do you just do that on reddit?
@_date: 2016-06-15 00:07:34
No, that is a measure of it performing as a commodity.  Trying talking to an economist instead of circle-jerking and repeating nonsense you read here.  Outsiders who read this think all Bitcoiners are scammers as it is obvious to anyone that Bitcoin is not yet performing well as a currency.  
@_date: 2016-06-09 11:12:21
The guy is an ignorant agenda troll, who cares what he says?  All he does is post nonsense because he thinks it will advance his fantasy agenda.  Kooks like him think they are promoting Bitcoin when all they are doing is pushing the majority of potential users away.  Bitcoin is a great technology and it is unfortunate that so many agenda trolls are screwing it up.
@_date: 2016-06-10 22:46:53
No, you just don't want to admit the logical conclusions of your agenda since it is ridiculous.  To compensate for that you come up with all these nonsense arguments to say it is not really that way.  in any case since I got involved in Bitcoin I have learned to hate all these anarcho-people and all the nonsense they spew.  I would not care except they constantly spread misinformation about Bitcoin because they are promoting an agenda and not Bitcoin.  They have just latched onto Bitcoin because people don't listen to their message so they want to try to associate their agenda with a technology.  then they want to say everyone who uses Bitcoin agrees with their entire agenda which is very far from the truth.
@_date: 2016-06-10 00:33:45
@_date: 2016-06-30 05:41:15
That is ridiculous.  You are a crackpot who has no contact with the general public.  I already pointed you to the Niskanen Foundation.  They routinely explain how poorly constructed arguments like you just gave do not advance the cause you are trying to promote.  Most potential Bitcoin users are not against all AML laws.  people are against some laws that are overburdonsome but they certainly are not against all of them.  the people who go around saying all AML laws are "immoral" comprise a ting fraction of 1% of the population.  Just because you seek out these people does not mean everyone thinks that way.  As usual, the only response from people like you is to try to censor the information and shoo people away.  You are a wing nut and a fool who will never win over the majority no matter how many stupid posts you make.
As for Etherium, I don't know what you are talking about.  The only comments I ever made about etherium are that people involved cannot come up with real world explanations about how these smart contracts will work.  I don't see the point of having a decentralized system that sits on top of centralized systems.  Face it, you are insane.  look at your web site, that says it all right there.
@_date: 2016-06-26 01:49:49






So Bitcoin is a secret cult? 
@_date: 2016-06-09 13:04:05
Bitcoin is based on greed to operate securely.
@_date: 2016-06-14 23:32:30
I understand that.  I also understand that Bitcoin is still not performing well as a currency.
@_date: 2016-06-30 15:09:07
You don't care because (a) you don't have a business and (b) you probably don't care about Bitcoin, you care about some fantasy political agenda.  
@_date: 2016-06-14 04:09:54
So you don't like reputation systems?   lol.  You are a joke and you don't even know it.
@_date: 2016-06-26 21:21:13
Oh sure.
@_date: 2016-06-15 02:42:58
Those are in the context of comparing established currencies.  I already explained that.  You can go back to posting "HODL", "Bitcorn," and "Gentlemen" now. 
@_date: 2016-06-28 21:22:41
huh?  I didn't say anyone paid you to troll, you sometimes post stupid stuff to get attention and you have developed a skill at it.  In the early days you said stuff because you thought you were correct and that was much more interesting.  Now I don't usually pay attention to what you say anymore.  Same with AA, I stopped listening to him when he said he was kick specific miners off the network.  
@_date: 2016-06-30 04:37:09
In 2013 I set up list of vendors selling food for Bitcoin.  In 2015 I updated the list and found about 1/3 no longer accepted Bitcoin.  There were a few new ones but not enough to make up for the ones who dropped out.  Meanwhile, some people are claiming "exponential growth" in the Bitcoin economy.  
The price tank comes because most of the people who do all this posting hardly buy anything with Bitcoin except maybe on Bitcoin Black friday.  The merchants will tell you it can be months between Bitcoin sales and most sales are on Black Friday.  under those circumstances the price tanks that day (or at least it did a couple years ago).
@_date: 2016-06-15 01:25:02
In other words, no you don't read anything outside of here.  If you don't cringe every time you look at Reddit or Bitcointalk then there is something wrong with you.
@_date: 2016-06-11 13:39:56
You are exactly the kind of fool the Niskanen Foundation describes as damaging the movement.  You are a cultist so you will just ignore that and keep going.  let me know when your candidates win and election.  lol
@_date: 2016-06-11 20:27:22
Vorhees claims the intent of the sponsors of the Bitlicense is to spy on people.  The actual intent was that Lawsky wanted to make a name for himself so he could have post-government employment.  His line of reasoning is almost always wrong on these issues because he does not understand what motivates the regulators.  As a result most of his arguments are flawed so he gets nowhere making his objections other than to get upvotes from circle-jerkers.  His political agenda is more important to him than advancing Bitcoin.  On the other hand Jerry Brito and Jim Harper provided much better arguments against it.  I worked for a regulatory agency for 27 years and lived in DC for 9 years.  You have to understand the motivations of your enemy before you fight battles and most of the prominent Bitcoiners have a lack of experience in those issues and they won't listen to anyone because they think that because they discovered Bitcoin that they know everything.  That Vorhees character has limited experience yet he goes around giving everyone "pro tips" with some arrogant smirk on his face.  I can't stand him.
@_date: 2016-06-14 23:43:43
It is not performing well as a currecy at all as it is still difficult to buy stuff directly with Bitcoin.  
As for the second sentence, it is really offensive how you try to twist the agenda thing.  As I have told you several times I could not care less about your kooky agenda.  the problem is that you misrepresent Bitcoin because you are promoting your agenda and not Bitcoin so you don't care about lying about things.  Bitcoin is not yet performing well as a currency and that needs to be fixed and pretending it is not true is not good.  In this case you would rather try to attack me with some kind of lie rather than state the real problem which is that generally businesses don't see a need yet to accept Bitcoin.  Instead of working on changing that you lust lie about it.  That is why I hate you and your agenda.  If you would promote your agenda in the proper place I would not care at all.  But you don't, you come to Bitcoin forums to promote your crap and pretend you are promoting Bitcoin.  I support an agenda of freedom.
You also go around giving people "pro tips" all the time when you have limited experience and knowledge (and I am sure you do it with your trademarked arrogant attitude).  That is another reason why I hate you and your attitude.
As for taking issue with Math, I have a master's degree in physics from Rutgers and you have a degree in political science from someplace called Puget Sound U.  I think I know a little more about math than you.  Your discussion has nothing to do with math, it is about lying about Bitcoin performing as a currency when you are discussing the commodity aspect.
I suggest you check out the Niskanen Foundation who recently appeared on Stossel.  they discussed how people like you are damaging the freedom movement by making poorly constructed arguments.
@_date: 2016-06-10 18:48:38
You win again!  (except for elections, of course).  Every time I run into someone like you I always think of that Robot Chicken episode about libertarian presidential candidates.
@_date: 2016-06-30 15:07:44
I don't know what you are talking about but any system has holes.  The argument that you can pick out some holes, therefore, the whole system should be abolished will never hold up.  If you say certain things should be changed then you have a more a  palatable argument.
@_date: 2016-06-10 02:42:03
You kooks think because you post some link it somehow has merit.  The links you posted are complete nonsense and only some teenagers and a few mentally ill people agree with it.  I already explained the reasoning but you are a cultist so you will just go on forever posting your links and claiming you know everything.  I have read all those things and they make no sense as I have explained.  I have been following the people in Bitcoin who always post the links you post and I found them to completely ignorant people and I want no assertions with them.  It is embarrassing when people think I am associated with these kooks just because I am involved with Bitcoin.  You are just like fundamental religious people, you have firm beliefs that make no sense and there is no discussing logic.
@_date: 2016-06-11 12:04:11
I have made millions and I am retired.  What you are talking about is overregulation.  I never could have made all that money had it not been for a certain level of regulation.  You also don't misrepresent the motivation of having regulation in the first place (a common mistake made by Eric Vorhees every time he discusses this subject, such as the Bitlicense).  It is generally not designed to protect corporate interests but it often gets morphed into that when overregulation takes over.  It is all a matter of degree.
@_date: 2016-06-30 20:30:53
Yeah, Bitcoiners are all against censorship in all its forms.  lol
@_date: 2016-06-30 04:14:34
You are correct, there is not much incentive now to transfer into Bitcoin just to make a purchase.  You might find a merchant who gives a discount because they don't have the fees/chargeback expenses but you don't get the protection.  People on here often discuss things as if everyone has to use Bitcoin or at least wants to use Bitcoin.  The way to solve this is to increase the use of Bitcoin and the entire ecosystem so Bitcoin is cheaper to use.  However, most people don't focus on these issues as they are involved in endless conspiracy theories.  any attempt to make changes to make Bitcoin more usable is met with stiff resistance and claims it will destroy Bitcoin.  Some people on here actually claim that spending Bitcoin is bad because it the merchants will sell the coins and cause the price to tank (of course if people were using Bitcoin they would also be buying more coins but that concept seems to be lost on some people).  
I agree this is a huge problem but I don't know how to solve it given that any suggestion is met with censorship and conspiracy theories.  Look at the discussion on BIP 75 (this is an innocuous optional feature that allows for refund communications in a secure channel).  Major players in Bitcoin have come out against it with crazy claims that it is enforcing KYC and that is bad.   (while that is not true, even if it were, most people agree with some level of KYC given recent world events).  
The whole situation is currently untenable but hopefully it will change as more sensible people get involved in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-06-29 21:39:27
Alex Jones would agree.  Most other people, not so much.
@_date: 2016-06-30 03:32:59
My posts are not useful to idiot cultists, only normal people.  People contact me all the time about my comments and several people have thanked me.   It is only a small group of cutists who are voracious posters who distort things.  they get upset when their circle jerk gets disrupted.
I am also the person who got the FinCEN ruling that US miners didn't have to register as money transmitters and I am the one who got the bogus BITCOIN trademark cancelled at the US patent and TM office.  Most of the cultists who complain don't do anything except complain about my posts and call me a statist.  Most of them hardly even use Bitcoin which is why you never see them post in threads where someone is selling something.  As the merchants how many of the rabid cultist posters actually buy anything.
@_date: 2016-06-10 18:33:33
I have read the things and those are the logical conclusions.  The people presenting the arguments know that is ridiculous so they try to dance around the obvious issues.  It is all total nonsense and it is not really worth discussing.  
I bet you also claim Bitcoin will end wars and all that "Bitcoin not Bombs" nonsense.   I had a public Bitcoin event one time and one guy wanted to start promoting that crap and I kicked him out and told him to get his own table.  All you need to do is follow Roger Ver closely to see how the whole thing is a load a crap promoted by mentally ill people.
@_date: 2016-06-23 17:50:26
You just described about 85% of the people who post in r/Bitcoin.  The reason is that the technology is sound even if a bunch of crackpots are promoting it.
@_date: 2016-06-30 00:38:34
LOL.  You didn't make any arguments.
@_date: 2016-06-11 20:30:40
As you point out you can't usually separate what is a government program and what is private sector as it is a complicated intermixing of things.  Since you use the term "violently controlled" and cannot get through a message without cursing most people will not listen to what you have to say and they will just write you off as a kook.  
@_date: 2016-06-30 19:37:03
Anyone who uses the Internet is automatically a "statist."  You obviously prefer it too or you would not use the Internet.  Once a person uses the word "statist" I automatically discount anything they say as some kind of kook.  The word is used by people who like to use all the infrastructure that is provided by civilization but once they see something they don't like they yell "statist."  They are just idiots, scammers, and cheaters.  
@_date: 2016-06-14 00:53:36
What is the difference between and "appeal to authority" and a "reputation system"?  (other than whether you like the results?)
[You are one of the cultists who claims Bitcoin can the "world's primary currency" when that is not technically possible for such a thing to happen as the developers have explained many times.] 
@_date: 2016-06-11 21:43:14
Most people want tax cheats put in jail ... and I agree.  If that did not happen then most people would not pay taxes and society would collapse.   Preserving society is more important that your personal political views.  The way you word things people will just write you off and not listen to anything you have to say.  That is the reality of the world we live in.  
@_date: 2016-06-11 14:58:38
I don't like any of the candidates. 
@_date: 2016-06-15 02:25:06
I think I would be upset if "simon says die" does not think I am a kook. lol.  
@_date: 2016-06-09 16:52:12
In other words you don't understand how Bitcoin is secured.  It is secured by miners looking to make money and the whole system depends on that.  You cultists seems to get dumber every day.
@_date: 2016-06-09 13:02:12
None of your posts appear to come from an adult so it is unclear how you will judge the responses.  
I stopped reading once I see the term "statist."  All you want is a private club of like-minded weirdoes and you go around making fun of other people who know more than you and have accomplished more.  Going around offending people and calling them ignorant and stupid is no way to promote something for mass adoption.  These types of posts do nothing to advance Bitcoin.  It is just fodder for circle-jerkers. 
There certainly are models where you can have a permissioned blockchain without a token.  Those systems are completely different than Bitcoin and have a different purpose but that does not make it automatically wrong.  It is easy to spot a cultist when this subject comes up.  A real technologist or entrepreneur would come up with all types of scenarios where such a system might be used.  A cultist will sit around making fun of those people and claim their way is the one and only way.  That is because those "Bitcoin fundamentalists" see Bitcoin as a religion rather than a technology.  Whenever I see your posts I thing of the people who go to the wailing wall in Jerusalem.  
@_date: 2016-06-11 02:02:02
I already explain that an unregulated marketplace is just as problematic as an over-regulated marketplace.  
As for misinformation, listen to the archives Stephany Murphy of Let's Talk Bitcoin.   She has been claiming "exponential growth" for years when the increase in linear.  How about Roger Ver claiming Bitcoin will end wars with some screwball argument that government can no longer print money to fund wars as if that is the only thing they do.  Then there is Eric Vorhees who claims Bitcoin will replace the US dollar and people will flock to it like lifeboats when all the world's currencies collapse.  The technical limitations alone make that impossible as the developers often point out.  Then there those people at the Wackymoto "Foundation" who claim to know all of Satoshi's intentions from a few posts on Bitcointalk.  Then there are people who claim Bitcoin is faster, cheaper, etc. when in fact you trade off speed and expense for decentralization.  Then there are the blockchain people who claim everything can done via blockchain.  If you have a decentralized system sitting on top of a centralized system (like property ownership) then a court, for example, can change the ownership regardless of what some blockchain says.  Then there people who claim these DAO's will do all sorts of things when any company consists of people who live in jurisdictions and what it says on a blockchain doesn't matter.  Those are just a few of the examples where people distort Bitcoin because it fits their agenda.  When new people get involved in Bitcoin they hear all this nonsense, use it themselves, find out it is not true, and they drop out thinking all Bitcoiners are scammers.  I think Bitcoin is a great invention with many uses and I hate being associated with ignorant agenda pushers and scammers who spend all their time spreading misinformation.  
Nobody using the Internet is really "anti-statist" or they would not use it.  It is just buzzwords for circle-jerkers.
@_date: 2016-06-10 22:51:12
you win another argument.  You offend 99.9% of the population and damage Bitcoin's reputation and make it weaker but you won the argument.  But that stuff does not matter, only your fantasy agenda matters.
@_date: 2016-06-24 11:36:31
Nobody says Bitcoin has no value because it is backed by people.  Stop posting this garbage.
@_date: 2016-06-23 01:35:11
To a certain extent in some ways.  For the most part, no.  People want centralized banking services, including Bitcoiners who want things like Mt. Gox and Coinbase.  People also want loans, investments, etc. and Bitcoin cannot do that.
Bitcoiners also want government regulation backed by "violence" when it suits them which is why so  many Bitcoiners complain to authorities when their mining equipment doesn't get delivered.  Even Roger Ver filed lawsuits against other Bitcoiners such as Amir Taaki.  The stuff these people spew about a voluntary society is all a scam.  it is also a scam to claim Bitcoin can replace other financial instruments when all you can do is transfer value.
@_date: 2016-06-10 22:48:55
private sector options have a whole series of problems as well such as cutting off customers who are not profitable.
@_date: 2016-06-29 18:17:19
Solve the BIP 70 attacks I believe
@_date: 2016-06-15 22:19:49
You people are just like religious fundamentalists.  Total nut jobs and nothing can be explained to them.  
Merchants are not "silly," they are there to make money, not participate in your crazy cult.
@_date: 2016-06-14 00:54:40
The stuff they are saying is factually incorrect.  just because a bunch of circle-jerkers sit around all day repeating nonsense over and over does not make it true.
@_date: 2016-06-12 18:16:00
A person with an education.  
@_date: 2016-06-12 19:16:03
You are the one trying to damage Bitcoin.   You spew all these crazy conspiracy theories and people don't want to get involved.  Mike Hearn is a very intelligent person who understands Bitcoin much more than you.  He just got frustrated dealing with kooks like you which I fully understand.  Stop posting misinformation and get some education so you are not a fool your entire life.
@_date: 2016-06-15 02:46:55
In the context of Bitcoin, which is not yet established, it is important to keep this distinction clear.  If this was the only issue then it would be nitpicking but it is the context of a massive amount of misinformation.  I only visit here every few weeks now and every time I do I can't believe the massive amount of misinformation.  I usually just latch onto one thing and once I see "Roger Ver" and "Eric Vorhees" in the same thread title I could not help but to respond.  I just cringe every time I see them associated with Bitcoin and I can't help myself.
@_date: 2016-06-15 01:23:42
It is an obvious false claim that has been called out by many people.  he knows it is false but keeps doing it to get points from circle jerkers.  perceptions will change over time it is just the agenda trolls like Vorhees make things much more difficult.
@_date: 2016-06-11 01:44:15
That is just a straw man argument that is pointless.  Many things are better being done by the private sector but there are also many things that are not.  Both systems have their benefits and drawbacks and it is often a complex analysis which changes over time.  My opinion is that government should be reduced by about one third (not three thirds).  The problem is that it is next to impossible to end useless programs for political reasons and that is the crux of the problem.
@_date: 2016-06-11 12:09:50
I am going to any stupid "anarchy platform" as it is for fools.  I am explained a long running debate between libertarian groups such as the free state project.  There is a faction who wants to take a reasonable approach and they argue with the extremists who want to take an unreasonable approach.  You don't even understand the debates between factions of the groups you say you are associated with.  Get some education before you post.
If you want a good example from a Bitcoiner you can look at the video about that lady who writes the Daily Decrypt.  This is an example of people making the movement look silly:  
@_date: 2016-06-26 16:51:08


@_date: 2016-06-30 01:29:07
I don't even pay attention to which forum I am in.  they are both run by kooks and full of cringeworthy and useless posts.  The academic paper speaks for itself.  What are your credentials?
@_date: 2016-06-30 02:08:45
An academic paper is a paper written to explain something.  It is unlike the Reddit posts and tweets which you generally rely upon.  There is a list of Bitcoin papers at 
if you have any questions about BIP's I would recommend Coin center since they can explain things without all the agenda nonsense, political posturing and scamming that you see here.
@_date: 2016-06-15 00:01:19
OK, explain why I am a "troll."  What information am I spreading that I know is untrue?  Or do you just use the term when you don't like the facts?
@_date: 2016-06-29 21:41:18
Have you ever run a business that takes payments from people?
@_date: 2016-06-30 00:06:05
Normal people will use both depending on the specific circumstances on what they are doing.  You can't dispute a Bitcoin transaction and there are many cases where people want that service and are willing to pay for it.
@_date: 2016-06-29 18:13:34
AA and Todd just like to try to get attention so there is no serious analysis to prove the claim.  That is why they use twitter and reddit instead any kind of serious analysis.
See the paper on possible attacks to BIP 70.  
A list of academic papers is at 
@_date: 2016-06-29 21:44:16
Tood is bright but he uses his ability to attention troll the cultists instead of providing a reasonable analysis. 
@_date: 2016-11-07 17:25:33
You are a kook that thinks posts and karma on reddit are important.  OK lol.
in any case anyone who has followed Bitcoin developers knows your statement is ridiculous.  Not that I agree with a kook like Ver nor do I think all the developers are irrational but I have seen some weird stuff over the years from some of the developers.  
one of the worst things I see is the use of "security theater" instead of actual security requirements.  Such as the issues with gavin.  
@_date: 2016-06-14 21:58:23
Why would they hire an agenda troll like you who has no technical ability, limited education, crazy theories about Bitcoin replacing the USD and ending wars, and zero experience in policy issues?  Just today you claimed Bitcoin is the "best performing currency" and then you go on to describe Bitcoin being used as a commodity and not a currency.  
@_date: 2016-06-12 22:44:29
I call the people spreading misinformation Bitcoin cultists because that is what they are.  This circle-jerk forum has turned into a nest of those people and it is damaging Bitcoin.  Anyone can see this kind of stuff is nonsense and it drives them away.
@_date: 2016-06-15 11:10:46
They are not getting an education, they are repeating nonsense that is posted over and over.  
@_date: 2016-11-07 16:55:43
I look at things like merchant adoption and public interest.  I have seen similar cultist claims like you are putting forth for years.  Most of the people here are not legitimate Libertarians, they are kooks who make fun of legitimate Libertarians for not being extreme enough.  That market for them  is saturated as far as Bitcoin is concerned and it makes it difficult to expand to other potential markets.  It is somewhat like a large group of unruly teenagers who hang at the mall and drive most of the paying customers away.
@_date: 2016-11-25 14:08:44
unfortunately with all the childish nonsense that goes on here many people who were previously involved in Bitcoin "don't care" anymore.
@_date: 2016-11-25 16:06:51
Check in now and then.  Let's see, cringeworthy posts, cultist nonsense taken as fact, unemployed goofballs sitting around making fun of educated people and people with jobs, claims that some new feature will somehow solve the problem with adoption, pathetic offerings on the one-day-a-year Bitcoin shopping day.  I don't see much advancement and it is pretty boring.  It is still the case that almost nobody here focuses on Bitcoin's true advantages and use cases and they just ramble on about agenda-driven nonsense.    
@_date: 2016-11-07 16:43:30
That is fine, but post in your discussion boards that discuss those issues and have fun instead of trying to push the crap on everyone else by spamming discussion boards.  At any given time at least half the posts here are agenda spam that is only distantly associated with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-06-28 21:12:22
Oh, yes, all your "high-paying" fincen clients?  You mean the ones who would never hire you or give you a security clearance if they saw all the conspiracy theories you post?  Of course I don't have any high-paying clients, I already made enough so I don't have to work anymore. 
Actually I had quite a number of worthwhile things to say.  I am one who suggested the developers adopt a systems engineering approach to stop attention trolls like you from using reddit and Twitter to do your attention trolling in place of a scientific analysis.  
I have actually been following your stuff for years.  Your talks used to be good until you started to do the attention trolling and posting stuff for the sole purpose of getting upvotes on reddit.  
@_date: 2016-11-07 18:26:09
Great reply.  lol.  The guy who run Niskanen was talking about people just like you.  You are selfish because you don't care about Bitcoin, you only care about your fantasies. 
@_date: 2016-11-07 17:16:16
Bitcoin is a great technology, why should I leave just because a few ignorant mouth-foaming cultists sit around posting agenda spam on reddit all day? 
@_date: 2016-11-07 16:18:33
Because the cultists distort the true value of Bitcoin.  If you talk to people who are not that familiar and think Bitcoin is bad you will find out the reasons are often associated with the fantasy political agenda many here try to attach to Bitcoin.  The problem is that most Bitcoiners discuss Bitcoin with other Bitcoiners and not the general population (which many here consider "sheeple").
@_date: 2016-11-07 18:35:40
Satoshi was involved in those things and they all have interesting points.  the problem comes with the extremists and ridiculous positions taken by many of the people you see post here.  he dropped out when he started getting into disputes with those people.
You cannot have capitalism without a set of rules that is enforced.  Anyone who was run a business knows that (yes, overregulation is a problem too).  I have thought all this through and looked at the discussions and I have come to the conclusion that the people calling themselves "anarcho-whatver" are a collection of ignorant people, weirdoes, mentally ill people, criminals, and cheaters who want to use all the infrastructure and then not pay their fair share.  they have no system or solutions, they have a collection of meme's, "fallacy" posts, and quotes about irrelevant stuff.
@_date: 2016-06-10 18:28:17
I worked for the federal government for 27 years, 9 years in DC.  Sure it is inefficient, but so is Verizon, Comcast, AT&amp;T, etc.  The problem with the government is that it is next to impossible to end useless programs.   However, in general people want the government services and they keep asking for more.
As for USPS, I can send a letter thousands of miles away for less than a dollar and it almost always gets there.  As for the DMV, just try to implement a similar program in the private sector and see what happens.  Even if you are correct it does not matter because people are not buying what you are selling.  I live in NJ and people want the government to swoop in with helicopters if they see a candy wrapper on the beach. 
@_date: 2016-11-07 16:23:16
I'm not even sure of the difference (nor do I care so don't waste time answering) Those are both insults.  The absolute dumbest one is an "anarcho-capitalist" since anarchy and capitalism can't really exist together (again, don't bother posting some stupid "fallacy" link as I no longer have the patience to hear the stupid explanations).
@_date: 2016-11-07 17:21:09
Another kook posting fallacy links again.  The idea I posted is not a fallacy, it is your analysis of what I said which is ignorant.  
Bitcoin adoption is about an ecosystem that includes merchant adoption, exchanges, use by consumer, use for money transfers and use for other related goods and services like Bitcoin 2.0 products.  
The cultists are the ones spreading misinformation because the Bitcoin that we have doesn't always fit their agenda so they lie. 
@_date: 2016-11-07 18:36:36
you proved my point.  Nobody cares about reddit votes except kooks.
@_date: 2016-11-04 16:42:22
No, it is just someone spamming Reddit with stupid posts.
@_date: 2016-11-07 18:28:45
Most of things have little or nothing to do with Bitcoin unless the world were to switch over Bitcoin and there is no basis for that.  The implication that it does is one reason why many Bitcoin agenda-pushers look ridiculous.
@_date: 2016-11-07 17:09:00
The political discussion is about how Bitcoin can be used, not what it is.  The problem comes in when the people involved in the political issues distort what Bitcoin is when it doesn't fit their political agenda.  That is why you see all sorts of misinformation on here, the Bitcoin wiki, etc.  People use Bitcoin for themselves and they see many of the things told to them were false and they end up dropping out and they think the whole thing is a scam.  
You can easily spot one these cultists because they will have some sort of story about how Satoshi agrees with them and they will have some complicated story on how the message in the genesis block "proves" all kinds of stuff that just happens to coincide with their agenda.  Ver claims to get hacked by the same hacker who attacked satoshi, satoshi Dice, satoshi roundtable, Satoshi as a founding member of the Foundation, etc. etc.  This is because the fantasy political agenda people are trying to push does not stand on its own merit so have to try to latch onto the reputation of people like satoshi.  It you listen to these people your are certain to come away with a distorted view of Bitcoin that does not match reality (such as "It breaks all the 20th century myths of money, banking, and the state"  LOL).  
@_date: 2017-12-10 13:15:30
You are coming off as a goofball teenager who likes to go around calling people stupid.  "those metals had no intrinsic value. Those metals may be used for other purposes, but gold was never the metal of choice because of its conductivity."  Those metals have intrinsic value because they can be used for other purposes.  like I said, you don't understand the definition of "intrinsic value" which means you can sell it for something even if the investment value goes to zero.  You also don't understand "decentralization" because the tokens cannot have intrinsic value while keeping the system decentralized.
You are one of the clueless moron cultist that goes around calling people stupid while having no clue what you are talking about.  All you do is repeat circle jerk nonsense without thinking about what you are actually saying.  Instead of taking the time to look up the definition and understanding an issue you just rant on with more postings.  I can't stand people like you.  All you do is make Bitcoiners look like a bunch of idiots and scammers.
I also have a master's in physics and I can tell you there is not much difference in conductivity of gold, silver, and copper.  The issue is mostly oxidation and corrosion as well as cost.
@_date: 2016-11-07 20:37:43
Thank you annoying teenager
@_date: 2016-11-25 16:29:38
You can look back to his court documents and subsequent interviews long before Bitcoin existed to see that.  
@_date: 2016-11-07 17:27:31
You are correct, Bitcoin has no agenda.  it is a technology.  Just like the telescope had no agenda to destroy religion when it was invented.  I wonder if anyone still thinks the telescope is a political/religious invention?
@_date: 2016-06-09 13:12:40
There is evidence that he had a dissatisfaction with centrally controlled systems.  I think most people feel that way when they deal with banks/governments etc.  it is unfortunate that many of the cultists are not satisfied with that as that is a great selling point for using Bitcoin.  Instead, they come up with all sorts of hyperbolic nonsense and conspiracy theories in an Alex Jones way and make the whole thing look ridiculous when it is, in fact, a very important invention.
My impression if that the main cause for Satoshi to drop out was because of these people distorting things.
@_date: 2016-11-07 16:50:53
What I did was set up a Bitcoin information table at a non-technology even.  people do discuss circumventing banks and they like that idea and they are confused by the technology.  However, many people also roll their eyes when the agenda topic comes up and many people have cited that as a reason they don't bother getting into it.  many people who did get into it for a short time because they were interested in the technology dropped out because of all the agenda stuff attached to it or because they found out the agenda pushers were giving them misinformation.  This is Bitcoin's biggest problem right now, keeping people interested.  I have even talked to people who worked for Bitcoin companies in the past and have completely dropped out of Bitcoin.  That would not happen except for the agenda pushers making Bitcoin distasteful.
@_date: 2016-11-07 16:40:31
Your post is exactly what I mean.  It is just cultist circle-jerk crap that gets posted over and over thousands of times and never addresses reality (the good and the bad).  
@_date: 2016-11-07 20:44:49
Bitcoin is good under a very limited set of circumstances.  For most use cases it is not optimal at all.  You have an agenda and you lie about what Bitcoin can do because telling the truth won't fit with your agenda. For instance, Bitcoin has issues with fungibility because allegedly stolen or other tainted coins can be traced.   Bitcoin is "scarce" but anyone can start a new crypto anytime and people often buy into it so it doesn't solve that either. You can avoid the fed but you have to deal with a tiny group of developers so it just transfers the problems to a different entity.  the list goes on and on.  Not that Bitcoin cannot solve some problems but it is not some panacea that the cultists claim.  Anyone who uses Bitcoin even now and then can see many of the claims you see posted here daily are completely false yet they still get upvoted.  In some cases the developers say stuff is nonsense but people just keep posting the same cultist drivel over and over as if posting it thousands of times will make it true.
@_date: 2016-11-07 17:31:42
In Bitcoin there is a great example which is the interview of Preston Byrne on let's Talk Bitcoin.  Preston is a legitimate libertarian who was harassed by many Bitcoiners and one Bitcoiner said hhe should be hanged for not being libertarian enough.
A general example is the Niskanen Foundation who are legitimate Libertarians.  they recently appeared on Stossel to discuss how the extremists drive many people away from liberty movements by presenting poorly constructed arguments.  the discussion wasn't specifically about Bitcoin but the ideas he discussed applies to many of the people posting here.
@_date: 2016-11-07 12:36:35


LOL. I guess you don't use the Internet much.
@_date: 2016-11-07 20:47:13
Most of those things have a set of rules and central authorities but they are just in a different form.  it is true you can have dispute resolution outside the normal court process but that type of system has all sorts of problems as well.  You are just trading one set of problems for another.
@_date: 2016-11-07 18:37:52
you need to get some real views first.  all you do is repeat nonsense you read on circle jerks.
@_date: 2016-11-07 16:58:44
Another Bitcoin weirdo chimes in.  
@_date: 2016-11-07 12:26:56


If that were true then Bitcoin would be much more widely adopted by now.  What you have is a bunch of cultists who try to associate Bitcoin with some kind of fantasy agenda, essentially political cosplay, which has no chance of being accepted by the majority of people.  It is too bad because it takes away from the true benefits of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-08-19 13:13:09
Actually I am buying back the coins I sold when the cultists claimed that Bitcoin can be used now as a replacement currency  and store of value for Greeks.  Now I bought them back when these "bitcoin is splitting" stories come out.  
I will tell anyone that Bitcoin has some great use cases but it is designed for decentralization, not a replacement for other types of financial instruments.  I also think these developer disputes will work out.  If people want to flip out anyway and cause the price to change I am going to profit from it.  
@_date: 2015-08-19 03:15:22
I am too busy panic buying.
@_date: 2015-08-10 00:38:18
They don't care about being true to the original idea, they care about what is going to be done now and why it is needed today.  
@_date: 2015-08-11 05:54:04
If that is their new wallet then they can't spend their bitcoins with anyone else.  If they want spendable bitcoins they have to use the same rules as the people accepting the bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-08-19 03:30:21


What do you think people have to use Reddit?  Try choosing not using Reddit that much (just like Bitcointalk).  These types of things never seem to scale well, they become obsolete.
@_date: 2015-08-15 17:39:14
I really don't know what it will mean in the end.
@_date: 2015-08-19 13:14:39
You can also remind me that I started buying/mining when Bitcoin was sub-$20 and I sold many when it was post-$1,000.
@_date: 2015-08-11 04:31:33
Your lack of understanding is astounding.
@_date: 2015-08-10 00:43:44
"trustlessness," like decentralization, is not an absolute but rather a continuum.  You would discuss levels of truslessness rather than whether something is trustless or not.  You always have to trusts some things at some level. 
@_date: 2015-08-10 00:32:34
That is what many here people say.  It is a great way to keep Bitcoin weak. 
@_date: 2015-08-11 05:51:40
No, his arguments are usually nave and incorrect.  Further, he uses Bitcoin to promote his agenda and often misrepresents Bitcoin in the process.  He is the Al Sharpton of Bitcoin and I cringe the same way whenever I hear either one of their names.
@_date: 2016-11-07 16:24:19
Yes, this happens to many people.  They get bored and drop out of Bitcoin altogether even though it is just the agenda nonsense they are tired of.  Makes Bitcoin weaker.
@_date: 2015-08-09 10:50:58
All the stupidity I see from Bitcoin cultists used to be amusing but now it is getting ridiculous.  If you want adult info about Bitcoin regulation listen to Coin Center.
@_date: 2015-08-09 00:00:01
Please, the guy is a cultist who spouts nonsense.  Even when I agree with his position his reasoning is always wrong.
@_date: 2015-08-11 04:35:29
I like the people who waive their hand and say Bitcoin development is "decentralized" because anyone can fork the code ... and then fail to mention that incompatible forks could make their bitcoins worthless.  It is way of spotting people who treat Bitcoin as a religion rather than a technology.
@_date: 2015-07-10 10:48:43
Great, coinbase is currently not processing deposits.  they say:  


the transactions already had 6 confirmations so it is a Coinbase issue, not an issue with the "blockchain"
@_date: 2015-07-10 23:54:39
Yes, according to Coinbase.  they showed a list of a large number of signups and a small number completed the link to a bank account and the $100 min purchase.  Since they were links from banner ads I have no way of knowing who signed up or how many.  Coinbase would still not pay automatically on the ones they claimed to have followed the guidelines in about 50% of the cases.  Once I argued with them they finally paid but I had to go to several support personnel and I had to put up insinuations that I was trying to scam them over $5.  
@_date: 2015-07-15 15:30:18
As I understand it ... lightning depends on trusting the other party to do things while you are communicating within a channel.   If one party does not participate then the other party can "cash out" on the blockchain.  I believe the whole process is trustless but the portion where you communicate in a channel is not.
@_date: 2015-07-10 12:28:44
Their system finally recognized the confirmations.
@_date: 2016-02-18 12:50:44
Go ahead, fork the software and mine yourself.  create a new coin and see how many places you can spend it. 
@_date: 2016-02-18 03:31:12
What are you talking about?  I probably have way more Bitcoins with you and I probably use it much more often.  just because I don't believe in crazy unrealistic theories you make all these ridiculous accusations.  This is why many people can't stand some Bitcoiners.
@_date: 2016-02-21 12:56:43
The document is not a formal road map and it is lacking many areas.  If makes the developers look very amateurish to constantly call that document a formal roadmap.  If someone wants to turn whatever document they have into a formal road then I can help as I did it for years.  If you want to claim something about "risks" then you need risk tables first and Bitcoin has none and that, along with standard definitions.  This is the first thing you do before developing a "road map."
@_date: 2016-02-24 12:17:26
The real world means things like the regulatory infrastructure, intellectual property, the needs and desires of the average consumer.  The notion that Bitcoin is immune to political and commercial influence has no basis in reality as can be seen by things like block size debate.  You are really just replacing one political system with another.  However, in this case you have Bitcoiners who lack experience in all these areas.  Basically many go around saying the system is no good but they don't even understand the system to begin with.  You can't change the world if you don't understand it.
@_date: 2016-02-12 20:32:51
While Hearn did not handle some situations well his analysis of the Bitcoin market and ecosystem is much more accurate than the things I hear from the people you hang with.  It is a shame that people with reasonable opinions get pushed out while unreasonable wing nuts are lauded as heroes.  That is why Bitcoin adoption is so slow and why some major players have dropped out.  the wing nut market is saturated as far as Bitcoin is concerned and the only way to bring in new people is to have a reasonable approach.
@_date: 2016-02-13 18:18:41
I just ordered a quart.
@_date: 2016-02-18 13:05:23
If you don't like your politician you can vote them out, you can move to a different country, you can use barter other than fiat, etc.  I don't see that as a major differentiator.  
Also, the number of shops accepting Bitcoin is related to the value of the coin so you can't separate those two issues.  
@_date: 2016-02-21 15:22:55
By "roadmap" I mean a roadmap for the technology.  For example, a high level goals could be to increase capacity while preserving decentralization.  First you need to come up with standard definitions of "decentralization" and "capacity" (both of those definitions are somewhat complicated and significant work would need to be done just to do that).  
Then you really need risk tables.  Jim harper started to that for the Foundation but that would have to greatly expanded to fit the software development issues here (again, a lot of work).
Then the roadmap would include alternatives such as SegWit, increased block size, etc.  So the roadmap could have more than one path (alternatives).  Each of these alternative has to have companion risk charts done in a somewhat standard way so they can be compared by nonexperts.  
Here is more info on the risk section that discusses advantages and drawbacks:
@_date: 2016-02-13 02:30:37
Yes, I am one of those people who lives in the real world.  I made enough worthless fiat to retire early and work on Bitcoin.  What is the exchange rate again???  lol
@_date: 2016-02-26 05:02:16
All you ever do is respond with petty excuses.  
-You attacked Coin Center a few days ago on Reddit instead of Twitter.  
-Being subject to regulation is not the same thing as understanding regulators and how they operate.  
-I have seen regulators in action and it is clear you have no clue how they operate and you are completely ignorant to the whole ecosystem. 
-Your Facebook page accuses millions of people (including myself) involved in government of being murders and you warn people that they have to watch out or they will be murdered by us.
-Andreas is cultist looking for attention and I don't care what he says.  
-People who don't agree with your extreme nut case position are not all "pro regulation."
-The EFF has not focused on Bitcoin or the surrounding issues and they work with Coin Center, they do not attack them like you do.  You are using the EFF to promote your agenda just like you use Bitcoin.  
-The Bitcoin Foundation has a strong political leaning that coincides with your small group of associates such as Ver and Vorhees.  Bitcoin promotion is essentially nonexistent at this point and you are putting in your personal funds so you can use the Foundation to promote your personal agenda.  
@_date: 2016-02-25 23:46:20
Huh?  All they do is say there is a problem with government so The "state must be destroyed."  Vorhees goes around saying "I don't worship the State."  Fenton goes around telling people they are more likely to be killed by their government (which implies. apparently, that it should be eliminated).  What kind of weirdo stuff is that?  They want all the benefits of society but the minute something goes wrong for them they want everything destroyed and they imply that everyone associated with normal society is some kind of criminal.  These people are totally ignorant wing nuts and I want no association with these people.
@_date: 2016-02-25 01:07:03
The twitter feed says:  "Satoshi Roundtable is a group of the leaders in the blockchain industry."
I don't know who elected the leaders and it sounds like they want to distance themselves from "Bitcoin."
I assume from these posts that Fenton runs this operation.  It is weird that the people running it try to hide who is in charge and who decides on the attendees.
@_date: 2016-02-12 20:16:43
Financial professionals went to school for that and they run a business.  They generally know much more about the financial system than most of the people who post here.  While Bitcoiners may be able to present some new ideas they have a large learning curve to be able to discuss things on their level.  If you want to be a success at Bitcoin then absorb as much information as you can from those professionals.  Then use that information to improve Bitcoin.  If you go in and say "you are all stupid and I have all the answers" then you will get nowhere.
@_date: 2016-02-25 01:52:27
What are you talking about?  She fully understands it.  
@_date: 2016-02-18 18:04:31
Many people here confuse what Bitcoin "is" with how it can be used.  Bitcoin is bits and bytes which is not political at all.  Bitcoin can be used for all sorts of political purposes but that is not what it is.  
The telescope was highly political when it was invented but nobody considers it to be political today.  the telescope has not changed, only people's perspective of it has changed.   
Mike Hearn is a technologist and when he presented a technology issue he did so without regard to the political issues.  some Bitcoiners who live their life promoting some political agenda suddenly get appalled at some of his ideas because the technology did not happen to fit into their political ideology.  
Most people want laws on how money is spent if they think it will result in greater security (maybe it will and maybe it won't but that is what people want).  The same can be seen in the world of privacy.  Privacy advocates claim people want privacy but the reality is privacy policies are some of the least read pages on the web.  people generally only care after an incident.  You need to get educated on what people actually think rather than claiming what people should think.
@_date: 2017-04-08 03:23:50
The protocol is different than the type of coin.  You can have multiple coins using the same protocol.  You have all sorts of different types of web sites that sit on top of tcp/ip.  while many people use the Google web site it is not the only system used.  
As for money and financial instruments, this Bitcoin experiment shows people want variety as they constantly put value on things other than Bitcoin such as ETH, Dash, etc., etc.  The trend is for people to use different systems depending on their need.  
People get into these circle jerks and they start making faulty arguments that Bitcoin will be the "one and only" in spite of glaring evidence that shows that is not the case.  I think the systems will be permanently in a state of flux with new systems forming and old system going out of style.  If you take this opinion as some sort of "attack" on Bitcoin then you should probably step back and think about it.  I think that situation is good for crypto and it is the natural evolution of these systems.
@_date: 2016-02-22 18:18:36
The point I am making is that many people want to use it for legal activities because of convenience or cost savings, not just to avoid regulations.
@_date: 2016-02-13 18:20:30
Yes, I should say lose it's market dominance rather than "die."
@_date: 2017-04-07 07:06:35
Oh, OK ... Bitcoin is supposed to be a charity composed of people with good faith intentions.  That isn't mentioned in the white paper.
@_date: 2016-02-25 13:45:24
I am not surprised since you attack them every change you get.  People like you and Vorhees really polarize things with all your comments.  I view you guys as Bitcoin's biggest enemy and all you guys do is sit there with smirks on your faces as if you know everything.  I think you guys like being hated by people who don't agree with your agenda.  That is why Bitcoin adoption is so slow and why banks want to separate Bitcoin from the blockchain.
@_date: 2016-02-14 01:52:21
What are your credentials?
@_date: 2016-02-17 16:43:02
True, but you also need computers, the Internet, etc. etc.  That doesn't mean people start posting threads about routers and the latest chip from intel.
@_date: 2016-02-20 11:59:12
True for Bitcoin which is established and there is value.  However, finding random errors is not the same as doing a complete security audit.  Bitcoin developer Blue Matt says only about 3 or 4 people have gone through the entire Bitcoin code extensively to look for security issues.  
@_date: 2016-02-25 18:47:02
The Foundation should just promote Bitcoin and stay out of choosing sides.
@_date: 2017-04-07 20:33:54
Maybe crypto systems in general but it seems unlikely to me that one system will do everything.  
@_date: 2016-02-24 03:54:45
Of course you do when you run your business, fly on an airplane, use the Internet, and walk down the paved street.  Then when something doesn't go your way you make all kind of accusations against people you don't know and don't understand.  You are an incredibly ungrateful person.  You should try following Jerry Brito so you can learn something about how the world operates instead of making all your nonsense proclamations that come from ignorance.
@_date: 2016-02-25 02:19:30
Fist of all you probably have no experience in interfacing with regulatory bodies so you probably have way of determining if he is or not doing a good job.  Under your logic nobody would do a good job.  What exactly do you do for a job and what experience do you have so I can judge your opinion?
@_date: 2016-02-24 23:52:38
No you don't understand everything you think you understand and your message is hyperbolic.  Lobbying is a complicated process and from what I have seen Brito does a good job.  As for the organizations giving him money they generally have an understanding what he is doing as I am sure they are not just blindly throwing him money.  In any case, it is their money.  People like Andreas, Vorhees, Fenton, etc. will get nowhere with regulators since, for one, they don't even have a basic understanding of what is going on.
@_date: 2016-02-19 18:36:02
Not always, only when enough experienced people take the time to look at it thoroughly enough.  Especially since people are not usually being paid to do that you cannot automatically assume it is secure.
@_date: 2016-02-25 23:32:42
I see arguments like this within that Free state movement.  there is a group of kooks who make everyone look stupid and then there is a group who want a reasonable approach and they fight amongst themselves.  The kooks make all the noise so nobody listens to the whole group even though there are some reasonable people involved.
@_date: 2016-02-17 16:45:16
Yes there is, there is the Satoshi white paper where people have read all sorts of things into that, Satoshi's postings to Bitcointalk, and the holiest posting of them all, the message in the "Genesis" block.  then there are the writings from the religious scholars in places like the Wiki.
@_date: 2016-02-21 12:23:39


LOL.  and whose side are you on?
@_date: 2016-02-17 21:32:02
let's describe you.  A lonely person looking for some kind of group to join to feel wanted.  You really have no clue about what is going on but you found it is popular among the group to attack me so you follow me around with these stupid comments.  At least you didn't join ISIS. lol
@_date: 2015-07-10 10:24:29
My experience with Coinbase affiliate program:
-You must argue with customer service for almost every payment.
-At least 2 customer reps accused me of trying to scam them for $5 after I have done hundreds of thousands in transactions with them.
-They keep asking you the identity and e-mail address of the people who sign up even though they were told it was a banner at a web page someone clicked and there is no way to know that info.
-They violate the privacy of the people who sign up by sending you their email address.  
-No matter how far up you go in the chain of management they never fix all the problems associated with the affiliate program or provide any kind of reasonable reply.
@_date: 2016-02-18 12:56:38
So I read the code and if I don't like something ... what can I do?
@_date: 2016-02-24 02:56:52
What exactly do you do during the day?
@_date: 2016-02-25 13:18:04
Lol.  You have been caught in a series of lies and you have no credentials so you are not credible.  
@_date: 2016-02-17 16:46:43
Yes.  A working ecosystem and economy is hard and a lot of work but it needs to be done if Bitcoin is to expand.
@_date: 2017-04-07 21:00:07


Of course they do.  Bitcoin is not a charity, it is an incentive system.  Some people think Bitcoin is socialism and that highly qualified developers and those starting businesses are supposed to work for free and do stuff for people who do nothing but post on reddit all day.  
@_date: 2017-04-07 07:12:10
You need an owner in order for that owner to license something.  Who owns the blockchain?
@_date: 2016-02-19 16:21:02
What are your credentials?  Did you write any papers?  What degrees do you have?  What jobs/experience have you had?  lol  I suspect you are some teenger with no job, isn't that really the truth?  
Also, when is the last time you even bought something with Bitcoin?  lol
@_date: 2016-02-18 03:46:16
How is it you always post that Bitcoin will dominate the financial system in threads like this yet in threads where someone is selling something for Bitcoin you never post?  Do you actually use Bitcoin that much or do you just post about it? 
@_date: 2016-02-22 05:18:33


The ultimate outcome of central banking must be that everybody goes broke borrowing fiat money that has no value.
So who issues those "basic human rights" and who enforces things if those rights are violated?  lol.  
@_date: 2017-04-26 03:20:51
Shrem never learns.  He lives in a small bubble.
@_date: 2016-02-18 17:54:43
if everyone just held Bitcoin it would be worthless.  It has value when there is a functioning economy.  Some people hold, some people spend, some people pay wages, etc.  You can't just pick one activity out of the group.
@_date: 2016-02-25 23:25:54
The Foundation should promote Bitcoin which means they should be agnostic on political issues because there are many, many people different perspectives.  The small group you hang with represents a tiny fraction of the people who could potentially use Bitcoin.  Linking Bitcoin with a radical political position that most people will never agree with is detrimental to the promotion of the Bitcoin technology.  You claim this is not true because you only associate with people within that small group and you don't care about anyone else.  
As for Coin Center, I have seen your stuff and I have seen Coin Center presentation.  It is clear to me that you have no clue how regulators works and Jerry Brito is very experienced.  Every time I see you mention Coin Center you are attacking them and claiming they were wrong.  That includes a few days ago where you attacked his tweets claiming he is wrong.  It is clear to me you are the one who is wrong but you have to stick your nose in to try to get yourself noticed.  If you were really promoting Bitcoin you would keep quiet but you are not promoting Bitcoin, you are promoting your political agenda.  
What it all boils down to is that I want to involved in Bitcoin and I invest in it but I want nothing to do with you and your little inner circle.  You treat Bitcoin like a political party and I treat it like a technology.  There are many people like me and you are trying to shut us out from Bitcoin.  People like Vorhees who go around taunting people with his arrogant little smirk are really offensive to many people.
@_date: 2016-02-12 13:35:58
Oh, I see. Only Bitcoiners are smart.   lol. 
@_date: 2016-02-21 12:52:12
There has never been a formal roadmap developed.  There are various emails and blog posts but none of them come close to a formal roadmap.  A formal roadmap has things like a scope, time horizon, risk tables, alternatives, test data, etc.  Many people who like to promote an agenda and spread a lot of misinformation don't want any formal documents because it will cramp their style of turning these things into a political football instead of a technical analysis.
An example of a formal roadmap can be found at 
@_date: 2016-02-23 23:59:06
So Bitcoiners know logic and other people do not?  lol
@_date: 2016-02-23 15:53:42
So you admit you don't understand it?  In any case you need to understand the world before you can change it.  lol.  
You have no real business or you would would promote it like most business owners.  In your case it is a "secret."  lol
@_date: 2016-02-17 06:07:44
Vorhees' has stated agenda is to replace the US dollar.  if Bitcoin gets misrepresented while he promotes his agenda he doesn't care.
@_date: 2016-02-21 12:58:30
as I posted above, there is no "roadmap,"  There are various emails and blog posting with some rough ideas that need a lot of work to turn it into what is generally considered to be a "roadmap."
@_date: 2016-02-17 21:29:56
Dreaming about completely unrealistic goals will get you nowhere.  It makes it difficult to bring in normal people when there are a bunch of people spouting nonsense and linking the idea to unpopular ideas.
@_date: 2017-04-30 14:26:24
bitcoin.org is also another privately owned web site owned by another set of kooks.  You should develop your own resources to compete instead of trying to tell other people what they should do with their assets.
@_date: 2016-02-18 03:33:52
Aren't algorithms developed by people?
@_date: 2016-02-24 02:01:20
Fist of all you need to understand the regulatory framework and how these things affect the Bitcoin ecosystem.  Then you will take the first baby step to understand what is going on.  As for Brito and Coin Center, they have a blog and many videos on Youtube.
@_date: 2016-02-22 04:42:28
More info at 
@_date: 2016-02-17 02:27:01
Yes, point taken, he brings in people who post "REKT" to Reddit.  lol.  
@_date: 2016-02-13 15:22:10
I suspect all the various cryptocurrencies will all also die at some point as new ones emerge so I don't see as a differentiation.
@_date: 2016-02-26 00:25:17
Yes, most people do not agree with my political point of view.  I would never associate it with a technology such as Bitcoin because the technology is not about promoting a political stance, it is about technology.  It can be used as a tool by people with any political stance but that is different.  It is like saying the Internet is associated with some political stance and if you use the Internet then you must agree with that stance.
@_date: 2016-02-25 13:18:37
As soon you as you stop being an ignorant cultist.
@_date: 2016-02-25 02:53:00
She wrote an article in a law review.  She did research on the possible cases that affected the decision and she did not make any claims about how it would turn out.  
@_date: 2016-02-21 13:00:02
A true roadmap will list all these alternatives along with risk tables that will compare the risks for the various alternatives in a  standard way. 
@_date: 2016-02-17 11:58:02
No, that only happens if people are not continually buying Bitcoin to use it.  That happens with events like Bitcoin Black Friday because people are not continually using Bitcoin and they just use it for specific events.
@_date: 2016-02-18 03:55:57
I am not really sure there is a fundamental difference between the way Bitcoin gets developed and the way the central banks are run.  Both systems have political figures who spent a lot of time twisting the facts to try to influence the public.  The more I watch the less I think it is different.
@_date: 2016-02-25 23:29:58
because it creates enemies where it is not necessary.  I like Bitcoin and the Bitcoin technology but I hate the political agenda that people like Fenton and Vorhees promote.  I agree that government is too large and that freedoms are eroding but these guys are so far out, ridiculous, and ignorant that I want no association with them.  
In other words I want to be involved with Bitcoin without being associated with the Buttcoiners.
@_date: 2016-02-19 01:56:26
Clueless about what?  I have not deluded myself, Rutgers gave me degrees in physics and computer science and I got jobs and started profitable businesses.  And what have you done?
@_date: 2016-02-14 02:29:25
You don't understand the points being made.
@_date: 2015-07-10 10:38:31
What does that have to do with anything?  
@_date: 2017-04-17 18:59:52
I think you are asking the wrong questions.  What is the incentive for people to increase their use of a decentralized systems?  If you can answer that then the next question is why they would want to use Bitcoin over some other system?  If you can answer that what is the incentive for developers to work on these problems instead of getting a job since they can generally command a high salary elsewhere?
@_date: 2016-02-26 00:14:11
Yes, there are many problems that need to be fixed.  However, people like Fenton and Vorhees offer no solutions, they just respond with some ignorant nonsense that results in insulting the vast majority of the population.  Someone like Preston Byrne takes a reasonable libertarian approach when promoting Bitcoin without going off the deep end and making Bitcoiners look ridiculous like these guys do.
@_date: 2016-02-17 00:15:50
"Government" is made up of numerous different entities with many different missions.  Some are concerned with criminal activity, some with investments, and others with consumer issues.  I am not aware of any part of government that is "terrified" that people will use Bitcoin.  These types of tweets are really cringeworthy and irresponsible.  There is only one word that describes people who believe this.  lol
@_date: 2017-04-29 11:39:22
Roger is a nut case and AA is the biggest troll in Bitcoin.  Why do people keep worshipping these people?  Bitcoin is about decentralization and not propping up political figures or cultist heroes.
@_date: 2016-02-17 22:03:47
That applies to all banking.
@_date: 2016-02-25 02:50:59
There are all sorts of caveats like confirmations, etc.  You can trace the coins back as well.  I expect after expert testimony (which costs money) it will get accepted as evidence.  Someone posted here recently about being an expert in a court in Miami I think.
@_date: 2016-02-18 17:25:17
And if the pull request is not accepted by the handful of people in control then what?  Create my new coin which is worthless?
@_date: 2017-04-26 03:17:18
Competing implementations, altcoins, etc. are not an "attack" on Bitcoin.  Stop trying to turn your pet peeves into security issues.
@_date: 2016-02-18 19:06:17
More government involvement in Bitcoin?
@_date: 2016-02-21 12:37:14
Hi, [Bitcoin Roundtable]( is a project of mine I am working on at my Coincepts.com site.  It has nothing to do with luke-jr or anything else in this thread.
@_date: 2016-02-18 13:11:38
You mean acting stupid is fun?  Go watch the jackass movie then.  lol
@_date: 2017-04-26 17:08:20
it is not a security issue
@_date: 2016-02-24 04:43:23
You hit the nail on the head.  Outside of Bitcoin technical issues these guys are way out of touch with the real world.
@_date: 2016-02-22 13:27:39
Yes, that just proves Bitcoin is useful.
@_date: 2016-02-18 13:01:45
You lose me one you mix political agendas with computer code.  Computer code has no politics, how people use it may be politically motivated but that is not what it is.  This is why Hearn had so much difficulty dealing with the Bitcoin crowd.  he is a technologist and he looked at things in terms of bits and bytes whereas many Bitcoiners look at things from the point of view of their political agenda.  
The people who look at Bitcoin from the point of view of their political agenda are like religious fundamentalists.  There is no point in trying to engage in a technical discussion with them because they don't look at the issues rationally. 
@_date: 2016-02-18 04:23:24
Did you get invited to Satoshi Roundtable.  lol.  There is more openness in Bitcoin type stuff but I don't see it as enough openness to create a true differentiation.     
@_date: 2016-02-25 01:27:19
You sound like a teenager.   All people like you do is drive reasonable away from Bitcoin and make it weaker.  People who follow Vorhees are generally ignorant so I guess that is to be expected.  
@_date: 2016-02-18 18:10:59
It is a combination of things.  gold is desirable for its properties for jewelry and conductivity.  Many people have adopted it as a store of value and people trade it.  Because people do all those things it maintains a value level.  Bitcoin does not have the same intrinsic value as gold.  One way Bitcoin has value is that it can be easily transacted over the Internet.  if that property is not used that much then Bitcoin's price will fall.  if people stopped using gold for jewelry and electronics then its price would also drop.  Further, gold is no longer generally used as a currency but Bitcoin was designed to be an Internet currency so you are comparing different things.
@_date: 2016-02-25 03:26:07
That's true but that does not really the issue she is discussing.
@_date: 2016-02-25 13:30:58
It is posted all over his Facebook page.  It is an agenda that 99.9% of the public will never agree with and many find offensive.  The agenda is to create a club of like-minded people which will assure the majority of the public will not use Bitcoin.  (People like Fenton believe that the whole world will agree with their entire agenda because they have some need to use Bitcoin but there is no basis for that).  
You do the same thing by going around claiming there will be some kind of apocalypse and people will flock to Bitcoin like a "lifeboat."  
@_date: 2016-02-14 22:58:55
let's not.  Why don't you explain your credentials here.  For starters I have an MS in physics and a BS in Physics and Com sci from Rutgers.  Do you have any degrees?  I also have a CISSP and I am a Certified Bitcoin Professional.  Did you even bother to get the Bitcoin certification?   What exactly have you done to have such a big mouth?  I want to hear.
@_date: 2016-02-18 20:06:50
The reasoning is that most people who read this sub realize the majority of people don't have the slightest idea what they are talking about.  Most seem to be underemployed gamers who go around acting as if they are the only ones who know anything yet they have never accomplished anything.
Now, as for your statement, as I explained to have a good economy you have to have people transacting, businesses accepting, some people saving, some people investing, some people spending, etc.  
Your crednetials have a bearing on your claim that the experts who do have credentials are insane.  maybe they are but that does not mean I should trust what you say just because they are insane. lol
@_date: 2016-02-13 01:26:25
it is like a group of unruly teenagers at the Mall.  they sit around making fun of people going to work and do little else except drive away paying customers.  They think it is good that they have group of their friends at the Mall but everyone else just sees them as an annoyance and in some places they have driven malls out of business.  The question is if Bitcoin will be driven out of business by the unruly minority who want to disrupt things for their selfish purposes.
@_date: 2016-02-21 12:21:38
What do you mean?  Andreas is a type of politician.
@_date: 2017-04-07 07:08:09


LOL.  Do people really believe this stuff?
@_date: 2016-02-25 13:37:43
Mike Hearn made a lot of sense because he treated Bitcoin as a technology and he did not allow some crazy agenda promoted by mentally ill people to influence what he said.
I work with the Libertarian Party here in NJ on their Open Government project and I support actual Libertians involved in Bitcoin such as Preston Byrne.  I just don't like ignorant crazy people who want to coopt Bitcoin to promote some kind of fantasy that make both Libertarians and Bitcoiners look ridiculous.
@_date: 2016-02-18 12:55:52
But the value of your coins also depends on the software everyone else runs.  It is more complicated than the simple explanation you are giving.  maybe it looks substantially different at first blush but once you start to see how the system works it is not really much different than political systems.  you have all these "Bitcoin politicians" trying to influence the public with misleading statements and trying to promote agendas.  
@_date: 2016-02-24 04:26:05
You are not "in Bitcoin." you are promoting a fantasy political agenda.  Bitcoin is a technology.  You are the enemy of Bitcoin technology because you want it restricted to a small number of wing nuts.
@_date: 2016-02-12 20:18:32
The way I see it you are stupid for thinking they are stupid.  they are the ones hiring Andreas and not the other way round.
@_date: 2017-04-07 20:39:01
Bitcoin is generally more expensive and slower.  You are trading off those things to get decentralization.  It is unfortunate that many Bitcoin advocates make all these exaggerated claims and they often bypass the actual reason for inventing Bitcoin.  It is there to do trustless transactions between 2 parties, not compete with credit cards or gold.
@_date: 2016-02-21 05:06:42
As he discusses in his talk it takes about a year to understand the code and the developers know the small group of people who have done that.  My agenda is to try to post some factual information instead of just making stuff up like many people here do. 
@_date: 2016-02-18 13:10:18
You are the typical Bitcoin zealot who is damaging the ecosystem.  You go around telling everyone Bitcoin will replace the financial system yet you are nowhere to be found when it is time to actually buy something with Bitcoin.  You have no credentials and apparently no education or job yet you go around telling everyone how society should be run.  Once you are challenged you throw a temper tantrum and tell people to go away.  Somehow all this childish nonsense is supposed to result in mass adoption.  lol
@_date: 2015-07-21 23:14:05
It is my understanding Gavin controls the Bitcoin core repository 100%.  He permits others to have control but he can revoke that control.  Maybe that understanding is incorrect but different people have explained it differently so there is no way to know who is correct.
@_date: 2016-02-17 22:02:42
oh, ok, so the banks are collapsing because some dude released an app and wrote an article on medium.com.  lol
@_date: 2016-02-23 03:11:15
You are such a weirdo.  Have fun with your fantasy "Foundation."
@_date: 2016-02-13 05:28:47
You know who I am.  I asked you a question, what are your credentials?  Is that too hard of a question?
@_date: 2017-04-17 19:01:31
Maybe ... but you will always have debates over competing systems and people wanting to fork Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-02-22 04:44:35
Only in Bitcoin is asking for someone's credentials after they make all sort of claims "stalking."  I will have to apologize though ... to teenager because many of them have more credentials than you.  So when will you be a teenager?
@_date: 2016-02-25 18:54:02
I don't see it that way.  The fact I invest much less than I other would because I don't trust the judgment of some the people involved such as yourself.
As for your revisionist history of the Bitclicense I don't agree with what you say.  Also, from what you say it is clear you don't have a reasonable understanding of regulators and Brito does.  in any case if you were actually promoting Bitcoin as you claim you would stay pretty much neutral.  You don't do that which is why I don't want to be associated with your activities.
Your numerous Internet posting are somewhat similar to sacrificing goats as I see it.  You come off as incredibly ignorant and someone I would never associate with.  You are not even close to the average person and it is amazing that you believe that.  You are more like a fraction of 1 percent.  All the people like you are already involved in Bitcoin for the most part so your agenda pushing will not bring any new people in.
@_date: 2016-02-22 07:23:05
No, I just hang here with a bunch of nut jobs who post about bitcoin but don't use it.
@_date: 2016-02-18 03:42:14
I imagine Satoshi as a computer scientist who solved a problem and imagined how it could be used to circumvent middlemen.  Certain other groups with certain agendas want to use Bitcoin for various purposes such as pursuing various political agendas.  Those groups have goals but that is not the same things as the goal of Bitcoin itself.  Many of the people with an agenda want it to be that way to try to make their agenda sound more important.  As time goes by more and more people seem to claim Bitcoin was invented for the purpose they want to use it for.  
 
@_date: 2016-02-22 07:24:17
Looks like I insulted 12 year olds too.  So how is your "Foundation" going?  Are those jets part of your group?
@_date: 2016-02-23 03:08:48
oh sure, everyone who spends money sits around think about the political ramifications of the transactions.  You just want to promote your agenda.
@_date: 2016-02-13 15:17:18
There were too many flaws with it to go into all the details.  The point I am making is that the author got the wrong impression about Bitcoin because the expectations presented by Bitcoiners are often unrealistic.  Now it will take a lot of work to correct those misunderstandings.
@_date: 2016-02-21 15:54:34
Why do you go around making these comments?  The time horizon is an essential part of any roadmap as anyone who studies systems engineering knows.
@_date: 2016-02-25 14:32:07
You always pretend it does not matter and I find that strange.  Several people have expressed displeasure with those issues both publicly and privately to me.  One attorney said he cringed when he heard you chosen to head up the Foundation.  Whether your views are more or less radical than political candidates is really a ridiculous point to make and a poor excuse.
You like to see yourself as part of some sort of exclusive club.  Vorhees is the same way.  He has some crappy degree from a crappy university and he goes around acting like he is some kind of expert and acts all arrogant all the time.  Promoting Bitcoin for mass adoption is the opposite of creating an exclusive club.
Every public message I see from you about Coin Center is attacking them.  Just because you pretended to make nice when you met him doesn't mean much.  You attack them because your political agenda is more important to you than the success of Bitcoin.  Why don't you just run an organization to promote your political agenda?
@_date: 2016-02-25 02:08:33
I don't believe it is the same thing.  Silk Road was an overall conspiracy and it did not depend on a Bitcoin transaction to be entered into evidence.  You would need to sift through all the court documents to see how it was handled.  I suspect the transactions were not contested.
Think of a case where person A pays person B a Bitcoin to satisfy a debt.  Person A says "I paid" and here is the blockchain evidence ("Bitcoin receipt").  Person B says "I was never paid" and objects to the blockchain evidence being entered into the record.  
@_date: 2016-02-12 13:20:04
Exactly, there is no single "answer."
@_date: 2016-02-22 01:38:25
I would talk to Ed Felton's group at Princeton as well as the MIT group.  I believe they both have grad students working on Bitcoin projects.  I would contact them to possibly tie into something they are doing.  
@_date: 2016-02-13 12:59:34
This is coming from a guy who posts inflammatory stuff all over the Internet calling all government employees murderers and claiming you have a higher probably of being killed by the government than any other way. Bitcoin will not advance as long as wing nuts like Bruce Fenton have prominent positions in Bitcoin. 
His actions over at the Foundations are very telling. They place an emphasis on promoting wing nut positions with their tweets but you don't hear anything about promoting Bitcoin to merchants and consumers or educational programs. I had put together a proposal to develop some educational videos back when they had the grant program and I even made the Bitcoin.me video. I never heard back from the Foundation about it. 
He doesn't care about Bitcoin nearly as much as his wing nut political agenda. All he does is set up secret meetings with his buddies while ignoring the bulk of the potential Bitcoin users.
@_date: 2016-02-13 12:45:02
In other words you are ashamed to admit you have no credentials.  Me, I have a Master's degree in physics from Rutgers for starters.  I guess you don't have enough education to search the Internet and find out for yourself.  
@_date: 2016-02-25 01:48:40
I can safely assume you follow Alex Jones/[Bill Hicks](
@_date: 2016-02-22 05:17:56
Oh, you know people who use Bitcoin?
@_date: 2016-02-19 01:59:07
For consensus systems any changes have to be compatible with everyone else so things like Bitcoin are quite different than the normal open source projects.  if Bitcoin dpends on reddit then it is centralized. lol  Most people don't read Reddit or care about what happens here.
@_date: 2016-02-24 19:48:30
there is a metric and I explained it.  Eric Vorhees has no experience or clue about how the regulatory system operates or how it works.  Most of his comments where he tries to explain things are dead wrong.  He is just pushing his fantasy political agenda whereas Brito is promoting the Bitcoin technology. 
@_date: 2016-02-12 19:17:54
I have seen several of his talks.  He is generally much better than the people that post here but his talks still leave much to be desired.  For instance, his testimony in Canada plays well here but not so much to people who have experience.  I have also seen his emotions get away with him and claim specific miners could be kicked off the network.  So yes, at times he is reckless and he sometimes lets his political agenda get in the way of facts.  
The point is he has a lot to learn from financial professionals and going around calling them stupid is not only false but it damages the reputation of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-02-13 00:49:21
The vast majority of Bitcoiners don't understand that either.  For instance, the incentive to hire developers is to affect the software to make a profit.  Many Bitcoiners are continually shocked by this even though it has always been that way.  Many Bitcoiners talk as if it is either fiat currency or Bitcoin and they hardly address the case that both will exist simultaneously.  Maybe the financial professionals don't have good understanding but Bitcoiners are probably worse off.  The more important Bitcoin gets then those groups are going to get more involved and they will be hiring developers to promote their agenda.  Even if you don't like it you should at least expect it and not be surprised.
To see how little we all understand how this works just try to predict what will happen during the halving.  The price?  The mining ecosystem?  See how many different answers you get.
@_date: 2016-02-13 02:22:34
the again maybe if you live in the real world you see how it works.
@_date: 2016-02-24 02:30:17
I look at his videos and blog posts.  I am not expert and I only did part time but I used to testify at some of these things about Internet privacy back in the late 90's.  During that time I worked a federal job in DC.  I at least have some idea how regulators and regulations work.  It is clear to me that he has a deep understanding of how the system works and how to work the system to Bitcoin's benefit.  
By contrast watching people like Andreas testify it is clear he is speaking to Bitcoiners and not the regulators.  While that plays well here among Bitcoiners it does not play as well from the perspective of the regulators and does not "advance the ball."  If you want to change the world you need to understand it first and Brito has a much better understanding than the vast majority of Bitcoiners.
@_date: 2016-02-13 13:13:40
I don't agree with everything in the article but this is how regular people view many of the ideas that are bandied about in this forum.  People here greatly exaggerate what Bitcoin can do.  Outsiders look at the obvious flaws in the arguments and dismiss the whole thing out of hand before they fully understand it.  Many people on here are completely oblivious to this and just go around saying "they don't get it" or claim people who raise the issue work for JPMorgan and are part of some conspiracy to damage Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-02-18 17:31:02
Just because I point out similarities of the Bitcoin world and the fed does not mean I support one or the other.  The question is about whether the Bitcoin system is fundamentally different than the Fed.  After watching the block size debate I am getting more convinced there is much less difference than people think.
Adoption levels clearly affect the price which is also true of Gold.  Bitcoin is a different animal than Gold and merchant acceptance is a major issue in maintaining and increasing the exchange rate.  It is amazing to me that Bitcoiners think differently.  Some even claim that creating a Bitcoin economy where people spend Bitcoins will "cause the price to tank."  That is true if people only buys stuff on Black Friday maybe but it is certainly not true in general.
  
@_date: 2016-02-18 13:27:15
huh?  Not sure what you are talking about but I am sure Garzik did not get suckered into anything and I generally listen to Gavin's advice since it is usually based in reasonable assumptions.
@_date: 2017-04-07 20:47:24
Because many people have different needs and I don't see any way one system will make everyone happy.  All the evidence points to people wanting different systems that do different things.  Look at the all drama over relatively minor issues.  I see no possible way that the whole world will coalesce around one system.  It is like inventing cable TV with hundreds of channels and then claiming people will all watch one channel in the end.  That is just wishful thinking from overenthusiastic advocates.
@_date: 2016-02-18 13:36:49
Well BillyHodson thinks something is funny.  So what is so funny BillyHodson?  Also, if you can provide your credentials I can compare them Gavin and I see whose opinion I trust more.
@_date: 2016-02-21 13:04:13
But that is what you do.  You make decisions based on your political agenda, not on technical issues.
@_date: 2016-02-17 21:41:41
I bet you have no clue what positions I hold.  I am against the ignorant people that try to misrepresent Bitcoin for their own purposes.  This includes the people who distort Bitcoin because they are promoting some non-starter political agenda.  I listen to people like jerry Brito at Coin Center and Tim Swanson and other people who treat Bitcoin like the technology that it is.  Preston Byrne is a reasonable libertarian and Bitcoin advocate.
You are incorrect that we are all getting the value out of our participation.  The kooks spreading all the nonsense have severely damaged the Bitcoin market and made it very difficult to bring new people in.  This can be seen by the slow adoption.  People on here are so involved in their little world of circle jerking they fail to realize what is happening in the rest of the world.  In fact many of these people think they are promoting Bitcoin and brining new people in when they are really making the whole thing look ridiculous.  "bankers are stupid"  "the government is terrified"  "Bitcoin will end wars"  I mean, c'mon, how ridiculous can it get?  Bitcoin is a solid technology that stands on its own without adding all this nonsense.
@_date: 2016-02-12 20:12:16
Of course he does, just look at his tweet.  If you want a good Bitcoin speaker try listening to jerry Brito.  He does not insert some political agenda so his discussions are much more reslistic.
@_date: 2016-02-18 17:22:48
In other words you are a wing nut who thinks that everyone who doesn't agree with the most extreme position and is on "the other side."   You are a Bitcoin weirdo and people like you make it difficult to get normal people interested.
BTW - did you are a parasite stealing articles like that.  I am sure you justify the theft using your kooky agenda.
@_date: 2016-02-21 19:13:36
I am for Bitcoin.  How about you?
@_date: 2016-02-14 18:46:16
Armory community is at 
@_date: 2016-02-18 18:45:50


If you want to make those claims then I want to know your credentials.  let me save you the time, you have none and you just repeat stuff you read on reddit without understanding what you are typing.
@_date: 2016-02-25 01:43:16
with marketing slogans like that I am sure mass adoption is right around the corner.  lol
@_date: 2016-02-12 20:08:13
Bitcoin is a system that allows trustless transactions.  These part about doing away with banking is your bias and such a position will turn most people off because they won't believe it.  I am involved in Bitcoin and I think banks will continue and they will use Bitcoin themselves.
@_date: 2016-02-17 02:27:35
Just post facts, good or bad.  Bitcoin is a technology, not a religion.
@_date: 2016-02-26 01:12:43
The issue I have is that try to claim what Bitcoin is and imply that everyone who uses Bitcoin agrees with them.  They try to claim Satoshi agrees with them and the purpose of Bitcoin is aligned with their political agenda.  Then, when something doesn't align with their agenda, they misrepresent Bitcoin to fit their needs.  
For example, Bitcoin is tradeoff.  To get decentralization you have to have all this mining expense and you have to wait for the network to come to a consensus over the state of the blockchain.  You really need to make a business case why decentralization is needed and in many cases the answer is that centralized systems work better.  The agenda pushers come in and claim everything is better, faster, cheaper, and "everything should be decentralized."  There is absolutely no basis for that except they want to push their political agenda.   They create false expectations and they make all Bitcoiners look ridiculous.  The worst of all is the people who go around claiming Bitcoin will end wars.  I mean how ridiculous can you get? 
Bitcoin is a tool that expends the capability of what is there now.  It has some very interesting use cases.  It may disrupt some business models and force the hands of some regulators.  However, the notion that governments and financial institutions will "collapse" is ridiculous.  Now some people measure the success of Bitcoin based on whether it will become the world's reserve currency.   
There are too many people in Bitcoin with too much power who promote this type of nonsense and it is stunting adoption.  People don't want to be associated with those extreme positions and they dismiss Bitcoin before they understand it.
@_date: 2016-02-14 00:24:40
Once you get a little older and a little more education maybe you will understand.
@_date: 2016-02-18 18:44:09
Your replies are biased and hyperbolic, there is no point in continuing.  
@_date: 2016-02-24 23:03:20
Bitcoin is about making transactions without using a third party. 
Coinbase is not Bitcoin.  It is a service interfacing Bitcoin with the legacy financial system.
@_date: 2016-02-23 03:42:16
it is also caused by intentional misrepresentations by many people involved in Bitcoin who want to promote some sort of agenda coupled with the fact that many people have different definitions of things like "concensus" and "decentralization."  
@_date: 2016-02-18 18:59:27
You win again! lol
@_date: 2016-02-17 04:09:38
That is correct.  Bitcoin advocates promote Bitcoin for trustless transactions and it has some interesting use cases but it can be used by anyone for a variety of purposes.  Bitcoin fundamentalists believe Bitcoin can replace the financial system, collapse financial institutions/governments, and end wars and that Bitcoin should be used only for specific purposes that fit their beliefs.  See the difference? 
@_date: 2016-02-26 12:18:40
I worked for the FAA for 27 years, I lived in DC for 9 years while I ran a company on side.  In my spare time I testified before regulatory bodies such as the FTC and I sat on panels with the EFF.  I testified on Internet privacy and I used to sue companies for violating privacy laws.  From my experience I can say that Jerry Brito knows what he is doing and you have no clue.
I can safely say that pilots don't understand the FAA regulatory ecosystem at headquarters.  In fact it has been discussed many times in meetings that to understand the FAA HQ ecosystem takes 25 years or longer!  (Not a typo)
I am not aware of Thomas Massy going around telling people they are more likely to be killed by their government than any other way.  Millions of people do not agree with that.  There are millions of people who disagree with that and find it insulting.  Further, that position has nothing to do with promoting the Bitcoin technology.  You are purposely making enemies because your political agenda is more important to you than promoting the Bitcoin technology.
You just attacked Coin Center a few days when you complained about Brito's tweet and claimed he was wrong.  You attack Coin Center at every opportunity.  As a result I am going to attack you and the Foundation every chance I get.  I think that is the limit of our common ground.  You don't listen to anything and just repeat your agenda pushing nonsense.  Go join politics if you want to run around spouting off offensive comments and making enemies, don't screw with my investments so you can promote your kooky agenda in the name of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-02-13 13:21:26
the issue that linking Bitcoin to extreme political positions and making exaggerated claims about what it can do is detrimental to mass adoption.  I don't think the author fully understands all the issues but the point is the initial impression of Bitcoin was not good.  Now the author must be educated but they are coming from an initial position of skepticism so it will be harder.
@_date: 2016-02-24 02:06:10
Of course it is a good thing.  It means there is greater  interest in Bitcoin.  Are you upset because Bitcoin will no longer be a private club for wing nuts?    
@_date: 2016-02-29 01:21:30
That is complicated.  It is easy to say money transfers but it really depends on your specific situation and whether the Bitcoins can be obtained and liquidated easily.  Micropayments as well.  For instance, I don't care about decentralized micropayments in general, I am fine with sending $25 to changetip for them to hold.  Decentralization is only important if I want to send payments to something changetip does not serve.  Most credit card transaction I want to keep the chargeback rights but in certain situations Bitcoin is fine, such as a place I trust.  For instance there is a business case for a service like gyft where they save on transaction fees and they pass part of the savings onto the consumer.  That does not mean I would do a Bitcoin transaction with some company I never heard of.
Now if I lived in a country where I don't have all these financial tools the business case for Bitcoin is different.  
@_date: 2017-04-21 15:11:31
Satoshi warned people that Bitcoin was still too small and experimental and that others should not yet involve WikiLeaks yet.  Other people did it anyway and Satoshi dropped out a short time later.
@_date: 2017-04-01 03:41:10
Calling an email with a few ideas a "roadmap"
@_date: 2016-02-27 13:27:35
Yes, but those business cases are much narrower than many people on here claim. For instance, I don't really need decentralized micropayments.  Maybe people in other parts of the world who don't have the banking infrastructure have a business case but I don't.  A good business case may be avoiding middleman fees like Western Union.  
There is certainly no business case for Bitcoin to be a reserve currency or ubiquitous currency given the confirmation times.   I know the usual answer to that is Lightning network and similar things but all that does, after all that complication, is just get me back to where I am now with fiat currency.
@_date: 2016-02-17 04:35:42
It is funny that when someone comes around selling something for Bitcoin these "statist" posters are nowhere to be found.  I have more Bitcoin than most of them and I buy more stuff with Bitcoin than most of them.  They think Bitcoin will magically become prevalent because they post meaningless junk on Reddit.
@_date: 2016-02-24 01:59:42
Brito is one of the best people in Bitcoin.  
While regulators and poorly written/enforced regulations can be a major problem ... you only despise regulators when it is convenient for you.  You would not be able to function and run businesses, post on the Internet, etc. without a regulatory framework.  
@_date: 2016-02-21 05:07:55
You are a dumb kid.
@_date: 2016-02-17 06:00:55
Bitcoin was designed to offer trustless transactions which are expensive and slow as compared to other systems and it is only applicable when there is a need for decentralization.  The constraint that you have to wait for the network to come to consensus over the state of the blockchain limits the viable use cases.   You cannot promote Bitcoin with unrealistic use cases and expect people to use it.  You also cannot take a position that the banks are stupid, the government is terrified, and everybody is "sheeple" (except for few "elite" Bitcoiners who know everything) if you expect mass adoption.
@_date: 2016-02-22 13:08:11
Bitcoin is for anyone who uses money without regard to their political agenda.  These types of proclamations are meant to shut people from using Bitcoin and is an attempt to create a private club.  This kind of stuff is keeping Bitcoin weak.  Do people who use the USD support the policies of the United States by doing so?  I think not. 
@_date: 2016-02-13 02:21:43
It that is true then you can use that knowledge to become rich in investing.  Good luck!
@_date: 2016-02-22 16:09:28
Bitcoin is not necessarily for disobeying authorities, it is cutting out the middle man.  In some cases that happens to circumvent some regs. But some people just want to save money on Western Union fees.
@_date: 2016-02-17 02:48:28
Now that I see your postings, the feeling is mutual.  lol.  I was never called a "statist" or even used it in a sentence until I got involved in Bitcoin.  One of your quotes:


I believe the wing nut crowd is saturated as far as Bitcoin is concerned.  The only people left to bring in are people who think that position is ridiculous (at least the extremist view as you posted).  As for "follower-impulse-driven" isn't that describing AA followers?
@_date: 2016-02-24 02:02:33
How much did you donate to Coin center?
@_date: 2016-02-17 04:56:13
I buy on dips so it works out good as far as exchange.  Using Shift is a first step but that is really an exchange product.  It is a lot of work to get an ecosystem started and some of the most prolific posters don't want to put in the effort.  All they want to talk about Bitcoin 2.0 and how it will "change the world."
@_date: 2016-02-13 14:03:28
Your position that it is either Bitcoin or fiat is extremist.  Most likely both will exist for a long time to come.  the real question is how much importance each will have and that will be complicated question which will depend on geography and will change over time.  To boil it down to some kind of meme and saying there is going to be some kind of calamity is not a realistic analysis.
@_date: 2016-02-25 13:32:41
Is anyone from Coin Center going to be there?
@_date: 2016-02-24 02:23:19
There are smart (and stupid) people in all walks of life.  It is easy to go round making fun of regulators but the reality is we all depend on a regulatory structure to live our lives.
@_date: 2016-02-21 23:15:38
You are hilarious.  Everyone that doesn't agree with all the ignorant crap you post Is "for the state."  LOL.  You are the ultimate Bitcoin wing nut.
the funny thing from your posts it is clear you hardly even use Bitcoin and you don't know how it works for the most part.  You just post here all the time so you can be part of some kind of group and feel wanted.  Are you lonely???  lol
@_date: 2016-02-13 02:17:14
I am not talking about the developers.  What exactly are your credentials?
@_date: 2016-02-27 00:13:38
If there is a business case to use it yes.  Going around saying "everything should be decentralized" is not a business case.  Mining is expensive and once the block rewards go way down the users will need to pay the freight for security.  As for developer incentives, whoever pays them gets to influence the software.   When it is all said and done I am not really sure how different the system is the current system like central banks.  I think it may have some advantages in some cases but it is not the panacea some people on here claim.  
@_date: 2016-02-25 02:48:25
That is just an article.  To get a full answer you need to go into the case in pacer and see exactly how the evidence was presented and whether it was contested.  I suspect the issue was not addressed directly but I don't know that.
@_date: 2016-02-12 19:20:45
You mean the people who have degrees in finance and who do it for a living?  You know more than them because you saw some video on Youtube or read some cult message on Reddit?  lol
@_date: 2016-02-17 04:30:24
In other words be an ignorant circle-jerker or you won't be accepted at r/bitcoin.  I agree with that analysis and I am glad not to be good at it.  BTW - I don't take advice from people who go around calling people "statists" so save your typing.
@_date: 2017-04-29 11:30:38
Yeah, that is what Bitcoin is about.  Forming a small club of like-minded people and pushing other people out.   
@_date: 2016-09-02 17:01:49
there is a link to all the info on Ver's Bitcoin Bounty Hunter site.  Click Bounties at the top and it shows list of Ver's disputes.
@_date: 2016-02-14 18:40:33
Some parts of Armory development are not going to continue.  from what I understand the free version will still be supported and the software is still available.  You should still be able to create the private keys from the seed with the existing software so even if Armory ends up being incompatible with the blockchain for some reason you still have the private keys which can be imported into another wallet program.
@_date: 2017-04-04 12:29:18
have patience and put buy orders at a low price at an exchange and then wait for the fluctuations
@_date: 2016-09-27 12:02:18
You are just making stuff up to try to fit some agenda.  
@_date: 2016-02-22 00:34:42
Ok, that why I have a Bitcoin company ... makes sense.  lol.  You would not know that because you don't use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-02-12 13:19:20
Telling everybody they are stupid is not the path to mass adoption.  
@_date: 2016-02-17 12:31:00
What does this have to with Bitcoin?
@_date: 2016-09-25 13:18:50
Either you have an immutable database or you have one that can be changed by someone who does not have the private key.  If you have a system that can be changed without the private key then you essentially have the same system you have now.  
@_date: 2016-09-03 18:45:27
look into the stuff for yourself.  It was all discussed on previous threads and you can see how Fenton keeps changing his story.
I personally got more legal decisions beneficial to Bitcoin than the entire Bitcoin Foundation and Bruce Fenton:
@_date: 2016-09-03 18:40:59
Your weird rants all over the place speak for themselves.  You have no credentials and no credibility so write all the weird crap you want, nobody cares.
@_date: 2016-02-21 12:44:11
An investor telling people their investment is not about the price.  lol
@_date: 2016-02-12 19:19:10
What I am saying is most of them are smarter than Bitcoiners about financial matters.  Bicoiners should be listening to those people and absorbing all they can instead of acting like teenagers and calling everybody stupid.
@_date: 2016-02-21 15:52:58
You have a set of requirements and then you propose alternatives given those requirements.  Listing requirements is another part of the task that I didn't mention.   I would not have the knowledge to do those lists of requirements, risks, definitions, and alternatives.  No one person would.  The only way to do it is to have the technical experts cooperate on those things.  They do many of those tasks now to an extent but it is done in a disjointed way.  It is actually for their benefit since it will save a lot of time in the long run.  I could contribute by steering people to the standard processes that have been developed by places like INCOSE.    
@_date: 2016-02-25 01:45:47
... and the Bitcoin wing nuts have grown to out of control proportions. Now involved in greater than 40% of cringeworthy threads directly and regulation affecting almost 70% of activity in some form.
@_date: 2016-09-25 02:09:25


Bitcoin was designed to provide trustless transactions between 2 parties.  Any claims beyond that are wishful thinking.
@_date: 2016-09-25 02:02:01
Funny, I have always thought the kooks like you with conspiracy theories about everything were destroying Bitcoin.  lol.
In case you didn't notice the incentive system for developers is to get paid to influence the Bitcoin software and it has been that way since day 1.
@_date: 2016-09-02 16:50:17
Ropger Ver is a kook who claims people are using "violence" against him every time he sees something he doesn't like.  of course when things are to his benefit he uses all the infrastructure and doesn't complain.  He also [sues Bitconers like Amir Taaki]( so his complaints are ridiculous.
@_date: 2016-09-24 02:48:24
Who would insure a system where the owners can simply take all the funds using the private key and then claimed they were hacked?
@_date: 2016-09-24 05:18:34
Whatever you are you post enough to be able to realize that such an answer does not make sense and only a cultist would parrot such an answer.  Getting degrees shows the ability to solve problems.  Why don't you try it?  
@_date: 2016-02-12 13:36:52
This stuff goes over well in a circle jerk but not so much in the real world.
@_date: 2016-09-27 12:06:46
Satoshi put his information in the white paper.  This comment in the genesis block was just an "Easter egg" and only kooks make it out to be some kind of religious statement like something from the dead sea scrolls.
@_date: 2016-09-04 00:29:04
You would not have any money because there would not be much in the way of commerce if the entire government were gone.  Your argument is ridiculous.  Don't you realize that all this stuff is dependent on one another?  you must have never had a job, a business, or have any clue how government or the economy  works or even lived in the real world.  
@_date: 2016-09-02 11:13:22
As has been document in several other posts, it is not true.  Bruce Fenton is a scammer.
@_date: 2016-02-18 17:46:14
Ok DyslexicStoner240, what are your credentials?
@_date: 2016-02-19 02:21:13
I mean if Bitcoin is to be adopted on a large scale you can't depend on reddit.  
@_date: 2016-09-01 03:36:16
SWIFT is a messaging system, not a payment system.  (they send instructions for payments).  The same types of messaging issues happen with bitcoin such as the Bitpay social engineering hack.  Some people on here try to imply that Bitcoin could somehow solve problems with SWIFT but Bitcoin is not a messaging system.
@_date: 2016-09-24 02:40:30
But usability, privacy, and utility have been somewhat flat while the price has fluctuated quite a bit.  
@_date: 2016-09-27 12:01:27
There is no improvement if you use a decentralized system on top of a centralized one.  To think so makes you a cultist.
@_date: 2016-09-03 03:23:22
What are your degrees and what are your "professional careers".  you make all kinds of claims that you are an expert on money, taxes and finances with comments about government fiat currency and comments like like "To the mooncake!"  Did you ever see that Buttcoiners chart?  They are talking about you.  lol
Sophistication does not indicate anything one way or the other about mental illness.  Manson, hitler, etc. are examples of sophisticated people who are mentally ill.  Many Bitcoiners are idiot-savants who know all about Bitcoin but they could probably not cross the street on their own without getting hit by a bus.  He is mentally ill because he says and does things that are obviously ridiculous but he thinks these things are perfectly alright.  
@_date: 2016-09-02 11:14:39
You are a scammer.
@_date: 2016-09-01 03:31:31
I don't understand where Bitcoin and decentralization of the payments fit in.  If payment processors were cutting off the publishers I could see it but that is not what is happening.
@_date: 2016-09-03 18:39:03
Since it never happened you don't know that.  It is like saying society would be better if we base it on an episode of star trek.  those discussions are philosophical discussions of things that don't exist in the real world.  You may believe it because you saw it posted on circle-jerk forums but that does not make it true.
@_date: 2017-04-07 21:03:24
Yes, and you can apply that same reasoning to crypto systems as well.
@_date: 2016-09-02 11:11:35
Wing nut alert!  Bruce Fenton is one of along line of Bitcoin Foundation scammers.
@_date: 2016-09-03 22:18:45
If that were really the issue then you would not use any of the infrastructure such as the Internet, roads, hospitals, etc.  That is just a phony excuse when the tax bill comes.  
@_date: 2016-09-03 03:27:24
Hearn always had a reasonable analysis of the Bitcoin market unlike many of the kooks and weirdoes who dominate this space.  Only an idiot would cheer the loss of people like Hearn.  These people who are doing the cheering want Bitcoin to be a private club of kooks, and not a currency used by the general population.population.  
@_date: 2016-09-27 15:29:45
As many Bitcoins can be created as people decide to create.  but that is not really important, what is important is that people put value into other systems almost as fast as people can create them so if you look at cryptocurrencies as a whole it does not really change much.  the 21 million limit is only meaningful if people use Bitcoin and only bitcoin and that doesn't look like that will ever happen.  as for issues with the fed, etc., sure, there are issues/problems with any system.  If you look at Bitcoin and things like the block size debate and you see the same sorts of problems as the fed but they just manifest themselves in a different way.  The reality is Bitcoin is just a choice among many financial instruments and it is not going to affect the existence of the fed one way or the other.  Only the wing nuts want to try to create some kind of choice or an "us vs. them" mentality.  It is just agenda spam to try to insert all these issues into a Bitcoin discussion.
@_date: 2016-09-04 01:15:32


You just proved my point.  I have an MS in physics and I worked with many PhD's.  The government has many very smart people. (of course it has the whole spectrum since they employ millions of people when you include contractors).  The public generally asks for government to be larger and do more things.  You don't understand anything about government, what it does, who it employs, or what the public at-large wants from it.  All you know is stupid crap you read on Reddit posted by idiots who also have no clue.  Not that there are not many problems and issues, but you don't understand what those problems are which is why you will never have any solutions.
@_date: 2016-09-01 03:29:01
If you look at television the first several years were all flops mostly losing investments.  People who looked at the mistakes and learned from them ended up being the big players some years later.
@_date: 2016-09-04 23:59:28
I would never be found in the same room as him.  There is no telling what someone like him (or someone who follows him) would do.  I think people like him are going to cause Bitcoin to eventually tank and something else will take over (myspace effect).  Many people just don't want to be associated with them and using Bitcoin makes them stronger.
@_date: 2016-09-24 11:28:30
The difference is that it is much, much easier to fake a hack of crypto systems and there is almost no way to investigate anything.  The other issue is that these hacks have happened to almost every Bitcoin exchange company.  If I were an insurance company I would just avoid the whole space.
@_date: 2016-09-05 00:02:55
You don't have ideas, you have memes.  You seriously come off as a teenager who has never worked and is supported by parents and read some stupid crap on the Internet.  The world is a balance between private sector and government and the idea is to find the best balance.
@_date: 2016-09-22 15:57:02
Bitcoin.org is not "neutral", it for the owners of Bitcoin.org just like Bitcoin.com is for the owner of bitcoin.com.  
@_date: 2016-09-27 14:08:06
The developers are following the incentive system in place from day 1.  Bitcoin was intended to provide trustless transactions and it already does that so anything beyond that is something you want Bitcoin to do.  The incentive system in place is that if you want something you pay the developers to do it.  That is not corruption.  The developers are not obligated to people that don't pay them.  In fact if they are being paid by someone and they decide on their own to do something you want instead then that would be corruption.
@_date: 2016-09-27 11:59:25
Bitcoin is fine, it is kooks like you that are the problem.
@_date: 2016-09-02 16:51:44
You mean like when [Ver sued Amir Takki](  LOL.  Don't people realize Ver is just a scammer?
@_date: 2016-02-13 02:34:04
You need to work on fixing your own life.  lol
@_date: 2016-09-01 15:19:37
Yes, that is the incentive system for developers that was there from day 1.  Everybody knew that going into Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-09-24 02:51:43
Why would purse need those features?
@_date: 2016-09-02 16:54:32
Ver is just a tax cheat and he uses this stuff as an excuse.  He uses all the infrastructure of society and calls everyone who made that possible "criminals" and "the violent ones."  It amazes me that people actually believe the stuff he says after all the stuff that is known about him.  Of course it amazes me that people vote for politicians who do similar things.
@_date: 2016-09-25 02:08:27


that use case does not make sense.  land registry is a centralized system and changes can be made by court orders and other laws.  A decentralized system sitting on top of a centralized system where courts can make changes without having the private key is not really useful.  maybe there some use cases but the ones being bandied about generally do not make sense.
@_date: 2016-09-25 02:13:51
being a developer who spends all their time writing code do not have the experience and knowledge to understand how Bitcoin fits into the economy not do they understand the financial world.  This is why developers don't run companies.  
@_date: 2016-09-25 13:21:52
yes, those are your choices ... Clinton/Trump ... theymos/memorydealers ... decisions, decisions.
@_date: 2016-09-02 11:14:04
You are the "asshat" wing nut who never knows what he is talking about.  You are a Bitcoin Foundation scammer.
@_date: 2016-09-25 02:04:29


Not for most purposes.  It is too volatile and its uses are limited.  
@_date: 2016-09-03 03:15:05
No, I am not ill informed.  I am familiar with him giving up citizenship.  If you recall his rant about the passport clerk who did not adjudicate his complicated legal issues.  Only a kook would expect that.  He then went on try to blame the US for doing stuff for him even though he gave up his citizenship.  The guy just looks for excuses not to pay taxes and to try to blame government agents for every wrong that he perceives.  Note that he always rants about specific things, he never, for instance, complains about people like Timothy McVeigh or other terrorists and he never acknowledges that federal agents protect people from people like that.   He also used Ulbricht's Mother during the worst time of her life so he could make his agenda-pushing videos.  How informed are you about what this guy does? 
@_date: 2016-09-02 11:15:24
You are always wrong because you are wing nut Bitcoin Foundation scammer.
@_date: 2016-02-22 16:11:33
You have stated a lot of things that are not true.  Clients?  For what?  Do you work for JP Morgan?  Maybe you charge for setting up sock puppets?  lol  It doesn't take a crystal ball to know you don't use Bitcoin that much because it is clear from your postings that you don't know how it works.
@_date: 2018-11-30 14:37:55




Merchants are there to provide a service and make a profit.  I don't understand what you expect merchants to "care" about.  Are they expected to support some sort of underlying polical agenda?  What might that be?
@_date: 2016-09-02 11:12:56
This proves my point, Bruce Fenbton only attracts irrational wing nuts like u/alexgorale to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-09-27 14:30:14
Yes, and developers can create cryptocurrencies out of nothing too so not much has changed there.  The conspiracy theory is the part where you try to scare everyone into thinking everything is on verge of collapse when these types of things have happened for hundreds of years.  It is cultism to claim that cryptocurrencies are going to completely change everything and fix all the problems.
@_date: 2016-09-04 00:26:48
Decentralization is an interesting tool for certain situations and I am all for it.  It gives people another choice in addition to what is there now.  You are young and you don't understand the intricacies for the world nor do you understand what people want.  I worked for the federal government for 27 years and I can say with absolute certainty that people like you have no clue whatsoever how government actually works.  Not that it is all good, or that I support it 100%, or that I don't think that major changes are needed but people like you have no answers ... you just have meme's.
As for Bitcoin, it is an experiment.  It is showing that while decentralization works very well in some cases it is not suitable for many real world situations.  Things like the blocksize debate and the Ethereum rollback show decentralization is just another imperfect system.  it is an improvement to have an additional tool but it is not some panacea that will solve all the problems of society. 
You don't know who is laughing at AA because you spend your life in a circle jerk.  You can start with his testimony in Canada where he showed he really didn't understand the issues or how to advance the cause.  Coin Center understands and you have some lunatic scammer wing nut Bitcoin Foundation Board member by the name of Bruce Fenton trying to tear them down.  
The problem I have is the kooks who have spun up decentralization into some kind of religion that is supposed to validate some fantasy kook agenda that has little or nothing to do with Bitcoin.  It is the stuff you hear on Alex Jones.  That is just ignorant and I don't want to be associated with the cult end of it.
As for me, I diversified so I have a government pension plus I mined Bitcoin early so if the joke is on me that is just fine.  the problem is you don't realize the joke is on you.  
@_date: 2016-09-25 01:45:04
You small group of kooks who posts in just about every thread (except when something is for sale for Bitcoin) are ruining the Bitcoin ecosystem.  You never know what you are talking about and all you do is promote some fantasy agenda.  This small group is a collection of uneducated morons who go around making fun of people who have accomplished things and who have education.  You also think you win every argument because some other circle-jerker agrees with you.  The fact is I have already accomplished things in life and you have not and you most likely never will.  
@_date: 2016-09-02 16:59:05
it is not just persona, he has a long history of documented mental issues that started well before Bitcoin was invented.  There are court documents, interviews, lawsuits, etc. that highlight his mental problems.
@_date: 2016-09-24 04:28:16
I should have specified I didn't want some cultist providing some hand waiving answer that does not make sense.  Purse's business model is to provide an exchange service to exchange Bitcoin for Amazon Gift cards so how do those features relate to that business model?
@_date: 2016-09-27 12:08:39
Not about Bitcoin, just more agenda spam.
@_date: 2016-09-01 15:05:33
It is a message to move money which is not the same thing as actually moving money.  You can talk about blockchains solving the problem but systems like that needs to be able to fix mistakes and make changes but the point of a blockchain is that you cannot make those changes.
@_date: 2016-09-27 12:05:03
It is "agenda spam."  
@_date: 2016-09-03 18:39:30
You have no clue what society needs or does not need, all your information is obtained from kook forums.
@_date: 2016-09-01 15:11:33
Or someone with 20 million to blow could just tank the exchange market with the "bear whale" did awhile back.  On top of that pay off a few developers and show up at one your private retreats and cause havoc.  It is not as difficult as you make it out to be.
@_date: 2016-09-04 02:39:56
Anyone who looks into him knows he is a scammer.  ver is scammer because he accuses people he doesn't like and then does exactly the same thing.  the people who filed that frivolous lawsuit are scammers, including (and especially) the lawyer who filed the suit.  Ver lies all the time about all sorts of things to advance his agenda or to increase his personal wealth.  Not only is he mentally ill but he also a scammer.  I love Bitcoin but I want absolutely nothing to do with people like Ver and the crowd he associates with like Vorhees and Fenton.  
@_date: 2016-09-03 22:22:11
That is what the kooks do, they compare themselves to smart people and say 'we are the same."  Bitcoin's biggest troll, AA does that all the time.  He tries to link himself to scholars throughout time who were laughed at.  You guys are closer to Bozo the Clown who was also laughed at.  You guys do not innovate, you just spout nonsense on circle-jerk discussion boards.  After you see something posted a few thousand times you claim it is true.  lol
@_date: 2016-09-22 16:49:02
Yes, I have no clue how things work or what fantasy agenda Ver promotes.  You seem to have it all figured out so you should run for president.  All you need now to win this argument is post some meme and a link to a "fallacy" definition.  lol.  
@_date: 2016-09-02 16:57:20
I disagree, there is nothing "borderline" about this kook, he is a full blown mental case.
@_date: 2016-09-25 02:05:27
he is a developer, not an economist and he was not involved in the financial world.
@_date: 2016-09-24 04:34:06
The problem is you really don't know what happened and it is often difficult or impossible to find out.  In the Bitcoin world the news sources and users generally just parrot the news releases by the companies that claimed to have gotten hacked but there is rarely any sort of acceptable level of proof as to what actually happened.  You could come up with some "m of n" private key system where you need many people to authorize payments but those types of systems would be expensive and drive up the fees.
@_date: 2016-09-25 13:26:18
It is, it just does not function as one very well in certain situations because Bitcoin was designed to provide decentralized transactions and it was not designed primarily to be a currency.
@_date: 2016-09-01 11:18:28
Someone called BitPay and sent them a message to transfer some funds and then they used Bitcoin to transfer the funds.  I suppose a system could be developed to do both.
@_date: 2016-09-04 10:32:12
The guy is a creep.  Look at the way he used Ross Ulbricht's Mother during the worst time of her life so he can push his Kooky agenda.  He accuses all kinds of people of being "the violent ones" when, in fact, he owes his lifestyle to those people.  He is not nice or a "good guy" by any stretch of the imagination.  He may pretend to be a nice guy and "for the children" and some stupid people actually believe that.  I am glad he can no longer come to the USA.  I can't stand that people like him are prominent in Bitcoin.  People like him are probably the biggest negative thing about Bitcoin, it attracts these nut jobs like nothing I have ever seen.
@_date: 2016-09-27 15:56:25
You should just stop posting.
@_date: 2016-09-02 18:40:35
Let's hear your credentials first.  
Nobody is talking about physical health.
@_date: 2016-09-25 02:21:30
That is because you don't live in reality, you live in a Bitcoin circle-jerk world with no concept of reality.  It is actually quite interesting how this works and it amazes me how delusional people can be even though they have the entire Internet at their fingertips.  
In any case you remind me of a bunch of loser teenagers who have no jobs and hang at the mall all day and make fun of people going to work.  They sit around looking stupid yet they think they run the world.  lol.
@_date: 2016-09-27 12:18:59
It has nothing to do with Bitcoin as Bitcoin cannot replace those systems.  It is not a "wakeup call," it is conspiracy theory stuff you see on Alex Jones meant for ignorant people.
@_date: 2016-09-01 15:12:05


Working through issues of decentralization and the rules is not an "attack."  It is the natural course of events as a decentralized system develops.
@_date: 2016-09-01 15:17:47
We should separate out Bitcoin from humans.  Computers can just mine Bitcoin and use smart contracts to exchange it with other computers.
@_date: 2016-09-25 13:24:15
Why do you keep posting all this cultist crap?  You think you are making yourself important by posting this circle-jerk stuff.  You are just a weirdo.
@_date: 2016-02-26 13:06:57
Your replies are ridiculous.  I am not wasting my time going back and getting the references.  You attacked Brito a couple days ago just like you have done in the past.  I am also not going back and reading that wing nut crap you post on your facebook page.  I also never made any statement about what regulations were good or bad, I said you don't understand the ecosystem and you have no clue how the system operates.  I have also told you before that I was a researcher and not a regulator (but that doesn't fit your agenda so you make stuff up like the wing nut that you are).  
Only wing nuts like you and your friends go around saying all regulation is bad.  Then, when people say that statement is ignorant you reply that you must be for all regulations.  If that isn't the definition of a wing nut then I don't know what is.  There is good regulation and bad regulation and it cannot be broken down into a meme.  
There are some people in Bitcoin who understand what is going on but you are not one of them.  It is clear to anyone with experience in that area that Jerry brito knows much more than you.  The only thing you do is respond with ignorant tantrums every time he does something.  That shows your agenda is more important to you than promoting Bitcoin.  Go promote your agenda and leave Bitcoin alone.
 
@_date: 2016-09-05 22:58:42
I am telling you what I see.  Your meme's are worthless in solving any real world problems.
@_date: 2016-09-03 18:41:51
It shows you have no clue how the world works or the tax policies of countries around the world.  You are just some ignorant kook who rants on discussion boards.
@_date: 2016-09-02 17:48:38
Did you read it.  it says Ver is suing for breach of contract ... but he does not actually have a copy of the contract .... but if you get hold of Amir he will have a copy.  It is a frivolous suit meant to harass.
As for whether any of the exchanges "lost" any funds, that is unknown.  All that is known in these incidents is that someone transferred the funds using the private key.  I don't see how any insurance company would cover any Bitcoin exchange under those circumstances.
@_date: 2016-09-02 16:56:34


Don't feel special, Ver lies to everyone.  Watch out, [he may sue you like he did to other Bitcoiners.](
@_date: 2016-09-27 12:38:51
New users should understand that the wiki often has wrong information and much of it has a cultist slant.  Once someone reads the wiki they should also look at Tim Swanson's video to get a balanced explanation.  He points out many of the flawed explanations and misconceptions provided by Bitcoiners in their fervor to promote Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-09-27 12:00:15
You really think that.  You are some delusional kid who thinks he is accomplishing something by making stupid comments on reddit.  lol
@_date: 2017-09-18 00:15:14
We all know how you think.  You spread misinformation and hyperbole in attempts to get ignorant people to follow you so you can make money off them.  lol
@_date: 2016-09-25 02:16:35


Without discussing the specifics here, yes, appeals to authority are "nice."  Many of kooks here claim things are an "appeal to authority" when it is something they don't like but it is a "reputation system" if it is something they do like.  The people who complain about an "Appeal to authority" are generally kooks with no credentials.
@_date: 2016-09-03 03:28:43
There is a list of kook subreddits in the right sidebar.  Anything that starts with "anarcho" should be sufficient.
@_date: 2016-09-22 15:34:59
Ver is using "violence" again to get his way.  lol.  It is funny how many anarcho-whatevers miss the obvious discrepancy between his political agenda and what he actually does.  It is because the agenda he promotes is a fantasy that even he doesn't agree with when reality sets in.  In any case the easiest way to make money with Bitcoin.com is by getting companies to sign unrealistic contracts and then suing them with threats of "violence" when things don't work out.  Roger Ver is truly "the violent one" in this transaction .  lol
@_date: 2017-09-16 18:52:20
Yes, and nearly every Bitcoiner has overhyped it during the same period.  Add both together and divide by 2 and you have reality.
@_date: 2017-09-17 02:56:04
Instead of printing more of the same currency you just have new currencies popping up.  
@_date: 2016-09-01 15:16:55
I think we should separate out the religion from Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2016-09-02 17:58:53
That would be "an appeal to authority" and none of the cultist kooks here would go along with that.  They have told me many times that my degrees in physics and computer science are a worthless appeal to authority.  lol.  s/ So what are your credentials in making your determination that an appeal to authority is necessary? /s
@_date: 2016-09-05 22:57:47
You are a kook who knows nothing but meme's and hyperbole.  Move to Liberland if you don't like it.  lol
@_date: 2016-09-24 02:45:06
as far as the number of merchants that is flat or less than 2013.  Many companies who accepted Bitcoin during the hype have stopped accepting it.  Some new companies have come on board but the total number of merchants is relatively flat over several years now.  I know people on here will come up with bogus stats about the number of merchants but all anyone has to do is try to shop with Bitcoin to see how difficult it is.  The offerings on Bitcoin Black Friday, the one day out of the year when most people actually spend Bitcoin, are rather dismal.
@_date: 2016-09-24 11:24:56
Another knuckle-dragging kook with no credentials chimes in with a nonsense comment.  Anything else?
@_date: 2016-09-22 17:07:50
Sure he can.  I don't know exactly how things work in China but in the USA they send the Sheriff out to seize property and sell it to pay the debt.  Do you really take Ver's agenda seriously?  That really amazes me that people who can function enough to use Bitcoin can't understand this guy's agenda or what the obvious consequences it would entail.
@_date: 2017-09-16 10:24:55


LOL.. Maybe YOUR utopian future.  Bitcoin is a tool that does certain things but it is not a replacement for all things.  These kind of statement make Bitcoiners look just as bad as Dimon saying it is a fraud.  The truth is somewhere in the middle of it being a fraud and replacing the US dollar. 
I think there is no question that Bitcoin will not the "one and only" for all time.  There will be an evolution of cryptos so they will go up in value and eventually go down and be replaced by something better since it next to impossible to make major changes to a consensus system.  So there will be a "top" at some point.  The arguments you make over "inflation" are not relevant because new cryptos are created all the time and people give them value.  That argument is only valid in a fantasy world where Bitcoin is the only crypto.  Bitcoins value is that it gives people the ability to do trustless transactions.  All these claims about replacing the dollar and inflation issues just divert people's attention away from Bitcoin's true value.  People outside of Bitcoin read all those nonsense claims and that is why they think it is a scam.
@_date: 2017-09-17 13:06:24
Why do you post these weird chat logs as if normal people interact like that?  Most people haven't used IRC chat in 10 years or more and most normal people don't go around referencing cryptic chat logs.
Next, the extremist title in your posting is your usual hyperbole.  the truth is people should be very careful about web wallets but I use them all the time.  I use them like a regular wallet so I put a small amount in them in order to do transactions easily and if they are lost you only lose a small amount.  I keep the bulk of my bitcoins in a "safe" which is cold storage. 
@_date: 2017-09-16 22:14:32
The point is that the extremists on both sides are completely wrong and ridiculous.  Most of the voracious posters here are completely wrong about most things and they are often worse than some of the mainstream media things you see.
I am surprised at the increase in exchange rate but I am equally surprised in the lack of performance in other areas.  The notion that because the exchange rate has done well that this somehow makes everything else Bitcoiners claim is misguided.  It is unfortunate that Bitcoiners can't focus of the true value of Bitcoin but instead make all sorts of faulty arguments that it will replace everything.
@_date: 2015-04-13 03:31:48
A company designation of "Ltd" is a European designation while the address is in the USA.
@_date: 2015-04-05 13:41:18
Yes, if they go "nuts" people would move to a different version.  However, what if they do subtle things that a significant, but not large majority, do not agree with?
@_date: 2015-04-15 12:28:46
No.  Bitcoin is a partial solution to a computer science problem called the Byzantine general problem.  Everything else you are saying is part of your personal bias and the times we live in.  The telescope was considered a political thing when it was invented.  the telescope has not changed over the years but the notion that it is a political thing has.  
Bitcoin can be used to promote various political agendas but it certainly is not "freedom."  Just as Ross or Carl.  I can make an argument that Bitcoin is anti-freedom and it is for Statists who want to track everyone's funds.  However, that would be as ridiculous as claiming Bitcoin will end wars.
@_date: 2015-04-21 12:44:07
@_date: 2015-04-03 13:07:09
It is not a defense of anything, I am just pointing out that you never know what you are talking about.  You just make stuff up if you think it fits your fantasy agenda.  Most teenagers grow out of that when they become adults.
@_date: 2015-04-16 01:29:43
The idea of ripple predated Bitcoin.  Mike Hearn, for instance, has stated he got involved in the Ripple concept before Bitcoin.  
The idea of Ripple is to have a platform to exchange any type of currency, commodity, or whatever.  The problem is if they took a transaction fee directly the company setting up Ripple would need to be licensed in every jurisdiction in the world.  Instead they created the Ripple currency XRP that get "destroyed" when a transaction takes places.  In order for the company to collect these tx fees in a roundabout way they keep some Ripples for themselves and sell them.
Instead of trusting mining you are trusting gateways which can be things such as a bank, a Bitcoin exchange, or you can trust someone you know.  The idea is that if someone in can trade Euros for US dollars very easily via Ripple there is no need for each party to get some universal currency like Bitcoin.  The theory is that, at least for some use cases involving Bitcoin as a payment system, Bitcoin is not needed.  The issues are generally that Ripple is not decentralized and the store of value is also not the same as Bitcoin so it really only competes with Bitcoin in certain use cases.  
@_date: 2015-04-04 07:02:21
I don't know what you are saying.  I didn't mention testing or scaling, I mentioned risk analysis and systems engineering.  Of course that process takes into consideration random failures and malicious actors.  I don't know what you are talking about by saying Bitcoin is "security software."  There is whole branch of system engineering specifically for software.
Since you brought up testing system engineer includes things like tests plans as part of the process.  Risk analysis is a living document that identifies risks and likelihood so when changes are proposed they are done in systematic way and then tested in a standard way.
@_date: 2015-04-20 12:44:24
Verifying transactions in old blocks is effectively the same as a checkpoint. 
@_date: 2015-04-06 16:27:26
1 is wrong.  2 is correct.  
@_date: 2015-04-05 13:05:17
Most of the developers have that same attitude.  They protect their turf and they don't like it when outsiders try to bring up issues they don't agree with.  In order to get software projects completed they have to be that way to a certain extent.  The problem comes in when political issues arise they don't want to hear from people outside the inner circle.
They have done things such as delete messages from Github, chastised people for "hiding behind anonymity" when the whole project is based on an anonymous contributor, used Twitter to try to turn complex issues into one-liners to stifle debate, and I have seen Mike Hearn come right out and tell people to go hire their own developers if they didn't like what he was doing at the Foundation.  They seem to miss the point that mass adoption depends on bringing large numbers in with diverse issues. 
@_date: 2015-04-04 20:02:34
My comment is not a matter of agreeing or disagreeing, it is about debating the issues.  First of all, open source is not the same as decentralization so saying something as open source does not automatically make it decentralized.  How decentralized it is or isn't is a complicated discussion that takes paragraphs.  Decentralization is a continuum and the only thing truly decentralized in Bitcoin is the consensus over the blockchain which is a slow and expensive process and requires mining.    
Paying the bulk of the developers is a chokepoint.  How much of a chokepoint and control is a matter for discussion since there are many checks and balances but it clearly has an effect.  Otherwise, why would people put so much effort into lobbying the developers to do things?  I am against Twitter one-liners or labeling the discussion as a "conspiracy theory" as a way of shutting down legitimate discussion.
@_date: 2015-04-13 15:49:12
"Some people believe with great fervor preposterous things that just happen to coincide with their self-interest."  Judge Frank Easterbrook, Coleman v. CIR (7th Cir 1986) 791 F2d 68 at 69
@_date: 2015-04-18 10:09:30
All he had to do was periodically delete PM's, log files, etc.  Prior to the subpoena there was nothing compelling him to save all that stuff.
@_date: 2015-04-18 13:34:23
The whole site has many obviously illegal activities and Theymos appears to me to complicit in at least some of things so maybe you have a point.
@_date: 2015-04-04 07:06:54
Gavin has good programming knowledge but I not sure what to infer from that.
@_date: 2015-04-04 14:36:18
I know she coordinated the conference planning back in 2013
@_date: 2015-04-20 11:20:43
With the new system of "headers first" for the blockchain download using the core client are the checkpoints still needed?
The "checkpoints" are is hardcoded checkpoints of the blockchain in the Core client.  They are a few months behind.  They are there to prevent someone from feeding you an incorrect chain and preventing you from downloading the proper blockchain.  It is easy to create an incorrect chain when the difficulty was very low so a bad node could send you down a "wild goose chase" by starting to download a chain that will eventually be invalid.  The problem is the checkpoints circumvent the "proof of work" and allow the developers to choose the "correct" chain at least up to the checkpoint.  The developers generally don't like the checkpoints and some people have said they can now be removed with the "headers first" system.
@_date: 2017-09-18 03:49:47
250?  You just should have bought more BTC
@_date: 2015-04-05 13:38:00
There are checks and balances but many people spend a lot of time lobbying the core developers so they must have a certain level of influence.  I would agree it is not a "it's centralised, kill it with fire" situation but you also should not just waive your hand at the issue and give cult-like replies that there are no issues or concerns or that everyone who has an issue should learn to code Bitcoin themselves.
@_date: 2015-04-01 12:28:39
I am not sure what Coinbase does but some exchanges send funds from a shared wallet.  For places that do that (and do not use BIP70) if a merchant tries to send a refund it goes to the shared wallet and not into your account.  Some places also use batch processing or a delay due to security checks and when that is done it could cause the invoice to time out.  
If the merchant also uses the same service then the transaction is normally done "off blockchain" and the service just transfers the funds internally and the payment is instant but the service could potentially reverse it.  
@_date: 2015-04-04 16:08:03
He is allowed to do any childish thing he wants on there.  I am just pointing out that it facilitates drama to do it that way rather than promoting a reasonable discussion.
@_date: 2015-04-05 19:08:47
I just read through the tweets and I can't figure out what the debate is.  Preston says Bitcoin is not that useful in its current form.  Everybody knows that which is why so many companies are trying to develop services on top of the protocol.  What exactly is the debate about?
@_date: 2015-04-15 11:30:19
I think you need to dwell on the past so the Foundation does not keep making the same mistakes over and over.  
First, the Foundation needs to set reasonable standards.  their logo should not be used to promote things like Mt. Gox and Inputs.io.  Emergency altert keys should not be issued to Theymos so he can use it like a badge of honor to promote questionable software projects.  There is no quality control over the brand.  
Second (this is meant to you personally) the Bitcoin Foundation is about Bitcoin and not some fantasy political agenda.  You endlessly promote people like Erik Vorhees who uses Bitcoin to promote and agenda that has no hope of ever being accepted by most Bitcoin users.   The theory is that once people start using Bitcoin that people then automatically agree with the whole agenda.  That is delusional.  Just because someone completes a Bitcoin tx does not mean they are going walk around with Ayn Rand books under their arm.  If someone wants to use Bitcoin to promote an agenda that is find but that is not what Bitcoin is and it is not what the Foundation should be promoting.  Many users want nothing to do with people who around talking about how Bitcoin will end wars, replace the US Dollar, and collapse governments.  This type of agenda does not stand on its own merit which is why many use (distort) Bitcoin to try to gain publicity for their cause.  
Someone from the Foundation's education committee tried to claim that because they would accept input from anyone that the education committee was "decentralized."  I found it shocking that someone on the education committee doesn't even understand decentralization and that the blog post was posted at the Foundation's web site without anyone saying anything.  If decentralization was simply putting up a web site and accepting comments from people then all those mining computers would be a waste.
@_date: 2015-04-04 21:44:55
Many of the cultists don't have an understanding of decentralization, they are just here to promote an agenda.  They latch on to memes and tweets without ever understanding the basic concepts.
@_date: 2015-04-08 13:15:10
If it is a hard fork then some people will upgrade and some will not and you will have 2 Bitcoin systems.  It is easy to say "we all" and discuss the cultish extreme case where everybody disagrees but that is not reality.  I really don't know what would happen if there is a major disagreement and a fork in the blockchain and neither does anyone else.  You can  speculate but that is about it.
@_date: 2015-04-10 22:33:33
From what I read this has to do with automatically converting Bitcoin into a government fiat currency.  Hence, it is considered a money "substitute."  If you had a company that had sales in Bitcoin and paid most of the salaries and expenses then you can say it is no longer a money "substitute" and then Bitcoin can be considered a currency rather than property.  I would like to hear from experts if they think this is a correct understanding.
@_date: 2015-04-21 12:41:29
It sounds like he was participating in a voluntary Bitcoin marketplace.  Is there a Bitcoin address to fund his legal fees?  
@_date: 2015-04-08 13:04:55
Why don't you concentrate on handling customer support requests?  I spent over a year trying to resolve relatively minor issues.  Other than multiple Coinbase employees accusing me of trying to steal $5 from your company the issues were never resolved.
@_date: 2015-04-15 12:52:23
An invention that is politically charged does not mean the invention itself is political.  
@_date: 2015-04-20 12:47:44
Thanks.  I had seen the video before and that is what prompted my question.  Note the slide it says it reduces the importance of checkpoints but it didn't say they could be eliminated entirely.
@_date: 2015-04-04 20:59:17
Then why don't explain things then?  
@_date: 2015-04-16 02:44:27
No, you deduct it over 15 years.  If I domain costs $15,000 you get to deduct $1000 per year for 15 years from your profits.
@_date: 2015-04-14 02:32:01
Promoting people with a bunch of crazy conspiracy theories who use Bitcoin as way of gaining publicity is not the way to promote Bitcoin for mass adoption.  I am afraid that is what we have with Bruce Fenton.  At least Patrick Murck had credibility when he spoke about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-04 21:53:09
I didn't say anything was stopping people.  I said it was the largest point of confusion 9by far) to newcomers.
@_date: 2015-04-11 03:18:08
As a business student you should be happy about the business opportunity that you just witnessed.
@_date: 2015-04-15 12:31:17
The emergency alert key is not for that purpose just like Bitcoin Foundation logo was not meant to entice people to put funds into a fake bank at inputs.io run by a teenager out of his parent's house.  Maybe the alert key can be used to send out BFL ads?
@_date: 2015-04-10 08:46:00
there are a number of different possibilities which are much more complicated than that 
@_date: 2015-09-28 15:25:12
Exactly, that is why Mr. Vorhees is the Al Sharpton of Bitcoin.  All he does is attract ignorant people and he makes it more difficult to get normal people involved in Bitcoin by creating a bad reputation and disseminating misinformation.  Not that there aren't significant problems surrounding money laundering laws, it is just his arguments are not sound and they don't address the issues is a valid way.  These laws are tradeoffs between various things and you can't just boil it down to a meme.
@_date: 2015-04-04 07:31:29
Yes, and there are many systems that have the same issues and many people studying similar problems.  You identify a set of risks and you assign them rank based on likelihood and effect.  Then you develop mitigation strategies.  Those strategies are developed in the context of how it affects overall risk.  Right now these issues are often dealt with by "wars" on twitter/github/blogs and are sometimes based on personalities rather than facts.  A system engineering process provides a framework to deal with issues rather than the whack-a-mole process that you often see in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-04 15:20:00
All of the issue are a matter of degree, nothing is black and white.  These are all complex issues and posting hyperbolic statements on something like Twitter which is meant for "one-liners" is an immature way to handle a complex issue.  All you are doing here is creating drama and providing cult-like replies meant to prevent any kind of reasonable discussion.
@_date: 2015-04-04 14:50:45
Using Twitter is just hyping up the drama rather than dealing with the issues.   Hiring developers clearly crates a choke point.  the question is how much of a choke point, not whether it exists or not.
@_date: 2015-04-16 01:14:38
When you buy a domain it is like buying intellectual property like a copyright or trademark.  You have to amortize the purchase price over 15 years.
@_date: 2015-04-15 18:29:36
You are confusing promoting Bitcoin with promoting an agenda.  If regulations threaten Bitcoin then they get involved in that.  That is different than linking Bitcoin to some agenda and implying anyone who uses Bitcoin agrees with that agenda. 
@_date: 2015-04-04 07:04:34
They post the tax returns which has a high level budget.
@_date: 2015-04-15 12:50:47
You are discussing how Bitcoin is used which is different that what Bitcoin is.  the problems come in when people distort what Bitcoin is when it suits their political agenda.  In some cases people have some wing nut political agenda that means more than everything.  In other cases people pretend they have a political agenda to try to get chicks and in a few years they will forget all about it.
@_date: 2015-04-15 22:48:04
The most recent example I can think of are Bruce Fenton's supporting Erik Vorhees and his views on the Bitlicense.  Erik has all sorts of conspiracy theories about why the proposal is promulgated which shows a naivety as to how/why regulation is created.  His arguments will fall on deaf ears outside of Bitcoin because they are completely wrong but he keeps at it because he gets attention from some Bitcoiners.  
@_date: 2015-04-02 11:58:10
Several universities are looking at the viability of mining in the long term.  For example, 
@_date: 2015-04-15 12:14:09
Actually I don't know who has the keys.  There is an outdated wiki entry.  I had suggested updating the wiki and moving the info to bitcoin.org but the Foundation banned me from Github and removed my messages. 
As for they Theymos thing, it was in a Reddit discussion about Theymos spending $100K per month to develop new forum software.  He claimed during that thread that he must be trustworthy since he was issued the emergency alert key.  I complained to the Foundation about this and the Foundation told me I was wasting their time by complaining about it.  Maybe a fork should be done that eliminates the functionality of the key since it is being used for improper purposes?   They key is supposed to be for sending emergency messages, not as a badge of honor so people can use it as part of their resume to promote schemes.
@_date: 2015-04-10 08:44:14
It is much more complicated than that
@_date: 2015-04-04 14:54:13
Except 21 million was a big mistake because fractional Bitcoin is the most confusing issue to newcomers.
@_date: 2015-04-06 16:05:17
The miners rewards are also tied to the exchange rate so for that reason you can't predict if the hash rate will go up or down.  There is also advances with the technology so that also causes the hash rate to increase.  If miners get incorporated into devices that need to produce heat that is another way it could increase.  
As for the question in the title I think that is one of the biggest unanswered questions of the experimental phase of Bitcoin.  It is also hard to judge "properly secured" because you don't really know how much you need until someone attacks the system.
@_date: 2015-04-15 12:23:42
That sounds good but keep in mind that the anarcho-whatever market is saturated as far as Bitcoin is concerned.  If you want to bring in new people you have to understand that the political views of Erik, Roger, etc. will be seen as ridiculous, crazy, childish, nave, etc. and are generally a negative if those ideas are associated with Bitcoin use.  I agree with some Libertarian views and the basic issues that government is too large and liberty is being eroded but the extreme views displayed by some of your associates are just completely unreasonable and unworkable.  Jerry Brito, Tim Swanson, and Preston Byrne all make sense to me but many of the Bitcoin cultists do not.
Those people all use US Dollars but that does not mean they agree with the policies and agendas of the US government and the same goes for Bitcoin.  People will use Bitcoin if it is useful, not because it promotes some agenda.
@_date: 2015-04-14 01:46:19
This guy is known for trying to link a political agenda to Bitcoin.  Defiantly not what the Foundation needs to promote mass adoption.
@_date: 2015-04-04 22:53:39
What I did was set up a table at a public event and spoke to people and the biggest point of confusion, by far, is fractional Bitcoin.  Do you have some other data?
@_date: 2015-04-04 08:09:48
Yes, I understand.  I sat through many, many meeting over many years that discusses the differences between security and safety for risk analysis.  NIST has a whole set of documents at 
@_date: 2015-04-04 08:18:04
I have seen most of his interviews and talks that appear on Youtube.  He has the background of a programmer.  He went to Princeton around the same time I was at Rutgers.  He worked at some startups and did programming for the disabled.  His wife is a professor.
@_date: 2015-04-04 05:55:22
This type of stuff was pretty obvious from the beginning.  Patrick Murck has always been against transparency and he fought the idea of releasing meeting minutes when I brought up the issue in early 2013 so I never joined.
There is also the issue of the risk analysis and developing the software using a formal systems engineering process.  The current developers just ignore the issue and shut people out there too.  Github is handled the same way.  Many of the devlopers understand Bitcoin but they have little understanding of things outside of that.  In a way they have to operate that way to get work done, at least as far as software development is concerned, but that type of process does not work well with a stakeholder organization that is trying to address the needs of diverse groups.
@_date: 2015-04-03 12:39:01
Government agents don't set laws just like a clerk at a passport window does not adjudicated complex legal issues.  
@_date: 2015-11-11 03:39:07
The question is about Satoshi's intentions.  Where did he say it was a replacement rather than an alternative?  An alternative promotes Liberty as well.
@_date: 2015-11-20 03:38:56


And how do you come up with that?
@_date: 2015-11-20 11:06:36
Is it tonal?
@_date: 2015-11-15 11:02:01
All I pointed out was that decentralization is not a bright line so your analysis is not correct. In order to analyze these issues you have study the risks. Look at the Jim Harper Bitcoin risk analysis he did for the Foundation. You need to use that format like that to expand on the analysis of just how much of an issue it is. I have brought this up to the developers and some seem to want to analyze things that way but resources are limited.
@_date: 2015-11-10 21:31:20
That is possible and true in the minority of cases but you cannot depend on that.  That is like depending on miners to mine at loss and it isn't going to happen over the long term.  Some of the cultists claim otherwise .. but that is because they see Bitcoin as a religion rather than the incentive system that it is.
@_date: 2015-11-15 17:04:35
He is just playing a game.  In any case go onto the developers mailing list and make a comment that shows you don't know what is going on with the code and see how he replies to you. 
I looked at some of your comments.  every other word is "butthurt" and "troll."  lol
@_date: 2015-11-25 09:50:47
Jerry Brito is one of the best people in the Bitcoin space to promote a sensible approach to the masses.  He deals in facts rather than linking Bitcoin to some agenda that most people will never endorse.  Too bad the Bitcoin Foundation is standing behind some of the unreasonable/ignorant people involved with Bitcoin and attacks Coin Center instead of promoting it. 
@_date: 2015-11-05 23:21:30


And why did he do this?  Because he likes regulation and regulators ... or because there were things proposed anyway and he wanted a blueprint for reasonable rules instead of another Bitlicense debacle.  I am sure this was explained but you choose to misrepresent things so it fits your wing nut agenda.  
I don't see what the privacy policies of major companies has anything to do with it.  Those companies rarely, if ever, follow the actual written policies.  The announcements of CEO's when posturing rarely have anything to do with actual practices and procedures.  This is just red herring you are throwing about government wanting the private encryption keys (I assume).  What does this have to do with Coin center's activities?  What kind of false choice are you trying to make?
As for the EFF, they have posted their reasons for not liking the CA bill.  These are the same things Coin Center complains about all the time so they are essentially on the same page.  You can sit there and cry about it, post a bunch of complaints on Reddit, file a frivolous lawsuit to sue for $1 billion, or take any one of a number of actions that will do absolutely nothing .... or you can actually try to fix the situation with a reasonable attempt.
I am not discounting your experience, I am pointing out that you have essentially little to no experience in these areas.  The developers are generally 20-something techies who have less experience than you.  While most people in the industry agree that these bitlicense things are being done poorly not everyone takes the wing nut position that is put forth by the Foundation.  You are not on the same page as many of venture capitalists who are pumping in money or some of the exchanges.  You are all against burdensome regulation but you diverge wildly from there when the solution is discussed.  What I hear the venture capitalists complain about is there concern over the weird notions of some of the trying to start Bitcoin companies and they are concerned these people will lose their investments due to irresponsibility.
Anyone who doesn't agree with the extreme positions that you put forth is  "on the other side" or "promoting regulation" or a "statist" and so forth.  That is very far from the truth and that is what wing nuts do.  There is no middle ground or reasonable discussion, it is all "they are the violent ones" and "leviathan" bs.  
@_date: 2015-11-10 17:49:39


I always thought the people with the most money will hire the most developers to promote their point of view.  Conflicts of interests are unavoidable and hopefully they will "even out" if you get enough people involved.
@_date: 2015-11-05 17:47:14
Wrong, that is the wing nut reply.  You are completely misrepresenting Jerry Brito and what he is trying to do because you zero understanding of how those things work.   Everybody who doesn't agree with your entire agenda is claimed to support the Leviathan and anyone who doesn't agree with your wing nut agenda is a "troll."  You are supposed to be running a Foundation and you go around calling people "trolls?"  How old are you?
An organization that is promoting Bitcoin would stay neutral on those issues and they certainly would not be putting out the childish tweets.  On top of that you should have your tweeter check with your chief scientist before tweeting incorrect technical information.
If the Foundation were actually promoting Bitcoin they would be promoting merchant adoption, Unicode symbols, educational videos (without the political agendas), etc.  If you want to promote some nut case agenda go right ahead but don't go around claiming you are promoting all of Bitcoin or try to imply everybody who uses Bitcoin agrees.  When I discuss Bitcoin with random people not involved in the whole Reddit/Foundation/Bitcointalk world almost nobody agrees with your agenda and they never will.  You are so involved with your little group that you don't take that into account or even see it.  
The Foundation is not Bitcoin, it is one faction of Bitcoin.  That one guy from MIT wants to use Bitcoin to promote some kind of socialist agenda and I want nothing to do with that either.
it all boils down to the fact that I am involved in Bitcoin but I want no association with the agenda of Roger, Erik, etc.  You guys are embarrassing and if you want some little club to promote your ideas go ahead but don't use the technology to try to drag people into it because that will never work and you just damage Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-11-28 01:23:21
Because people let them.
@_date: 2015-11-25 16:21:10
The value of the coins is set at the time you receive them and that is income.  Then when you sell/spend them you have to calculate the gain/loss.  It is a pain but you just have to keep a spreadsheet.
@_date: 2015-11-05 15:30:35
How quaint.  
@_date: 2015-11-28 23:59:10
It is form 8938, Statement of Specified Foreign Financial Assets.  It looks like it has a higher threshold, $75K.  Not really sure of all the differences, I use tax attorney Tyson Cross who specialized in Bitcoin so maybe you can ask him.
@_date: 2015-11-12 03:08:10
Her video [Genesis]( clearly indicates she is actually Satoshi.
@_date: 2015-11-26 06:58:32
Bitcoin deflates to a certain extent because coins are lost.  However, that is somewhat irrelevant since it is unlikely that Bitcoin will be the only currency used.  People will most likely choose to use a number of different currencies. 
 


If that is supposed most Bitcoiners know more than mainstream economists there is really no basis for that.  Most arguments put forth by Bitcoiners are based on memes rather than any sort of educated analysis and there is no track record.
@_date: 2015-11-29 01:31:50
Was that a yes or a no?  
@_date: 2015-11-19 02:59:56
I believe Coinbase is the average over 24 hours so each point is the 24-hour average for that day.
@_date: 2015-11-25 19:57:38
It appears your web server is redirecting "cryptograffiti.com" to "  however, there is no DNS records for "  
add an A record for "www"
@_date: 2015-11-15 12:25:08
If he was thinking then there would not be a problem.
@_date: 2015-11-03 04:44:42
There is no talking sense to you.  it is not about "beliefs," it is about facts and the law.  I don't understand why Bitcoin attracts all these crazy people.  It is really embarrassing to be associated with people like you by virtue of being interested in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-11-05 17:52:29
I support gun ownership but you are providing a childish/wing nut argument for a complex issue.  You are not qualified to run a Foundation.
@_date: 2015-11-25 16:46:48
[Like this guy explaining how he lost the private keys to his exchange?](
Of course Bitcoin is built upon Internet standards who were developed by [this guy.](
@_date: 2015-11-02 03:34:10
Some nut case filed a rambling lawsuit claiming he lost $1 Billion due to the Bitcoin license.  He sued the wrong party and it got dismissed at some point but this has been going on for 3 years.  the aforementioned nut case then ran for a seat on the Bitcoin Foundation.  He gets his legal advice on reddit:
@_date: 2015-11-15 10:39:25
Why don't you concentrate on programming and sit back and try to listen to people like Jerry Brito who have experience in this stuff?  Maybe it doesn't get enough reddit karma to do that?
@_date: 2015-11-11 02:21:52
I thought Bitcoin was a tool where you did not need to use a central bank?  Being a tool that can be used to circumvent central banks is not the same thing as saying it will replace them.  
@_date: 2015-11-02 16:02:15
That is because is has no merit.  If you want to do something useful talk to Coin Center.  Plus, Santori would probably explain to you why you are wasting your time.
@_date: 2015-11-29 04:00:47
I don't see how anyone can guarantee 100% a zero confirmation double spend won't happen.  Is there even a requirement that tx be broadcast?  Can't it be sent directly to a miner on some private channel?
@_date: 2015-11-29 00:09:23


Cool, That means I can get your private keys because they want to be free?
@_date: 2015-11-13 04:59:41
the address is calculated from the public key and you can't go backwards.  It is in your wallet for one.  The public key only gets displayed in the blockchain when you do a transaction.  One reason people say not to reuse addresses because a transaction reveals the public key and if anyone can ever figure out how to break the crypto then coins in that address could theoretically be stolen.  
@_date: 2015-11-27 17:39:53
I ordered some infused honey
@_date: 2015-11-20 17:31:07
This all depends on Bitcoin being the only currency and there is no basis for that.  There are fiat currencies and many crypto currencies, etc.  people have had the ability to demand "sane" policies long before Bitcoin so why would Bitcoin suddenly change human nature?  Bitcoin is a voluntary system so the only way to do what you are suggesting is to force people to use Bitcoin and nothing else.  There is also no explanation how Bitcoin would make government more accountable.
As for roads and hospitals, etc. you don't explain who would build them or what their incentive would be.  Thinks like war are funded in the same way and many other things not war related  and there is never any explanation of how Bitcoin will change that.
In any case your whole theory depends on people realizing something that has been known for many years and I don't see how Bitcoin changes human nature.  If people could be convinced by the arguments you are presenting they would have moved into things like gold years ago.  
I don't see where Bitcoin has anything to do with war or whether governments can fund things.
@_date: 2015-03-03 02:00:17
The company is in California and I am in NJ.  I could sue and probably get a judgment and then I would have to collect on a $300 judgment on some company in CA.
@_date: 2015-04-18 13:33:09
I didn't say anything about "randomly" deleting anything and I didn't say you should do anything.  I said you could have deleted things "periodically" like many sites and services do.  It is difficult to explain anything to you because everything is some kind crazy extreme. 
@_date: 2015-11-12 20:47:01
It is about acting as a money transmitter.
@_date: 2015-11-11 15:37:49
In other words you are making stuff up to fit your agenda.
@_date: 2015-11-05 03:39:50
So everyone who gets crapped on is a real hero?
@_date: 2015-11-15 11:07:53


Some people think that once people use Bitcoin they will walk around with Ayn Rand books under their arm.  lol
@_date: 2015-11-25 16:24:33
Do the tokens themselves have value?  I suspect you would just use the underlying asset and trade it the same way as if you bought and sold assets like a stock?  You just need a way to set the value.
@_date: 2015-11-26 01:10:11
@_date: 2015-11-12 05:32:45
There is no way to measure hash rate directly.  It is estimated based on the time between found blocks. 
@_date: 2015-11-24 22:08:05
That domain is for sale at 
@_date: 2015-11-29 00:02:17
That is not a viable incentive system besides being ridiculous.
@_date: 2015-03-17 18:39:10
Most of those have very small contributions and that is a tiny number compared to other large scale projects.
@_date: 2015-03-24 11:17:28
No, what you are doing is throwing a temper tantrum because you are looking at the personalities involved rather than the issues of risk.  While it is true there are some checks and balances there are several chokepoints that are a risk to the Bitcoin system.  Just because it is a risk does not mean it will definatly be a problem but it has the potential to be a problem.  No matter who the people are, there is a risk in having just 5 people being in control of the Github.  many of them have business interests in how Bitcoin gets developed causing all these arguments over side chains, block size, etc.  Waiving you hand, pretending it is not an issue, and saying anyone can contribute is not a solution as it evident by the constant lobbying of the core developers to add things.  Treating the situation like a cultist is not doing Bitcoin any good.
The Bitcoin Foundation pays most of the developers and they exert control over Bitcoin.org by paying the people to operate that.  The Wiki is also controlled by essentially the same group and while it has some good information much of it is inaccurate and incomplete and it is not a dependable resource.  
@_date: 2015-10-26 11:43:35
haha - he says he against the censorship in other forums yet he posts this:


@_date: 2015-10-24 16:28:32
I didn't give an opinion one way or the other, I just pointed out that the statement does not even come close to addressing the actual complex issues.  It is just fodder for teenagers on Reddit and serves no useful purpose in the actual analysis of the issues.  
@_date: 2015-03-29 21:22:37
Bitcoin is only a partial solution to the byzantine General problem.  In that problem you have a fact that gets conveyed to the recipients.  In Bitcoin miners set the "facts" and someone with 51% of the hashing power can change those facts.  You have to trust that the mining system in order to trust the data.  Requiring people to trust that process is like trying to pass a law that says 2+2=5.
@_date: 2015-11-02 16:04:17
I would not say "rarely" but he does do it too much.  
@_date: 2015-11-14 10:16:53
.ca has a stronger privacy policy than most domain registrars.  they don't show the records of privacy protected domains.
@_date: 2015-11-06 02:02:40
It is not "just you saying," you used the Foundation to put forth your political agenda.  You constantly go out of your way to use your position with the Foundation promote Roger Ver when he tries to tie in his personal political agendas into Bitcoin discussions.  Wars and children dying have nothing to do with Bitcoin and the Foundation should not involved in those issues.  I assume in your world you either support Ver or you support killing children?
I believe engaging people like Coin Center does is a great idea and does much  to promote Bitcoin.  I believe your position damages Bitcoin.  I believe claiming every interaction is helping "the violent ones" is ignorant.  Even though many things are done wrong you depend on people like ICE and DHS for many things.  You would not have the life you have now if those things did not exist and you offer no reasonable alternative.  I don't care what you people think but I don't like linking your agenda to my money.  you use US dollars so you must support the policies of the USA, including ICE and DHS ... Right?  lol
@_date: 2015-11-15 01:02:20
Decentralization is a continuum, not a bright line.
@_date: 2015-03-09 16:51:31
You are doing work to prove you did work.  The work itself is "useless" except to prove you did work to get the answer.  If someone wanted to create "fake" block they could just insert into the blockchain if no work was required.  However, under "proof of work" they would have to buy many computers and expend a large amount of resources to get that fake block in there and it is not worth it to do that.  As a user you have a reasonable expectation that everything is correct because a bad actor would have to have huge amounts of computer power to insert a "fake" block.
@_date: 2015-10-30 23:16:24
I looked at some of your past comments.  You are one of the wing nuts that makes Bitcoin look ridiculous.
@_date: 2015-03-20 22:45:37
The Bitcoin cultists are just as bad as the Buttcoiners. 
@_date: 2015-11-25 20:17:24
But the commodity ruling doesn't affect the IRS property definition so that was true anyway.
@_date: 2015-11-21 22:37:07
You represent the Foundation irrespective of the account being used.  You don't get that do you?  Other than going around calling people "trolls" what exactly do you do to promote Bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-03-15 21:44:28
Sounds like they don't understand the term "exponentially."
1 client,
2 clients,
4 clients,
8 clients,
16 clients,
32 clients,
64 clients,
128 clients,
by the end of 30 days
1,073,741,824 clients
@_date: 2015-11-27 14:43:10
I looked at it.  Purse.io is somewhat confusing.  What exactly is it?  I thought it was about gift cards but they have items for sale directly.  It was a somewhat small number of items, mostly Bitcoin-related stuff and gaming.  Reminds me of the old Bitcoin Store except with far fewer products.
@_date: 2015-11-20 11:01:11
that does not explain anything.  How would Bitcoin possibly have any affect on that?  Why would Bitcoin force governments to use Bitcoin and only Bitcoin?  If governments can't borrow how will they build roads and hospitals?  You sound like you have no idea.
@_date: 2015-11-25 10:22:21
Many people look for the "killer app" but it is many small "non-killer" apps that will lead to mass adoption over the long run. 
@_date: 2015-11-05 03:35:44
Yes, but roger Ver's agenda has little or nothing to do with the Bitcoin technology.  You have hijacked the Foundation to promote the political agendas of your friends rather than supporting the technology.  As a result you are damaging Bitcoin by coming out against initiative started by reasonable people at Coin Center.  The Foundation has some teenager tweeting out stuff related to your personal political agenda rather than promoting the Bitcoin technology.  If you want to be involved in Ver's personal political agenda then start a Foundation for that and don't try to hijack Bitcoin for your purposes.
@_date: 2015-11-12 05:37:58
isn't this a hard fork altcoin proposal since the current miners won't go along?
@_date: 2015-11-29 00:06:23
I ordered a the gift pack of the 10-0z bottles.  Waiting for the peach to be available.
@_date: 2015-11-17 03:16:06
They can't make any money from taking a percentage of the tips.  They have to have some kind social media platform that can monetize customer's information.
@_date: 2015-03-27 05:59:56
The transaction rate has been linear so far.  There is also "pruning" and other alternatives.  I don't think you can make any kind of firm predictions at this point. 
@_date: 2015-03-09 16:44:58
Your argument says nothing about overthrowing the government.
@_date: 2015-11-28 23:51:11
Do you think it has anything to do with things like people flying airplanes into buildings and shooting people going to a concert?
@_date: 2015-11-12 20:38:22
Bitcoin is only good for certain use cases.  That does not fit into the agenda of the wackymoto institute so they will never admit that which is why I never listen to them.  Listen to Tim Swanson because he analyzes Bitcoin based on its actual merit without his opinion being tainted by some political agenda.
@_date: 2015-11-15 10:36:57
Well, funding people to go into a concert and kill over a hundred people is one thing that fits the definition.  Maybe with the new Bitcoin world order those people being shot should have called Roger Ver, Eric Vorhees, Bruce Fenton, and Theymos for help.  they could have showed up and explained how laws trying to prevent this are "immoral" and how the government agents are really "the violent ones."
@_date: 2015-03-19 02:38:04
You should both trust the mediator but if they disappear you can get together with the other person and recover the funds.  
There are not many places offering that service.  I saw a couple around but I never used any.
@_date: 2015-03-05 15:05:21
If you are not going to accomplish anything then it is a waste of time.  The world is not a John Lennon song.  There are also coercive/violent people in Bitcoin as well so that doesn't solve anything.  people have been grappling with these issues for tens of thousands of years and the  issues cannot be boiled down to a couple sentences a few memes.
@_date: 2015-11-02 12:49:38
As I understand it the current logos were just posted to Bitcointalk and people started using them.  So go ahead. 
@_date: 2015-11-30 16:53:17
What do I do if a terrorist is trying to kill me?  Whip out my paper wallet?  Call Erik Vorhees and Roger Ver to help?  How is this situation handled in the Bitcoin age?
@_date: 2015-11-11 19:14:11
I think we need "Bitcoin Saturday" or something where it is a weekly thing so Bitcoin is used like a currency.
@_date: 2015-11-20 03:58:38
@_date: 2015-03-18 04:41:09
@_date: 2015-11-28 21:03:35
Why do you think it exists?
@_date: 2015-03-28 15:31:02
Doubt does not always make people give up.
@_date: 2015-11-25 20:16:28
I don't think Bitcoin fits the IRS definition of foreign currencies as I recall.  
@_date: 2015-03-28 16:00:05
Why are you trying to associate this stuff with Bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-03-27 15:23:56
You are describing some of the Bitcoin users.  That is distinct from the technology.  
@_date: 2015-03-05 16:26:25
Your constant relies repeating these childish arguments is why I cannot stand the people involved with these fantasies.  Peace and non-violence is impossible in the universe we are in and it is waste of time to discuss it further and it has nothing to do with Bitcoin which is what this subreddit is about.  
@_date: 2016-05-17 09:48:32
Try Coin Center and the free Princeton University class if you want an unbiased description of Bitcoin.  People like Andreas are pushing a political agenda so his talks are generally biased and will not give you a complete picture of what is going on.
@_date: 2015-11-26 07:01:16
Bitcoin is not "Infinitely divisible" either practically or theoretically.
@_date: 2015-03-29 14:10:13
I didn't say "pro-Bitcoin", I said Bitcoin.  Ver gets upset because a clerk at a passport window won't adjudicate his complex legal issues, he promotes Mt. Gox when it is obvious people should be taking their funds out, he makes "Bitcoin Bounty Hunter" videos, and claims Bitcoin will end wars.  The guy makes Bitcoiners look ridiculous and he only attracts ignorant people and cultists who go around spouting information that they think is "pro-Bitcoin" but, in actuality, it gives Bitcoin bad publicity.
@_date: 2015-03-28 22:22:27
Doubt can drive people to do a better job.  In Bitcoin Tim Swanson is one of the best talkers because he has a healthy dose of skepticism but he comes from knowledge.  In general, some people got rich because they were always doubtful they would have enough money.  It depends on the person how they react.
@_date: 2015-03-02 21:03:22
You may also notice they assigned "Millicent" as the paralegal on the case
@_date: 2015-11-12 12:14:47
Bitcoin is a consumer product.
@_date: 2015-11-24 11:47:12
The issue here is that the video is about someone promoting a political agenda, not Bitcoin.  The facts about cryptocurrencies do not matter to her as the only thing important is her agenda.  For instance, a currency that pegged to the dollar is not  crypotocurrency "just like Bitcoin," it is something completely different but that doesn't fit into her agenda so it is misrepresented.
@_date: 2015-03-05 15:58:57
There is no such demarcation.  People want services and VC's want to provide those services so they can make a profit.  You want to dictate how people use Bitcoin so it fits your political ideology so you can say people who use Bitcoin agree with your political outlook.  That is because the ideology cannot stand on its own merits
@_date: 2015-03-05 13:41:00
Bitcoin is a solution to a computer science problem and can be used by all sorts of people with all sorts of ideologies.  For instance, it was used by the government to convict the operator of Silk Road.  Some people have latched onto Bitcoin as a way of promoting their ideology because their ideology does not stand on its own merit.  They try to imply people who use Bitcoin agree with them and they try to claim it was developed for their purposes.  They often try to say Satoshi agrees with them by putting words in his mouth or making unrealistic claims about what he said or did.  The people who claim the message in the Genesis Block "proves" something is a sure sign that person is a cultist.
@_date: 2015-03-05 16:03:55
Ok, then let's get Theymos and Karpeles to run society for a few years and see how things work out.
@_date: 2015-11-29 02:52:10
I believe it is $10K or more you file the FBAR with FinCEN.  Over $75k in aggregate then you need to file both FBAR with FinCEN and IRS for 8938 with your tax returns.  The FBAR has to do with money laundering issues and the IRS is for collecting taxes which are two completely different missions.
@_date: 2015-03-01 17:09:35
I thought Theymos bought the wiki from karpeles so that would mean Theymos is to blame if that is true.
@_date: 2015-03-20 22:41:17
Yes, I am shocked at the number of ignorant, uneducated, nut jobs that have attached themselves to Bitcoin (that includes both the Buttcoiners and the Bitcoin cultists).  However, the technology is sound and Bitcoin should be able to get past that.
@_date: 2015-11-02 03:38:01
bitcoin.com was registered for other reasons than the current Bitcoin.  there was a story somewhere that it was registered in the early 2000's and was transferred a few times.  The 2008 is the date of the new registration or, in some cases, it is the date of a registrar transfer.
@_date: 2015-03-29 14:18:07
I never said "nefarious agenda."  He has an agenda that is not Bitcoin and he uses Bitcoin to promote that agenda.  The problem arises when he misrepresents Bitcoin because his agenda is more important.  If you want to follow an ignorant cultist that is your decision but take your discussion to a subreddit that discusses that instead of coming here and making Bitcoin look ridiculous.    
@_date: 2015-03-23 02:26:08
The final versions are signed by a certificate owned by the Bitcoin Foundation.
@_date: 2015-03-15 04:02:28
Some wallets like Armory and Multibit do it within the software or you can use 
@_date: 2015-03-02 23:21:15
Urban Trends applied for the trademark and they make [knock-offs](
Russ Smith own Atlantic City Bitcoin and has the mascot "Milly Bitcoin" 
If it got approved the knock off company could go around threatening to sue companies that sold stuff with Bitcoin logos on them.  While any claim would be bogus they could cost companies legal fees if they did that.  
This whole thing got the Foundation to get an attorney to look into the whole trademark issue and that attorney could probably answer the last question much better than me.  
@_date: 2015-11-05 15:35:06
So what is really happening here from what I can see that the Foundation is really just a marketing arm of Roger Ver.  I guess he put out most of the funds to start the Foundation so I can't complain about that except the part where the Foundation claims they are supporting Bitcoin.  They are supporting Roger Ver's version of what he wants to use Bitcoin for.  That should be made clear.  The Foundation is being used to try to attack organizations such as Coin Center because they don't fit in with Roger Ver's agenda.
@_date: 2015-03-20 22:43:48
That has nothing to do with Bitcoin
@_date: 2015-03-17 11:54:39
All it means is that people can see the code.  you can suggest changes but the final decisions on accepting it is a very small number of people.  You can create your own version but you would have to convince all users to run the software so that is generally not realistic.
Some people claim that being open source means it is decentralized but that is incorrect.  the software development for Bitcoin is very centralized.  In Bitcoin the only part that is decentralized is the consensus over the state of the blockchain and that is done by a very expensive and slow process of mining.
@_date: 2015-03-02 23:08:25
Here is another [legal issue from the same company] (
The trademark office asked them if the term "BITCOIN" had any significance and they said no.  If they had told the truth that the term referred to the cyryptocurrency then their application would probably have been rejected.  Instead they proceeded as if they came up with new "brand" called "Bitcoin" for barware.   
I think I could bring a separate complaint against the attorney.  in any case the trademark board cannot force damages, they simply register things and make decisions on whether something can be registered.
@_date: 2015-03-02 23:22:39
Thanks.  Atlantic City Bitcoin/MillyBitcoin also got that FinCEN decision about Bitcoin mining last year:
@_date: 2015-03-30 13:16:56
So are their plans to remove the checkpoints?
@_date: 2015-03-20 22:44:06
Nothing to do with Bitcoin
@_date: 2015-03-17 18:42:23
The number of participants is tiny compared to large scale projects.  These cultish replies really misrepresent what happens in practice to a certain extent.
@_date: 2015-03-19 00:05:22
it equals the numbers of Bitcoins that have been purchased since news of the hack.
@_date: 2015-11-28 18:40:19
That comment makes no sense.  I am talking about a process of risk analysis and it is not pointed towards any specific issue or any specific person.  There is an organization at incose.org that develops processes of this type.  Here is one description of the process I am talking about and the benefits and drawbacks of doing it:  
@_date: 2015-11-27 22:07:44
The domain was just registered a few days ago and whois is under privacy
The real gyft.com has the whois public an it shows Vinny Lingham as the owner (who is the guy who runs gyft).
@_date: 2015-03-29 21:19:24
Bitcoin is not "backed by math."  It is backed by people who agree to run a version of the software and the data uses math to verify if is correct.  
@_date: 2015-11-13 12:09:31
That is what I say about you once you get outside your area of technical expertise.
@_date: 2015-11-27 01:02:52
You should thank the people outside of Bitcoin who helped you get to where you are today.  You normally take the opposite approach and claim those people are part of some "leviathan" who is conspiring against you so maybe you can change your attitude for one day out of the year.  
@_date: 2015-11-28 20:57:34
But Bitcoin depends on the incentive of miners to mine.  If mining is unprofitable people will stop mining and you will have nothing.  
@_date: 2015-10-24 14:00:39
Bitcoiners use propaganda tactics all the time as well.  
@_date: 2015-03-22 11:43:31
Yes, Bitcoin has been hacked many times.  In one case billions of coins were created and in another case anyone could spend anyone else's Bitcoins.  These hacks were fixed early on.  Some people like to say "Bitcoin has never been hacked" which is not true.  What that person normally means when they say that is that nobody has broken the crypto and nobody has calculated a private key given the public key.
@_date: 2015-03-20 15:34:20
Like I said, The issue about people who misrepresent Bitcoin in the name of some fantasy agenda.  You can post all the childish and ignorant replies you want but that does not change the fact that the cultists are scaring normal people away from using Bitcoin. 
PorcFest is already a cult gathering.  I never realized the people involved with things like that are so ignorant.  I really got to see that when I got involved with Bitcoin.  While I see the erosion of liberty as a problem the collection of uneducated idiots who attend those events will do nothing to improve the situation.
I really like the people who complain about my handle as the Bitcoin creator also used a handle.  That is typical of the Free State/porcfest/cultist people as it points out how their arguments are so poorly constructed.  But it is funny how they win every single argument in their mind.
@_date: 2015-03-03 02:22:07
I told them I preferred payment in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-17 21:42:07
Yes, many people are following it.  Large projects could have hundreds or thousands of full time paid people and Bitcoin is nowhere near that.  In any case I believe the number of people who have control over the final decision is about 5 or 6.  It has worked fairly well so far but it is a risk to have such a small number of people in control.  To just waive your hand and say anyone can contribute is not really a fair discussion of the issues.
@_date: 2015-03-30 12:11:29
Are the checkpoints going to be removed?
@_date: 2015-03-27 05:05:43
These are still open questions since there is no built-in incentive to run a node.  However, a 1 Tb drive is about $50 so the size is not really a huge issue, especially for miners.  But still, the traffic goes up by the order of n^2 for n users.
@_date: 2015-03-12 00:48:42
Yes.  The reason it ends is that the reward is less than a Satoshi and cannot be sent.
@_date: 2015-03-05 15:56:43
"attacked" and "attacker" is often a matter of your frame of reference.  Everything you say is tainted with political bias and those types are poor Bitcoin advocates because they often misrepresent things.
@_date: 2015-03-02 23:09:28
Yes, probably not but I will try.
@_date: 2015-03-28 15:26:17
What about Jefferson?   
@_date: 2015-03-15 10:51:10
I already had a die made for your side A at that osbourne coin company: 
@_date: 2015-03-17 18:40:37
Yes, you can "participate" but the issue is the decision-making.  The answer than "anyone can participate" or "you can fork your own code" without a full explanation is somewhat cultish.  I am discussing what happens in practice.
@_date: 2015-03-06 13:27:53
No, you are using the Bitcoin subreddit to promote your agenda because people don't visit subreddits that deal with that.  yes, assuming everone will agree to "peaceful, voluntary associations" is completely crazy.  I suggest you take a boat ride off the Somali coast or go visit ISIS to see what I mean.
@_date: 2015-10-31 10:12:51
Jerry Brito is one of the most competent people in Bitcoin and he should be supported.  Mr. Fenton should spend some time learning how things work rather than making comments about stuff he doesn't understand.
@_date: 2015-11-15 18:11:33
I was talking about you!
@_date: 2015-10-26 11:51:12
multisig has nothing to do with bitlicense issues.  Bitlicense covers situations where the company does have custody of the funds for some period of time. 
@_date: 2015-10-26 14:56:20
haha  You are a cultist so I am sure you think Ver is great.  
@_date: 2015-10-24 13:53:14
That would be jerry Brito.
@_date: 2015-10-26 11:53:46
They report to FinCEN, not the IRS.  they are both part of treasury but they are separate agencies. 
@_date: 2015-03-27 01:03:05
I thought he is saying because many people hold there is not enough flowing through the system to reduce the volatility?
@_date: 2015-03-17 20:26:41
Very good (and reasonable) discussion.
@_date: 2015-11-12 12:13:07
Your little story is why your branding style is not good.  Your logic is allow wrong and full of wrong assumptions.  First you want to create this "us vs. them" mentality and act like you know everything when you actually know very little.  They you call everyone "sheeple" and explain how everyone has been running the world all wrong but, based on some reddit postings and some web site, you have all the answers.  However, this all depends on the people you just called "sheeple" to go along with what you say.  Oh, and part of your claim is that this great hammer will work great in situations where a screw driver is needed when it obviously does not.  But that would go against your agenda so you won't mention it.  
Now if your point of this whole discussion is to deflate on of the cultist claims that Bitcoin has intrinsic value because the software is useful then I agree.  Like you say Bitcoin went through a time where it was worth nothing and you can compare the value of hobo nickels to Bitcoin.  They use the same technology but have vastly different valuations for a number of reasons.  You don't need a long talk to make that point.
As for the rest of the discussion about branding, you have no idea what you are talking about.  People will use Apple pay, paypal, etc. because it is easier so branding is very, very important.  
Your real message is similar to Rassah.  You think that people will use Bitcoin and then be "enlightened" and go along with your entire "anarchist" agenda.  The reality is people see some geek spouting off about anarchy.  They just roll their eyes and move on.
@_date: 2015-03-12 02:40:47
When you compare Bitcoin to bank people generally say that Bitcoin is decentralized and the bank is not.  However, it is more complicated then that.  Bitcoin is less centralized than a bank but the only thing that is truly decentralized is the consensus of the ledger and not the full system as you point out.
@_date: 2015-10-26 21:42:24
Knowing Mt. Gox is run by criminals is not the same thing as knowing the funds are at risk.  Being an expat is not the same thing as trying to argue complex legal issues with a passport clerk.  Shrem swindling people and being incompetent to run financial services is not the same thing.  Bad actions at WACO are not the same thing as saying federal agents are "the violent ones."  In any case I want to be involved with Bitcoin without being associated with "Bitcoin jesus" or associated with anything he stands for.
@_date: 2015-11-22 12:19:36
 
@_date: 2015-10-24 18:42:04
So assuming the governments of the world will be forced to use blockchains won't they be able to use things like stealth addresses to hide their activities and continue to engage in the practices you are complaining about?  I never understood the arguments how citizens will have all these tools yet the governments will be forced to use transparent blockchains.
@_date: 2015-11-27 17:01:17
I see.  I placed an order and see how it goes.
@_date: 2015-03-02 16:31:45
You seem to miss my point.  I am agreeing with you that no sane person would say that ads would be banned.  I am saying that the Bitcoin cultists making all kinds of predictions (such as Roger Ver, Erik Vorhees, Theymos and the other agenda-pushers and nut jobs) will also turn out to be wrong but that the Bitcoin technology will continue.  Andreas does a little agenda-pushing here and there but for the most part his comments are rational and correct.  Roger Ver and Eric Vorhees, on the other hand, are more like the Al Sharptons of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-15 23:02:11
yes, but do you think the lawyers calculated an exponent or did they make a hyperbolic statement?
@_date: 2015-03-05 18:04:26
Of course, that is the main feature.  That does not mean I buy into some political ideology.  People on here complain about issues involving interfacing with the current financial system but that does not affect people who want to just use Bitcoin so it is really a non-issue for the most part.  
@_date: 2015-03-29 21:29:19
Bitcoin has nothing to do with waging war.  That is nonsense from cultists use Bitcoin to promote an agenda and misrepresent it in the process.
@_date: 2015-03-24 19:39:48
It was February 10, 2015.  like I said it is treated like a secret society and they give different stories to different people so maybe you were told differently.  Who knows?  Transparency with the Foundation has always been an issue.  Whether you agree, disagree, there are different stories, Theymos did this, Gavin said that etc.  Then people sit around saying people don't understand or have the story wrong.  Is it is a risk of the Bitcoin system that users don't know the real story of who has control over the resources.  As for Github, there is no way to tell what goes on behind the scenes or what messages get deleted.
@_date: 2015-03-05 16:36:00
I didn't think that until I got involved in Bitcoin.  Actually, real Libertarians fight for smaller government and Liberty.  the Bitcoin pseudo-libertarians point out some problems with the current system and simply say it should all be eliminated while ignoring all problems that their fantasy would create.
@_date: 2015-03-29 13:45:14
Whatever his agenda is it is it isn't Bitcoin.  I guess you don't trust Satoshi?
@_date: 2015-11-05 17:47:27
Not directly, that is true.
@_date: 2015-03-20 22:36:53
People will use Bitcoin because it benefits them, not because of some kind of political ideology.  
@_date: 2015-03-03 13:22:50
You are fabricating Satoshi's intentions based on your own personal bias.  It happens all the time in Bitcoin.  In any case it does not matter who invented or who used Bitcoin first, it is there for anyone to use for any reason.  
@_date: 2015-03-05 15:25:21
oh, the "establishment."  And who might that be?  Anyone who doesn't agree with you?
@_date: 2015-03-23 04:45:56
Having push access and owning the repo is not necessarily the same thing.
@_date: 2015-03-24 19:04:40
Gavin told me himself in an email that he runs the Github.  Go ask him.  he claims he own github personally and his actions are not of the Foundation.  I don't find this credible since he is being paid by the Foundation and they sign the final software.
@_date: 2015-03-27 15:20:46
Bitcoin does not use encryption.  The ledger is shared and all the data is in the clear.  It uses cryptography to verify it.
@_date: 2015-03-05 15:27:22
Right, on here you are either a "voluntarist" or a "statist."  
@_date: 2015-03-24 17:12:14
I think the people who control the github will win.  They think that Bitcoin needs the larger block size to scale.  
There is a group of people who want to try to force increases in the transaction fees by keeping the blocks the same.  If space in the blocks were to be become "scarce" then miners could demand larger fees to give transactions priority.  Of course this could push users to use some other method (not Bitcoin) that has lower fees.  The long term economic viability of mining is a definite risk to Bitcoin and some believe that limited block size will help reduce this risk.
@_date: 2015-03-05 15:23:03
Your reply says nothing about actual real-world problems and really says nothing.   The same argument can be made about government.  Plus, many people in Bitcoin steal money at the drop of a hat.  Attaching an unpopular political view simply hurts Bitcoin, it does not help the political view and that is what many people don't get.   
@_date: 2015-10-30 20:30:25
I am sure my comments will get many people here upset.  70-80% of the highly upvoted threads are cringeworthy nonsense so that is no surprise.  
@_date: 2015-03-29 21:25:03
No, the op poster is correct and your reply is that of a cultist.  Coindesk articles are not academic references.
@_date: 2015-03-20 15:35:36
Great reply from another ignorant culitist!
@_date: 2015-03-11 09:08:33
Nothing is fully "decentralized," it is more of a continuum.  Yes there are centralized services that sit on top of Bitcoin (exchanges, payment processors etc.) but you are not forced to use a specific one.  
@_date: 2015-10-27 11:36:01
Ver is suing Amir for breach of contract.  The lawsuit is on his Bitcoin Bounty site.  It says Ver is accusing him of breach of contract but Ver admits in the lawsuit he doesn't actually have a copy of the contract.  lol
@_date: 2015-03-07 14:07:56
Bitcoin never had exponential growth
@_date: 2015-11-20 11:02:29
I was expected some smart techies ... but I am disappointed.
@_date: 2015-03-02 20:55:40
You look on the USPTO web site and you find when a trademark is published for opposition.  then you file a notice of opposition stating the reasons (and pay $300).  Then you go into litigation with witnesses, evidence, and so forth.  this guy decided it wasn't worth arguing with me so he just defaulted and didn't answer at all.  Now I will contact him and his lawyer and demand they reimburse my $300 or I will try to bring sanctions against the attorney who filed the bogus application.  
@_date: 2015-03-16 16:51:40
This is from the US trademark office:
Registration was refused because the applied-for mark merely describes a feature of applicants services. Trademark Act Section 2(e)(1), 15 U.S.C. 1052(e)(1); see TMEP 1209.01(b), 1209.03 et seq. As previously stated, a mark is merely descriptive if it describes an ingredient, quality, characteristic, function, feature, purpose or use of the specified goods and/or services. TMEP 1209.01(b); see In re Steelbuilding.com, 415 F.3d 1293, 1297, 75 USPQ2d 1420, 1421 (Fed. Cir. 2005); In re Gyulay, 820 F.2d 1216, 1217-18, 3 USPQ2d 1009, 1010 (Fed. Cir. 1987). 
As seen from the previously attached evidence as well as the attached evidence, the term BLOCKCHAIN refers to a transaction database openly shared among peers regarding cryptocurrency.  The term BLOCKCHAIN identifies the public record of the transactions of the decentralized electronic currency called Bitcoins in chronological order.  When customers would view the term BLOCKCHAIN in relation to the stated Financial services, namely, providing a virtual currency for use by members of an on-line community via a global computer network, they would immediately know it was referring to the openly shared transaction database used to keep track of the virtually currency.  The term BLOCKCHAIN is not a source identifier for a particular entity; rather as evidenced from the attached, the term BLOCKCHAIN, along with terms such as BITCOINS, MINING, WALLET, etc. are in the public realm to be used by all who participate in cryptocurrency.  It is not a term that can be trademarked by one entity. 
The applicant confirms BLOCKCHAIN is now a part of cryptocurrency nomenclature. However applicant  states [w]hile the word has meaning  it is not a descriptive word.  The examining attorney must respectfully disagree.  The term BLOCKCHAIN when used in relation to the stated financial services would be perceived by the members of the on-line community as merely identifying the public record of financial transactions.  The term would not be viewed as an identifier of source.  Thus the refusal to register the mark pursuant to Section 2(e)(1) of the Trademark Act is repeated and made final.
@_date: 2015-03-24 11:28:49
Yes, there is quite a bit of misinformation about this.  this is because some people claim Bitcoin is "anonymous" and then some Bitcoiners respond by saying that every transaction can be traced.  The truth is somewhere in between.  Technically it is true that every transaction can be traced but the real-world situation is that it depends on the specific facts of the situation as to how traceable any specific transaction actually is.  Someone with knowledge of Bitcoin can make transactions effectively anonymous if they put enough effort into it.
@_date: 2015-11-05 18:48:36
Just because he is starting a group does not mean he is supporting any type of regulation or any specify agency, policy, or whatever.  I had a day job for 27 years with the federal government (9 years in DC) and in my spare time I got involved in all kinds of policy groups involving privacy.  I testified at a few workshops at the FTC and I have met many members of groups like the EFF.  I can safely say that after watching Jerry Brito he is the most knowledgeable person by orders of magnitudes as compared to you, Ver, Erik, etc.  you are newbies to this and is in immediatly obvious to any experienced person.  Erik's screw up with those Windover Pinicples is a good example.   
I never said everyone agreed with me outside of reddit/Foundation, etc.  I said they would never agree with you and your agenda.  You guys think (Rassah at least admits it) that once people understand Bitcoin they will agree with your entire agenda.  I am saying there is zero chance of that.  
I actually agree with many of the basic points that liberty has eroded and I even work with the libertarian party in NJ Open Government project to sue various government entities over open records.  However, the agenda pushers who have latched onto Bitcoin and claim Bitcoin will end wars, that governments are 'the violent ones," and all that other nonsense is way too far out for me and I want no association with any of that.
Jerry Brito is clearly the expert in these matters which can be seen from watching his videos and presentations. I don't believe every major miner, CEO, venture backed company, developer, influencer, early adopter and techie in the industry agrees with you.  Your implication that they do is why I can't stand you and your agenda pushers.
@_date: 2015-03-30 19:40:31
You can't post images to the blockchain and you can trigger malware with anything, including posting to Reddit.  All hyperbole looking for free publicity.
@_date: 2015-03-26 09:02:50
I thought Death Grips broke up?  Last time I went to see them they didn't show up.
@_date: 2015-03-05 15:24:37
How can you "co-opt" Bitcoin?  Bitcoin can be used by anyone for any reason.  it is not "owned" by any political ideology.
@_date: 2015-11-12 05:53:05


The brand has been created and that is why many people are staying away.  Some people are trying to change that while others insist on attaching some agenda to Bitcoin that will never be accepted on a wide scale.  
@_date: 2015-03-02 12:56:02
You really don't what Satoshi knew or didn't know.  People with political agendas want to use Satoshi by claiming he agrees with them because their agenda does not stand on its own so they have to try to get people to think that it is endorsed by people like Satoshi. For example, "Nakamoto Institute" "Satoshi Roundtable", and the Foundation trying to call him a founding member.  Unless you get a direct message from Satoshi none of these endorsements are valid.  
@_date: 2016-05-17 09:50:41
Because he is an agenda troll and he doesn't like people who ask pointed questions.  He has a whole list of people he blocks from responding to his tweets and videos.
@_date: 2015-03-17 12:48:40
In practice it generally does not work that way which is why you often see people trying to "lobby" the core developers.
@_date: 2015-03-05 16:33:38
No, Bitcoin is difficult to use and it is expensive to converts, etc.  Most people do not use it.  Being used by a small number of people will not allow Bitcoin to reach its potential.  Some people have used the Internet to isolate themselves from the real world and they live their lives within this fantasy agenda and talk as if Bitcoin is some huge economy.  These people are generally using Bitcoin to promote their political agenda which is why they misrepresent things.
@_date: 2015-03-08 15:06:50
Bitcoin cannot overthrow the government.  That is ridiculous.
@_date: 2015-03-05 16:01:46
The only thing that matters in political ideology is votes.  In any case you have made my point because in just 2 steps your comments have nothing to do with Bitcoin and is 100% political ideology. 
@_date: 2015-10-26 14:57:42
You are correct.  Those things are not obvious to Ver which is the point.
@_date: 2015-10-24 18:04:18
Yes, I saw the cringeworthy by Coinbase but I am sure his investors keep him in check.  You don't see any successful bitcoin company going around claiming the intent of their services is to end war or replace the US dollar (like people such as Ver, Vorhees, and Rassah claim).
Coin Center does what they want and it is unclear why you want the government to regulate their activities via some legally binding whatever (who knows what you are talking about here).
Privacy right/human rights are things bestowed by other people and governments.  There is no single "Bitcoin industry" with a single agenda and nobody in Bitcoin has any authority to tell another authority what can or cannot be done.  privacy rights in the USA are very limited and privacy is something you generally have to do for yourself.  What some corporate person said as part of their lobbying isn't really important and it is unclear what point you are trying to make.
The point is Bruce has no idea what he is talking about and I referenced the people he hangs with rather than his direct statements.  But, OK, lets address his statement here:


Right there he shows he has essentially no idea how the process works.  Those agencies have tremendous influence in shaping policy and they routinely engage in such.  Simply look at the records of hearings and legislative history of related legislation.  
To summarize, Jerry Brito is an expert in this area and Bruce Fenton is not. 
@_date: 2015-11-15 22:26:16
Change addresses may link some addresses if they are later grouped together in a transaction but they cannot detect all the addresses in a wallet.
@_date: 2015-03-23 13:21:11
Yes, but for now it gets signed by the Bitcoin Foundation's certificate.
@_date: 2015-10-30 19:15:07
They realize Bitcoin is a good technology but they don't want to be associated with all the lunatics that have attached wacko agendas to it.  That is what I have been saying all along which is why I keep saying the cultist nonsense you spout is bad for Bitcoin in the long run.  You should be saying "this is what I can do with Bitcoin" but instead you say "This is what Bitcoin is" and then spout some political agenda that most people will never agree with.
@_date: 2015-10-26 15:31:58
You blame Theymos and claim censorship because people voted you down due to your poor reputation.  lol
@_date: 2015-10-26 20:11:50
I have many discussions with this Vortex clown.  I am not wasting time re-explaining things every time.  I hardly waste time with reddit anymore.  There are a few good people here but you have to sift through all the ignorant cultists and it is just not worth it.
@_date: 2015-10-26 14:58:47
He damages Bitcoin's reputation.  It is embarrassing to be associated with people like Ver just because I am involved in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-11-25 16:19:06
I don't understand, why will the taxes be more by this ruling?
@_date: 2015-11-29 02:15:58
That is the FBAR to FinCEN which is not filed with the  IRS or included in your tax return.  the limit is $10K and that is the total account value and not interest or gain.  FinCEN and IRS are different agencies with different missions.  Many people get confused over these things because they think the government is a single entity working in concert and they are not.  These different laws are passed at different times and promulgated by different committees with different missions.  There is nobody in charge of correlating all these things.  In this case it results in overlapping fillings with different agencies over the same issue which is why I use a lawyer instead of Reddit.
@_date: 2015-03-06 13:28:43
You mean normal people that live in the real world?  Take your nonsense to some other subreddit.
@_date: 2015-03-16 17:00:56
I would suspect it was a lecture that was created when Princeton did the mining paper and they probably just included it as part of this class instead of making a whole new video.  If you sign up for the class you can ask directly.  
Mining paper:  
@_date: 2015-03-31 23:47:11
You can encode a reference to a file that is hosted somewhere else, like a web site url.
@_date: 2016-05-19 02:01:15
Yes, I never used to use the term until people like Andreas used the "concern troll."  An "Agenda Troll" is someone who misrepresents Bitcoin to further their agenda such as Roger Ver, Erik Vorhees, Anarcho-whatever people, etc.  Bitcoin will not be the world's reserve currency nor will it end wars or topple governments, etc.  That makes Bitcoin look ridiculous when it is, in fact, a very important invention.  
@_date: 2015-11-29 02:55:32
I believe there are settings in your account so you can vary what you accept.
I found it:
The speed setting changes the length of time we wait before notifying you of a payment. The medium setting is recommended for most merchants as it is considered safe and on average payments are confirmed in 10 minutes.
If immediate notification of payments is desired, the high speed setting will enable this. However this setting makes you susceptible to receiving fraudulent payments and is not recommended.
Regardless of the risk setting, a fully paid invoice is credited to your account only after the transaction has accrued six confirmations. On average this takes an hour. If at any point we detect a payment to be invalid you will receive an email and a web hook POST immediately.
More info 
@_date: 2016-05-03 20:54:49
You are such a troll.  the issues is not about your fantasy agenda being "sinister."  The issue if that you lie about Bitcoin when you think it will advance your fantasy.  Nothing you say will "come to pass" or have anything to do with reality in this universe.  lol
@_date: 2015-03-27 01:12:24
When someone sells someone else is buying.  The volatility is caused by the small market (i.e. "bearwhale" had only 8 Million yet cause a large amount of volatility).  High volume trades and arbitrage reduce volatility in general so if many people hold the volatility can be larger.
@_date: 2015-03-07 14:07:18
yes we do.  it is rather easy (but expensive) to turn lead into gold as they are very close in the periodic table.
@_date: 2015-03-24 11:22:51
Yes, that is the issue over increasing the block size.  Each Bitcoin block has a size limits.  In order to increase the block size a hard fork is needed so everybody would need to update their software or it won't work anymore which is one reason it is controversial.
@_date: 2015-11-06 00:29:23
I read the Coin center blog and look at his videos and I follow what he does.  
As for Lawsky I have always complained about him.  I said from the beginning that the whole thing was his attempt at publicity.  I essentially agreed with Jim Harper's analysis.  NY should have first done a gap analysis looking at current regulations in place before doing anything.  Instead Lawsky went ahead with anew rulemaking so he could appear in the news.  He then leveraged that into a private practice.  That Ted Chino guy who ran for the Foundation board seat is suing the state of NY claiming the Bitlicense cost his small business $1 billion dollars.
The EFF does not go out and attack Coin Center.  Coin Center has essentially the same position as EFF on these issues so if you support one then you probably support the other.  EFF does little or nothing except write a few blog posts an appear at conference now and then.   Coin Center is taking an active approach to try to do something.  The wing nut position of the Foundation is to attack Coin Center and praise Roger Ver.  I was happy ignoring the Foundation until you started using it to attack Coin Center.  Now I am back to wanting it gone.
as for your other tweets, Bitcoin is only a partial solution to the Byzantine general problem.  The problem involves a "fact" is to be transmitted to various entities.  In Bitcoin the miners create the "facts" so a user has to trust the mining system is working as intended before transactions can be considered "trustless."  A 51% attack would not be possible if proof of work was a full solution to the problem.  
As for the issues I am discussing this is a common argument within places like the Free State project.  You have people who want to take a reasonable approach while you have a competing group of wing nuts who make everyone involved with the project look ridiculous.  
As far as the Foundation's agenda, I agree with people like Preston Byrne, Casey Kuhlman, Tim Swanson, and Jerry Brito:
@_date: 2015-10-26 15:24:28
He promoted Mt. Gox when it was obvious people would lose their funds, he set up that Bitcoin Bounty web site/video which speaks for itself, he pressured Ripple to sell him coins illegally and they got caught and fined $750K, he gave up his citizenship and then complains that a clerk at a passport window did not adjudicate his complex legal issues, he supported Shrem when it was obvious he was no capable of running a finical services business, and he claims Bitcoin will end wars.  He also used Ross Ulbrichts Mother to try to support his political agenda while she was going through a very difficult time.  Rather than focus of a criminal defense he was worried about making vieos to promote his agenda.  Ver has also sued several other Bitcoiners such as Amir Taaaki for breqch of contract.  The lawsuit says Ver does not actually have a copy of the contract but if you get hold of Amir, he has a copy.  As for the fireworks he claims he went to jail because he accused the federal agents of being the criminals at Waco, TX so they gave him a larger sentence.  He also keeps associate himself with Satoshi when Satoshi has nothing to do with him.  He also recently posted a tweet of his new hard drive and claimed the block size debate was about having enough disk space for the blockchain (which, of course it is much more complicated than that). 
These are just some of the ridiculous things he has done.  Bitcoin is not going to have mass adoption if it is associated with people like Ver. 
@_date: 2015-03-05 13:19:55
The Libertarians I have run into in the past are not like many of the people in Bitcoin.  the ones I have met fight for reduced government and accountability.  Many in Bitcoin have some kind of fantasy agenda where they talk about eliminating government and doing everything voluntarily.   It seems to me there is a huge gap in ideology there.  
@_date: 2015-03-02 20:47:08
It is all public information and lists my company address.  Some people are confused who think Milly Bitcoin is a real person but that is just a mascot name based on "millibitcoin."
@_date: 2015-03-08 06:37:55
No, Bitcoin has had linear growth.  Do you actually have any mathematics background?  See 
@_date: 2015-11-27 22:09:23
Doamain was just registered a few days ago and is under privacy so it looks like a fake site.  
the real gyft.com shows the correct owner.
@_date: 2015-03-18 13:41:29
No.  You can use a private a million times and it won't change the security of that key even infinitesimally.  Even if it did, infinitesimal changes and QC attacks are not reasonable security concerns.  It just confuses new users.
@_date: 2015-03-02 23:15:47
That did not reach the point of being published for opposition.  it will most likely be cancelled by the trademark office as being "merely descriptive."  They already cancelled a bunch of these like "Bitcoin computer", "Bitcoin Mining", etc.  The reason the "Bitcoin" wasn't cancelled is that they told the trademark office "BITCOIN"  had no significance which is why my case included a claim for a fraudulent application. 
@_date: 2015-11-25 16:22:05
I never used it but there is one at 
@_date: 2015-03-02 20:36:33
I won my case (be default) before the US Trademark office to cancel the trademark application for "BITCOIN."  People are now free to sell items with Bitcoin logos on them. 
@_date: 2015-03-05 16:06:14
The success of Bitcoin fully depends on PR.  Under your description every alt coin will have mass adoption which is not going to happen.  PR differentiates Bitcoin from other coins and other financial instruments.
@_date: 2015-11-28 21:02:28
That is to FinCEN.  The IRS has a different form that must be filled out with the tax return and I don't believe there is a $10K limit there.  My lawyer took care of it and I forget now what he said as it was in the Mt. Gox days.
@_date: 2015-11-25 10:02:22
The order button is a dead link so there is no way to order!
@_date: 2015-03-25 12:53:33
3-min intro:  
@_date: 2015-10-26 14:56:57
It is cultists like you that give Bitcoin a bad image.
@_date: 2015-02-05 03:57:57
Anyone who uses the software to do business.  People are not decentralized and they can be sued in the jurisdiction where they reside.
@_date: 2015-03-27 15:22:16
It is not "backed by math."  It is "backed" by the confidence of its users and the decision to run a certain version of the software.  Math (cryptography) is used for security to verify things.
@_date: 2015-03-27 15:26:00
Just don't mark it as a Bitcoin paper wallet and there is generally need to hide it since nobody will know what it is.
@_date: 2015-03-06 13:36:27
The problem is the site is developed in a haphazard way with no clear set of standards.  Someone pops up with some issue and claims it is important for wallet security/privacy, etc. and wallets suddenly get banned, etc.  They need a clear set of standards that is based on a systems engineering risk analysis and not some whack-a-mole system where developers wake up one day to find they were delisted and several unqualified people demanding they make changes to get relisted.  the Bitcoin Foundation is paying the developers of the site and they are responsible for its quality.
@_date: 2015-11-21 12:31:05
All the tools you discuss were available long before Bitcoin and people could have demanded the things you discuss.  For whatever reasons people did not do it and Bitcoin is not going to change that.  Bitcoin will provide more tools and some of things you discuss will happen to a certain extent.  
You should set up a Bitcoin discussion table at a non-Bitcoin event.  That way you get to talk to random people and I believe that will open your eyes as to what people want.
Also, there a number of flaws in your discussion unless you assume people are forced to use Bitcoin and only Bitcoin and I don't believe that will ever happen.
@_date: 2015-03-27 05:09:41
Yes.  For references see 
@_date: 2015-03-02 23:28:37
My agenda is to promote Bitcoin and Bitcoin education.  I complain about those that distort Bitcoin in the name of their agenda that has little or nothing to do with Bitcoin.  I should restate that I am against those that misrepresent Bitcoin as part of promoting a political agenda.  I suggest taking the Princeton University online class to understand Bitcoin without the misrepresentations and agenda-pushers distorting things.
@_date: 2015-11-12 03:14:09
I saw her about 3 years ago, fun show.  going again in a few days.
@_date: 2015-11-12 12:14:22
It is the cultists spewing out nonsense that is slowing down adoption and driving people away, not the "authority figures."
@_date: 2015-03-29 13:13:12
If you listen to [agenda-pushers like Roger Ver]( you can expect this type of thing to continue.
@_date: 2015-11-05 04:02:08
I am calling you crazy based on the content of your lawsuit and the attempt to claim you lost $1 Billion because NY initiated some set of rules.  Your activities will have zero effect on anything and the notion that I somehow supporting the "leviathan" because I don't support your useless effort is just one more indication that you are nuts.  If you want to try something do something rational that doesn't involve wasting tax dollars over a fraudulent claim of $1Billion.  They should countersue you and make you pay the tax dollars you are wasting.
@_date: 2015-03-03 02:03:30
I already sell items with Bitcoin logos (I had coins pressed and stickers made at CoinReserve.com).  I argued that it is a natural expansion of my business to sell other items, such as barware, with Bitcoin logos on them.  Since it was a default that issue was not tested.
@_date: 2015-03-21 03:33:15
It is about business proprietary information.  The issue is whether his business could be harmed by his competitors getting the info.  If the government would release info that would harm businesses then some businesses would not bid and the auctions would end at lower prices in general.
@_date: 2015-11-28 17:26:22
One of the problems here is that people are not doing a rigorous risk analysis when changes are made.  Instead of identifying the pertinent risks and comparing how these risks change based on analysis and testing you have a bunch of people tweeting and starting reddit posts.  Then when people complain sometimes a developer will post things to try to calm people down.  This is not a substitute for a real analysis and at some point problem will arise similar to March 2013.  Something could happen anyway since resources to do such an analysis are limited but there would be a much lower risk.  Users should be wary of  developers who try to promote a point of view by political means such  tweets, looking for Reddit upvotes, etc.   They should be able to point to a risk analysis that compares the current system to proposed changes.  It is done now to a certain extent depending on the BIP and the people involved but there is no standard way of doing things.  Many people approach things from different perspectives.
@_date: 2015-03-09 19:33:43
the developers need to start using the systems engineering methods that were started by Jim Harper. That risk analysis is supposed to be a living document and is supposed to be part of the decision-making process. Gavin doing tests on his Mac Book is a good start but it is not a systematic way of addressing the risks of changes to the code. The endless arguments over block size and similar issues should be evaluated as part of the overall risks and compared to alternatives.
@_date: 2015-03-05 16:28:08
Do you actually have any real education or do you just repeat these childish things all day?
@_date: 2015-03-29 21:35:03
Yes, but the developers have also put "checkpoints" in the software.  this is done to prevent someone from wasting your computer resources by sending you a wild goose chase of downloading a fake chain (early fake blocks can be easily created due to the low difficulty of early blocks).  However, this effectively allows the developers to choose the "correct" chain at least up to the checkpoint.  
@_date: 2015-03-02 16:57:22
Bitcoin is not a direct competition for credit cards, they are different things to use under different circumstances.  the credit card fees have to do with the dispute process which does not exist in Bitcoin natively.  the first issue is whether the buyers needs the dispute mechanism available via credit cards.  If the answer is "no" then you can start comparisons.
@_date: 2015-10-31 14:32:41
Not sure what you mean but you have to understand your adversary.
@_date: 2015-11-30 12:37:43
During the late 90's I remember several companies refusing to set up web sites because they were concerned their businesses would be associated with credit card fraud and pornography.
@_date: 2015-03-30 12:12:34
I thought that was the issue, you cannot tell which chain has the larger amount of work until you verify the whole thing.  If the checkpoints are not required or desired then why are they still there?
@_date: 2015-03-08 06:32:45
What does this have to do with security?
@_date: 2015-03-24 11:20:34
I tried a few in the past but the ads were very poor quality and I did not want them on my site.   is starting new service but I am not sure how it is.
@_date: 2015-03-01 17:18:32
@_date: 2015-03-02 16:38:43
No, you have a few email messages and postings and some cultists have read all kinds of ideas and implications into them that don't exist.  Anyone who says that note in the Gensis block is anything more than a time stamp and a cute reference to the projects are mental cases and I discount anything they say after that.
Bitcoin was created to try to (partially) solve a computer science problem called the Byzantine General's Problem.  Who or why created Bitcoin does not matter anyway, it is there and it can be used for all sorts of purposes.  these purposes included promoting a political agenda or tracing people so they can be arrested for running Silk Road.
@_date: 2015-03-11 07:31:15
They are able to send it home cheaper because the system is decentralized.  If it were centralized that choke point is used to extract higher fees.
@_date: 2015-03-17 12:53:24
That link is a rather short explanation.  While technically true the reality is a bit more complicated than that.  A small group has major influence over the code in practice and that link does not even start to go into the implications of that.
@_date: 2015-03-22 16:42:24
He calculates the private key because the random number generator was bad and he calculates the private key from signatures (so you need a at least 2 transactions).  In a way you can call that "hacked" but he has never calculated a private key from a public key by breaking the crypto.  That would mean solving a "discrete logarithm" problem.
as a side note some also gets wallets that are encrypted and he cracks the encryption password to get the contents of the wallet (which has the private keys).  In those cases he is not calculating a private key from a public key or Bitcoin address.  He needs the wallet file to do this.
@_date: 2015-03-22 11:49:54
These wiki entries are not that good and they don't really explain the possibilities and implications such as a 51% attacker mining in secret.  The Wiki entries are often made by cultists who don't really have a deep understanding of the protocol (or they just don't want to admit to flaws).  The maintainers of the Wiki are also irresponsible and not realistic (Theymos and Luke-Jr) so I would not use the Wiki as a source for new users to gain an understanding.  Some things are good but many entries are not correct.
@_date: 2015-03-24 17:40:09
The people who work on Bitcoin.org say they are paid by the Foundation and Gavin runs the Github where the site is developed.  As for the core developers they are paid by the Foundation.  Some have joined a company that is promoted by the Foundation and you have one guy paid by Bitpay.  Then you have other that contribute as volunteers but they are controlled by the owner of the Github which I believe is Gavin.  You are correct that I don't have links because it is treated like a secret society and nobody wants to post a clear explanation and things have to be pieced together. 
In any case what you are doing is very common problem in risk analysis.  People throw up a fence and claim a territory and insert personalities into the discussion of risk analysis.  The small number of Core Developers, the influence of the Foundation, and the "secret society" aspect of the whole thing are definite risks.  How much of a risk I really don't know but it is s definite problem that a small number of developers have significant control.  Many of the developers don't really have experience in other things outside of code development.
Jim harper tried to introduce a risk analysis but it was dropped and never really used correctly.   It was somewhat biased because it did not address the risks of the Foundation itself but at least it was a start. 
In the current "secret society" it is not allowed to bring up certain risks related to the Foundation, Github, etc. or people get "scolded" and "shunned."  This is a common practice and it causes accidents and security breaches.  People are not allowed to address risks in fear of insulting someone, making a supervisor look bad, making a contractor look bad, etc.  This is how the Space Shuttle blew up.
@_date: 2015-03-09 16:55:58
the exchange rate is not the same as "Bitcoin's exponential growth."  You look at things like the number of transactions/users/merchants, etc.  If you look at the exchange rate that is also close to linear if you smooth out the bubbles.  Most people don't understand the definition of "exponential growth."
@_date: 2015-10-24 13:58:48
Actually the statement tries to boil down very complex issues into a tweet and offers a false choice. 
@_date: 2015-02-05 03:57:09
It means that it is not a design mark like a logo.
@_date: 2015-03-11 07:34:11
Whether the transaction fees will support all the mining is still an open question.  Many people just waive their hand at the fee issue and say it will all work out in the future without providing any analysis.  You will have transaction fees and the fees of the companies providing services on top of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-20 22:35:46
Exactly.  people try to claim there are various "principles" and reasons but that has to do with their personal bias and their attempt to promote an agenda that has little or nothing to do with Bitcoin.  That is why there is so much misinformation surrounding Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-11-21 21:36:56
Actually the Bitcoin Foundation has a long history of endosing scams.  they allowed the Foundation logo to be used to attract customers to Mt. Gox and Inputs.io before all the funds were lost or stolen.  Now the Foundation responds by acting like teenagers and calling people "trolls."  Are there any adults monitoring things over there at the Foundation?
@_date: 2015-11-29 02:30:47
Many people use Bitcoin to promote various political agendas and that results in many people misrepresenting aspects of Bitcoin because the agenda is more important than the technology.  Some are eerily similar to religious fundamentalists.  Some operate on the premise that once people use Bitcoin they will agree with their entire political agenda and that is offensive to many people or they just think everybody involved in Bitcoin sits around listening to Alex Jones all day.
@_date: 2015-02-11 11:45:51
They give no address and they don't even disclose what country they are in.  They have a .co domain which is Columbia but their whois says Panama.  
@_date: 2015-02-21 13:24:01


This is comical coming from Theymos
@_date: 2015-03-18 04:46:22
I don't know if "reject" is the right word.  they just start mining at some block and they mine their own chain, ignoring what everyone else is doing.  They don't even need to be connected to the Bitcoin network if they don't want until they want to release their longer chain.
@_date: 2015-02-05 03:56:25
No.  It does not "belong to them."  They have the right to the exclusive use of the term as it relates to applying it to a business of exchanging bitcoins.  Just like Apple Computers has the right to use Apple to brand computers.  That does not mean "Apple" "belongs to them" as people are still free to use the term to apply to the fruit.
@_date: 2015-02-11 16:16:28
People who can put together something complicated like Bitcoin are generally not an expert in any specific area but rather have general knowledge about many subjects.
@_date: 2015-02-21 14:37:07
A Bitcoin wallet is usually a collection of addresses and not just one.  Every time to send some Bitcoin you create another internal address in your wallet called a "change" address.  
It is best to use a wallet with a "deterministic" key.  this means you only have to back up that main key and all the addresses the wallet will use in the future can be regenerated from the main key.
@_date: 2015-02-19 17:42:22
The comments show the business opportunities that exists in the Bitcoin space.  People who have the knowledge to sift through all the nonsense that surrounds Bitcoin are the ones that will prosper.  
@_date: 2015-02-27 16:57:33
Bittburger is 100% correct.  Just because a developer does good work does not make that person an expert in other areas.  The current system where a small number of developers have control over major Bitcoin resources is very problematic such as the Wiki and Bitcoin.org.  The solution is that other entities develop their own resources so the resources controlled by the developers/Foundation are less important (I know people will say the Foundation is separate from what the developers do but for all practical purposes the major developers are Foundation employees and the Foundation effectively controls the resources).
@_date: 2015-03-20 05:41:30
But people have to offer goods and services and they are in jurisdictions that have laws.  Every discussion I have ever heard about smart contracts just ignores that fact.  You can have all the smart contracts and blockchains you want but they have to interact with the real world at some point.
@_date: 2015-02-23 23:59:39
They say that about the federal agents involved in Silk Road.
@_date: 2015-03-05 16:39:41
If it stands on its own merit then people would be flocking to subreddits about it and you would not have to post your political propaganda here all the time.
@_date: 2015-02-09 13:28:16
Because it is a waste of time to argue with these kids who have no idea what they are talking about.  Look at the video they made, it speaks for itself.
@_date: 2015-11-05 03:23:15


And so how does Bitcoin do that?
@_date: 2015-02-10 16:01:53
The problem there is that the incentive will be small and it won't cover the cost of mining.  If you can come up with way to do it you can be the next Satoshi.
@_date: 2015-02-24 00:10:14
You are one of the anti-Bitcoin mental cases who argues with the Bitcoin cultist mental cases.  These arguments turn into 2 sets of mental cases arguing with each other which is why you should all take the class and stop arguing.
@_date: 2015-02-10 09:07:35
Yeah, probably.  Except people doing nothing are better than people who are projecting a negative image.  
@_date: 2015-02-11 03:02:17
They say I am unhelpful and annoying and they banned me.
@_date: 2015-03-15 04:22:28
Most likely.  Canada did a study about what they call the "mint chip."  It is a centralized currency and it is similar to PKI certificates.  if they decide you should not have funds they can remotely revoke the private key making the funds unspendable.
@_date: 2015-03-15 12:04:55
They call it "goldine" which is some kind of brass made to look like gold.  
I just has promotional coins made (no loaded value).  I sell them but I only sold a few as I have been busy with other things.  I already paid the die fee so if you used them to make your coins you could probably use the die I paid for. 
@_date: 2015-02-16 14:49:16
I am enrolled in this class.  
@_date: 2015-02-24 00:06:59
That position assume Bitcoin is going to overtake all fiat currencies and that governments are somehow going to be forced to use it.  It also assumes the world is either all government fiat or all Bitcoin.  There is no basis whatsoever for coming to those conclusions.  Rational people discuss Bitcoin as one more choice among a sea of financial instruments.  While it may pressure central banks, governments, etc. in some policy issues to automatically assume the world will be overtaken by Bitcoin has no rational basis. 
@_date: 2015-02-28 21:37:23
You can import the key into Armory and create a tx using coin control to spend the same coins.  But it is probably easier to just wait.
@_date: 2015-02-23 23:58:34
It may be easier for certain changes but you can't call it "impossible" like some people do.
@_date: 2015-02-17 07:56:22
Right, it is a solution to a computer science problem.
@_date: 2015-02-23 19:23:00
oh, sorry.  I like the ones that say it is impossible to change the 21 million limit yet it is easy to change the number of decimal points.
@_date: 2015-02-24 23:35:43
You probably just have the same keys on both phones.  You can import the keys into as many wallets as you want and the balances will show up in all the wallets.  You can also just connect via wireless and do stuff.
@_date: 2015-02-25 09:55:54
I used to think that free state project was a good thing until I got to see it up close when I got involved in Bitcoin.  The first experience was the coverage of the first bit Bitcoin.  they ran commercials claiming all government employees were murders.  Yes, that means janitors, social security workers, astronauts, etc. ... all "murderers."   Then I saw they started to claim that using Bitcoin would somehow end wars.  They would not explain it directly but they have some crazy theory that somehow governments will be forced to use Bitcoin and somehow this will cause to lose control over the finances and they won't be able to fund wars.  It is totally ridiculous which is why they never try to explain it.
Since then I have watched some of the people who have come out of the program and I have come to the conclusion that they are primarily mentally ill people.  They argue endlessly pointing to some obscure reference and they claim they win every argument and everyone else is stupid.  They constantly misrepresent Bitcoin and they claim it has this huge economy that has been increasing 'exponentially' since 2010.  they also claim the 21 million Bitcoin limit is "impossible" to change yet they say it is easy to fix bugs.  They misrepresent things all the time because they have associated the success of their agenda with the success of Bitcoin.  Grouping everyone together in one area turns out bad because they live in an echo chamber and they reinforce each other with total nonsense and they come out of the program all arrogant.
These people are one of the biggest detriments to Bitcoin because people thing all Bitcoin users are as looney as them.  I was really surprised at all this as I expected much more from the group.
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:59:05
Roger Ver and Erik Vorhees are two that come to mind.  You won't see them promoting a class because it will be taught by "the violent ones."
@_date: 2015-02-23 19:03:52
No, it is officially hosted by Princeton but it is not an official university class where you get credit.  If you are trying to say the class is somehow not legitimate then please post your credentials and we will go through a peer review of your comments.
@_date: 2015-03-16 17:03:05
It is more about what the media should put in articles instead of just "Blockchain"
@_date: 2015-02-10 16:24:05
Associating a Bitcoin address with a node might be a consideration for a core update.
@_date: 2015-11-15 11:06:35
Bitcoin and possible ways Bitcoin can be used are two entirely different things.  I would never mention central banks to someone who asked about Bitcoin.  To many people have tried to attach their fantasy political agenda to Bitcoin and that is why is has a bad reputation.  
@_date: 2015-03-29 21:17:12
Yes, It is a shame that some many ignorant people have latched onto Bitcoin.  I expect a group of intelligent technically competent people.  Those types have been pushed away by the crazies who try to control the discussion.  It is also funny how all these underemployed gamers with no credentials win every argument here.
@_date: 2015-03-17 02:16:52
I pointed it out to the instructors.  here is a discussion about it (about 10:00 mark) Peter Wuille 
@_date: 2015-02-26 18:22:14
No, people with an agenda insert their bias into the analysis of what was done.  Then they try to imply that Satoshi, as well as all Bitcoin users, agree with their agenda.  Time to put that nonsense to bed and move the technology forward.  
@_date: 2015-03-05 16:22:13
It is impossible to group all real-world situations into those 2 categories.  This is why I sometimes call these fantasy agendas points "meme-based arguments."  They serve no real-world purpose.
@_date: 2015-02-24 22:54:56
Yes, she is a the primary contact for crypto currencies for the IRS.  
@_date: 2015-02-26 18:55:35
It is funny how the cultists say that it does not matter who developed Bitcoin since it is open source when someone complains that Bitcoin is somehow insecure because the originator is unknown.  The same people then claim Bitcoin was developed for specific reasons and those reasons just happens to coincide with their agenda.  Somehow its origins suddenly become important.
The comment was kind of joke to point out how ridiculous you are.  All those things started out as government programs either developed directly by the government or through grants to universities.  Of course there were other players but the point is that you are correct, it does not matter who or why a tool was developed, the only thing that matters is how it can be used now.  
@_date: 2015-02-05 18:38:48
I used Gox price when I traded on gox.  When I went to Coinbase I switched to the Coinbase price the first day I bought some Bitcoin there.  You basically need a reasonable argument why you chose the method you choose in case it gets challenged by the IRS.
@_date: 2015-02-16 22:23:48
It is an online version of a class taught at Princeton  
@_date: 2015-02-11 14:32:33
He points out that Satoshi was not a cryptographer and did not know some basic things about crypto.
@_date: 2015-03-05 16:51:05
You actually have to ask that question?  Try getting an education.  In any case it has nothing to do with Bitcoin, this is a Bitcoin subreddit.
@_date: 2015-02-16 22:30:25
It is online.  The first 3 chapters are up.
@_date: 2015-03-18 05:42:06
The issue is whether the random number generator on your wallet is broken and uses the same number twice.  Other than that nuance there is no issue of security, only privacy issues if that is a concern.
@_date: 2015-02-26 18:42:26
Now you understand.  it does not matter that the technology behind Bitcoin, Tor and the Internet was developed by the government, anyone can use it for any purpose.
The part you don't understand is that a bunch of goofballs making crazy claims and cursing does not help mass adoption.  
@_date: 2015-03-18 23:59:10
Look, why don't take that Princeton course instead of posting stuff you know nothing about?  Other than the issue about reusing the same random number there is absolutely no issue with reusing keys and there is no realistic issue with quantum computers either.  
@_date: 2015-02-10 04:47:56
Technically, that is not escrow because the definition of escrow is a third party holding the funds.  
@_date: 2015-02-16 16:25:17
Computer Science (ComSci)
@_date: 2015-10-30 23:15:14
I looked at some of your comments, you prove my point.  
@_date: 2015-02-17 07:53:56
Bitcoin was created to solve a computer science problem.  One use of that technology is the financial aspect you are discussing.  You have been listening to people trying to use Bitcoin to promote an agenda concerning the banking system which is why you are confused.  They try to say that people who use Bitcoin agree with their agenda and they distort what the Bitcoin technology is.
The issues with Coinbase are completely irrelevant when discussing the reasons why Bitcoin was created.
@_date: 2015-02-23 04:36:44
If a miner would accept the transaction you can connect directly to their node so they see the transaction being broadcast.  
@_date: 2015-02-21 15:21:49
Most people don't want the responsibility of being their own bank.
@_date: 2015-02-12 18:21:45
It is like those that complain about the media types who keep linking Bitcoin with Silk Road and other illegal acts ... and they upvote all the Silk Road stories in @_date: 2015-03-02 14:38:00
You will find that most of the Bitcoiners who discuss it don't understand how Bitcoin and decentralization works either.  You have to separate out the cultists from the technology to truly understand it.  I suggest taking The Princeton University online class because they will not sprinkle the cultist nonsense into the technology discussions.
@_date: 2015-03-02 14:34:48
The cult nonsense is a big turn-off but you had a similar collection of nut jobs when the Internet was first being developed.  You had people saying ads would be banned because the Internet was for scholarly activities.  You also had people claiming the Internet meant freedom and they would attach child pornography to all their UseNet messages to prove their point.  Those people eventually faded back into the woodwork and I expect the same thing to happen in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-24 16:44:22
Exactly.  You need to take the class.
@_date: 2015-02-11 21:17:14
... and store of value.  Stress that it is all 3 because if you look at one aspect you don't get the full story.  For instance, investors just see the store of value part and they say it is crap because of the volatility.  They fail to realize it is experimental and that it has the other aspects.
@_date: 2015-02-10 04:57:34
"Fork" had different definitions depending on the context.  A "hard fork" in the github software is any change in the consensus software.  
However, a "hard fork" as far as Bitcoin network goes means the software is not compatible with older versions so you MUST upgrade for your wallet to work.  a "soft fork" means just the miners need to upgrade.  Most updates are neither, they just update some features but it is still backward compatible.
There are some people working to update the Bitcoin software so they can separate the consensus rules from the rest of the software.  Right now you have to analyze each change to determine if it will result in a hard fork, soft fork, or just an update that won't create a Bitcoin network fork.
@_date: 2015-02-24 02:13:06
I think Bitcoin will be a slow but constant adoption without any huge game changers.  Accepting Bitcoin is not enough, users have to have it.  In order for users to have it there has to be some kind of motivation/benefit.  It is getting there, just look back 1 or 2 years ago.  
@_date: 2015-11-27 21:33:02
I just ordered one.  
@_date: 2015-02-11 13:17:03
Live stream at 
@_date: 2015-02-02 22:30:27
@_date: 2015-02-24 14:48:23
Are you taking the class?  
@_date: 2015-02-05 15:08:59
If you want to control the address from which money is sent use Armory wallet and the coin control feature.
For the exchange rate you choose one method and use that method consistently.  For instance, if you buy from Coinbase use their daily avg price.
@_date: 2015-02-16 15:18:07
thx.  There is a textbook and homework assignments as well.
@_date: 2015-02-09 19:58:47
They don't know anything about finance.  They have a fantasy agenda and they try to use Bitcoin (and the name of Satoshi) to promote it.  In the process they misrepresent things and damage the reputation of Bitcoin by making it look ridiculous.  You cannot have mass adoption if you attached these non-starter political agendas to Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2015-10-31 10:18:52
The solution is more Bitcoin sites, not less.  He probably paid quite a bit for that web site and it is easy for you to tell other people what do with their money so maybe you want a career in politics?  Just buy it yourself and do what you want with it.  Bitcoin is not about worshiping individuals so hopefully people will stop looking for a savior to do things for them.
@_date: 2015-02-12 18:23:07
Oh sure, the government will be replaced by Theymos and Mark Karpeles.
@_date: 2015-02-10 18:44:01
It seem more prevalent in this space than others which is surprising.  The truth is most people want a central authority and some kind of figure they can turn to if something goes wrong.
@_date: 2015-02-21 14:39:49
That recommendation is based on privacy consideration and not the leaked key.  (The exception to that is the bad random number generator issue.  In those cases funds were stolen because they calculated the private key from multiple uses of an address.  they solved for the private key using an algebraic expression and they need at least 2 transactions to do that).
@_date: 2015-02-24 22:56:33
They are both right because they are applying different laws.
@_date: 2015-03-20 04:11:30
This guy is a cultist which is why he hangs with people like Erik Vorhees and Roger Ver.   This is a group that is always "right."  they never ask questions, they just tell everyone how the world should be.  They latch onto Bitcoin as a way of promoting an agenda people don't otherwise listen to because their ideas don't stand on their own merit.
@_date: 2015-03-30 11:45:24
Yes it is possible, if someone has been mining in secret.  for Bitcoin that is a very low risk but only because of the hash rate (which is not guaranteed in the future).  This can be done rather easily with many alt-coins with low hash rates.  The only reason to separate Bitcoin from any other alt-coin in a law would be the hash rate (or network effect) and it is problematic to create laws that force a user to accept the risk of a specific hash rate.
@_date: 2015-03-20 15:37:43


Trying looking the mirror.  the Bitcoin cultists are exactly the same as the Buttcoin cultists.  Both are ignorant and should be ignored if you want to understand Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-10-31 10:08:42
escrow and dispute resolution are two different things.
@_date: 2015-02-11 04:43:00
I got used to Bitcoin armory early on.  Use the cold wallet feature on an old computer that never goes online.  Then backup the key for the wallet on paper and remotely electronically (in case you can't get to your house).  The key is just a string of letters so even if someone found it they cannot tell what it is if it is not marked as Bitcoin backups.  As long as you have an old computer there is no cost.
@_date: 2015-02-04 04:39:16


Yes, I never see any VC-invested companies going around saying their customers should use Bitcoin to end wars and fight the leviathan.  
@_date: 2016-07-02 11:08:02
Yes, you ignorant cultists are.  Bitcoin is not a religion, it is a technology.  It is a new technology, and it is unproven and the model has many flaws.  Anyone who discusses the flaws or issues is either an idiot, Bitcoin hater, or paid shill according to you conspiracy theorists and cultists.  You make Bitcoiners sound like a bunch of idiots.  The article is perfectly fine and discusses relevant issues.
here is another one of your comments:


LOL, the same thing was said in the 70's ... by the year 2000 ... yada, yada, yada
@_date: 2015-02-11 18:42:54
They are playing "pennies from heaven" during lunch.  How about "Block after Block" 
@_date: 2015-03-15 23:03:15
that is a step function
@_date: 2015-03-23 17:13:14
In the long term I am not sure what it means.  there is also a copyright notice on the Core Client.  The control is exerted by hiring developers and control over the most popular repository.  Again, not sure what it all means in the long term but these chokepoints that are risks to the Bitcoin system.   
@_date: 2015-02-09 13:31:16
So what?  It doesn't matter what was done initially unless you treat Bitcoin and satoshi as some kind of religion.
@_date: 2015-02-10 08:42:30
I wish people would stop trying to link their political agenda to Bitcoin.  That is going nowhere and it is hurting mass adoption.  I use Bitcoin but I don't want to be associated with some guy claims Bitcoin will end war and who claims federal agents are "the violent ones."  And I am tired of hearing him complain that some clerk at a passport windows did not handle his legal issues.  Normal people are not like him and it does not help things to associate him as the "face" of Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2015-02-28 12:48:43
Bitcoin mag articles could hardly be considered professional journalism.  it is mostly people trying to attach their political agenda to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-11 16:05:15
SNI doesn't pay the developers and they have significant control over the protocol, that is the only concern.  if there were more organizations hiring developers then I agree.
As for the Nakamoto Institute, I want to get a board seat so I can destroy the organization from within.
@_date: 2015-02-24 20:34:32
There is no single "government."  there are various entities that have different missions and are covered by different laws.  The money transmitter laws cover transmission of things with stored value.  The IRS is also just guidance they give to follow their rules.  they have a phone number on there and you can ask your questions to an IRS attorney directly.  I have called her before and she is helpful.
@_date: 2015-02-11 14:57:25
BTW - Gavin also tweeted that Cody is a liar.  Do you think the Foundation should be making all the value judgments?  
@_date: 2015-02-06 05:17:16
@_date: 2016-05-17 09:52:02
Actually that talk points out how he is out of touch with the regulators.  It is just circle jerk stuff that goes over well on Reddit but not in the real world. 
@_date: 2015-10-26 11:33:26
Companies should not be associating themselves with a nut job like Roger Ver if they want to be successful.  The guy is a lightning rod for bad publicity with all the weird stuff he does.
@_date: 2015-02-22 14:58:28
It is a little annoying to have to get the blockchain updated locally and I have to move the data directories to a spare disk so it wouldn't fill up the C: drive.  But this is the tradeoff for having a decentralized system and I probably would not use Armory if I had to depend on them to supply the Blockchain data.
Many people say "decentralize everything" but the world would come to a halt if that were to happen.  Decentralization is expensive and time consuming and is only for things that really need it.
@_date: 2015-02-10 15:36:39
The lack of an incentive to run a full node is a flaw in the Bitcoin incentive system.  A solution is needed that avoids the "Sybil attack" where some entities run many nodes that don't really contribute to the network security.  You have to somehow measure the impact on the improvement to network security and incentivize a node that way.  
@_date: 2015-02-23 19:01:20
They are correct.  It is 2140 where the block reward will be less that one Satoshi and too small to reward.
@_date: 2015-02-09 14:01:15
The summary is:  Bitcoin will end war, collapse governments, and stop the leviathan.
@_date: 2015-02-23 17:21:13
This class is one of the most important things in moving Bitcoin forward at the moment.  The misinformation being spread by the people who are using Bitcoin to promote an agenda is unbelievable.  You may note that the agenda pushers (that some people on here worship)are nowhere to be found when a legitimate place like Princeton U. gets involved.  The agenda-pushers don't want educational because their main goal is to promote the nonsense associated with their fantasy agendas and not facts.
Couple that with the many people who are against Bitcoin because they misunderstand it and you have the mess that you see now in many of the threads posted here, on Bitcointalk and in the media.
If you really want to understand Bitcoin take this class and listen to people like Jerry Brito at Coin Center.
@_date: 2015-02-11 16:13:53
You should do both.  You never know what kind of backup you will need.
@_date: 2016-07-29 18:11:33
Name one product, good, or service that is commercially available that needs ETH.
@_date: 2015-02-09 15:00:53
haha.  They all have vids on youtube from the gazillion other Bitcoin conferences they have attended.  if you want info about Bitcoin listen to people like Jerry Brito instead of a bunch of agenda pushers talking about fantasies who use the Satoshi name to promote themselves. 
@_date: 2015-02-24 14:50:29
Are you taking the class?
@_date: 2015-03-18 04:42:49
Ant miners for ant people 
@_date: 2016-07-29 11:50:59
You know absolutly nothing about legal issues.
@_date: 2016-07-26 11:11:38
Maybe it is true is some certain situations but I think the violence just gets pushed to other places.  If you look at the Silk Road with all the attempted hits then you can see that.  The simpleton arguments and meme's that the agenda-pushers make are not usually valid in the real world.  
@_date: 2016-07-01 20:55:22
I mean you send money to someone and you don't get what you paid for ... like all those people who expected Bitcoin miners being delivered in 2 weeks.  lol 
@_date: 2015-02-24 00:19:40
You are attaching a fantasy agenda to Bitcoin that most people will never agree with. 
@_date: 2015-02-06 03:25:54
Tell [the man]( 
@_date: 2015-02-28 21:29:48
If you mean blockchain.info it is under import/export in account settings
@_date: 2015-03-05 16:56:45
Theymos owns the site, there is nothing that can be down while that is that way.  I tried to get them to update the Wiki and put the relevant info into Bitcoin.org but they would have none of it.  the solution is to ignore the Wiki and develop your own resources as it is pointless to argue with crazy people like Luke and Theymos.
This is indirectly the fault of the Bitcoin Foundation.  They elevate Theymos' status in the Bitcoin world by doing things like giving him the emergency alert key.  Now he has control over several resources and the only thing to do is make these resources less important.  as long as software developers are given authority to do things outside of software development you can expect these things to happen.
@_date: 2016-07-21 03:05:49
A permissioned Blockchain is a completely different thing than Bitcoin and does not affect it one way or the other.  There is no purpose in posting all this childish crap to try to make fun of them.  It is just circle jerk nonsense that makes Bitcoiners look like a bunch of kids making fun of adults.
@_date: 2016-07-21 04:01:15
[Yada, yada, yada](
@_date: 2015-03-17 12:50:58
The Github process is controlled by a very small number of people.  That process is probably one of Bitcoin's biggest risks because it probably the biggest choke point in the system.
@_date: 2016-07-02 10:55:19
The article is fine.
@_date: 2016-07-29 17:20:47
you cultists are weird.
@_date: 2016-07-27 18:12:27
You are in some kind of fantasy land and you have no idea how the real world works.  My lifestyle is much better than those before me due to advances in society.  All you do is pick out out some bad things and say the whole system should be abolished.  You have no plan for anything and you claim crimes is not a problem. lol.  You sound like you are mentally ill to be honest.
@_date: 2015-02-09 13:41:12
Yes, they don't identify themselves on their web site.  their domain registration info is "Xiamen eName Network Co., Ltd." but you should not have to go the whois lookup for that.  they don't meet basic standards of a financial web site.  for instance, they could not operate under the proposed Bitlicense and they could not even run banner ads using Google because they both require the company to be identified on the web site where they do business.
They also have a user agreement that says any dispute is done by arbitration in Hong Kong.  The agreements are all vague and they don't even list the company name that is supposedly bound by the agreement. 
@_date: 2015-03-20 04:54:09
Go ahead, believe what you want.  The problem is where people misrepresent Bitcoin when it fits their agenda.  If the ideas were so good they will stand on their own merit and there is no reason to go posting that crap in Bitcoin discussions or linking the success of the fantasy to a technology.
@_date: 2015-02-26 12:17:27
yeah, so?  He states some facts about the current system and he proposes a computer science solution to the problem.  It has absolutely nothing to do with funding war or changing the structure (eliminating) governments.  You take one or two sentences and then you create this big explanation that is based on your bias, not what Satoshi said.  This is cult-like and not rational.
You have proved my point that the people who come out of that Free State projects are mental cases.  Not what I expected but that is the way it is.  Too bad.  
@_date: 2015-02-25 23:51:51
You treat Bitcoin like a religion and Satoshi like some kind of prophet.  All that message was in the genesis lock was a timestamp with a cute reference to the banks.  The people who read more into it are mental cases.  
@_date: 2015-02-05 04:42:10
Coinbase is the first transaction in every block and it is the miner's reward.  Bitcoin could not function without it.
@_date: 2016-07-21 02:48:55
the law is real, the people who died using silk Road are real, the criminals who have caught using those laws are also real.  There have been many abuses of the laws and maybe those people are criminals but Charlie admitted to being a criminal.  
What is not real is your childish arguments, they are nonsense that don't stand up in the real world and make Bitcoiners look ridiculous and, as the judge said, immature.
@_date: 2016-07-21 03:01:02
Oh, OK.  I bet you heard that on Alex jones .... or should I say Bill Hicks????
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:57:53
That doesn't make sense.  Take the class.
@_date: 2016-07-26 18:06:37
"the state" is a collection of different entities with different missions and purposes.  To talk about "the state" as if it is one entity with one goal or mission shows you don't have an understanding of the issues.
@_date: 2015-02-11 12:06:54
You can also do it without burning any Bitcoin by doing a series of transactions.  
@_date: 2016-07-21 03:07:44
Are you a cop?
@_date: 2016-07-21 03:19:42
Let me know when you turn 8.  
@_date: 2016-07-02 12:26:05
The article discusses possible problems and issues with crypto so, therefore, he must have no idea what he is talking about.  He is either a paid shill, "concern troll", being paid by JP Morgan, etc. because he brought up issues with crypto.   That is the conspiracy theory.
@_date: 2015-02-03 02:14:54
Yiu can follow it at 
@_date: 2016-07-02 11:47:06
it has nothing to do with your or I, it is about the article.  It is one of the few well written articles about crypto and I was going to post it myself.  Anyone can read the article for themselves and determine whether the author knows what he is talking about and whether your posts constitute a ridiculous conspiracy theory from a cultist.
@_date: 2016-07-21 02:52:53
LOL.  Yeah, the tri-lateral commission teamed up with the Illuminati to attack Bitcoin.  happens all the time.
@_date: 2016-07-21 03:13:29
If you want to send many small payments the miner fees would be way more than what you were spending and all those transactions would overwhelm the current network because of things like limited block size. 
@_date: 2016-07-29 17:39:54
I said there are no commercial goods that currently use Bitcoin.  In fact most people promoting smart contracts cannot even describe a realistic business case.  Not that they don't exist or that smart contracts can eventually be used but most of the people discussing now have no clue how it would be used in the real world.
As for "trolling," that is a term used by teenagers for people they don't agree with.  It is mostly custist who go around calling people "trolls" in Bitcoin discusssions.  If someone makes a comment that does not agree with the circle-jerkers that does not make them "trolls."  Posts about trolls rank right up with posts like "He gets it" and "Gentlemen." 
@_date: 2016-07-29 15:59:03
LOL, another conspiracy theory.  I never bought any, it currently has no utility as there are no commercial goods and services that need ETH.  maybe someday but not now.
@_date: 2015-02-23 23:57:44
Because they are both the exact same consensus process.  While it may be more difficult to achieve a consensus for certain issues it is exactly the same process and you can't call one "impossible" while saying the other is not.  If you downvoted the answer or you don't understand then you should be enrolled in the class.
@_date: 2015-02-11 16:30:23
They are discussing a 2-year timeframe to do a hard fork to try to make sure everyone updates in time.  So when the new version is available it will take 2 years for the new blocks to be used if they stick with that time frame.
@_date: 2015-02-09 05:47:35
Try misinformation and nonsense from kids who use Satoshi's name to try to sound important.
@_date: 2015-02-16 22:24:24
It is an online version of an official Princeton class.  
@_date: 2015-02-11 14:48:40
So you approve of the Foundation banning people from Github?  How much control do you think they should have?
@_date: 2015-02-11 04:46:17
The Bitcoin Foundation apparently can't even get a UK account because Bitcoin is in the name.  I would leave Bitcoin out of the company name and register a "doing business as" name if you need Bitcoin in there.  Just get all payments in the name of the actual company name.
@_date: 2016-07-26 18:09:13
He is saying you are a wing nut and your statements are worthless to advance any kind of cause because people see them as ridiculous and unrealistic.
@_date: 2016-07-21 02:57:34
Because many of the posters here are childish Bitcoin cultists who have no common sense.  Bitcoin attracts a lot of crackpots.
@_date: 2016-07-22 18:55:17
the intent of the laws is clearly not "immoral."  Maybe wrong or not useful but it is not "immoral" because the original intent is to help people.  These poorly constructed arguments about things being "immoral" do nothing to advance any change.
@_date: 2016-07-29 17:42:26
Can someone hold Roger Ver accountable for posting all this stupid crap?
@_date: 2015-02-23 17:07:02
I believe you are supposed to save all the info and create a table that shows the profit/loss on each trade.  if you repeatedly trade the same type of coin it is First in-first out.  
@_date: 2015-02-16 18:06:17
more info:
@_date: 2015-02-24 23:29:44
Your keys are in the wallet file so recovering the funds has nothing to do with Bitcoin-qt crashing so just back up C:\Users\USERNAME\AppData\Roaming\Bitcoin folder.  Rename it and start bitcoin-qt again.  make sure you have enough room on the drive. 
@_date: 2016-07-26 21:32:53
Most of the things turn out good.  Some things turn out bad but only kooks focus on only the bad things and say the whole system should be eliminated.  It seems all those people who think the latter gravitate to Bitcoin.  That is why Bitcoin is full of kooks and it is hard to get others, who don't go along with the whole conspiracy theory, to adopt it.  it is too bad the irrational people have created such a bad rep for Bitcoin since it really does have some very interesting use cases.
@_date: 2016-07-02 11:26:03
The article discusses governance issues in crypto and the author clearly has an understanding what is going on.  What he said doesn't fit into your religion so you try to claim he doesn't know what he is talking about.  Happens all the time here with cultists which is why this subrediit has so many cringeworthy posts.  It is also why it is hard to bring new people into Bitcoin because they see all the nonsense like you post and they think everyone involved in Bitcoin is some kind of nut job.  
@_date: 2016-07-29 11:59:25
The issue is that you have never interacted with people in the real world so you have no clue what is good or bad for Bitcoin as it relates to the majority of the population.  
@_date: 2015-02-10 18:27:57
OK, good.  the Foundation had banned me from Github so I can't submit things.
@_date: 2016-07-02 10:55:53
The article is good, much better than many of the comments posted in this Subreddit.
@_date: 2015-02-28 12:44:16
No, while these developers add some technical knowledge allowing these guys to "run" Bitcoin is a huge disaster.  It is true in any software development and it is certainly not limited to Luke-Jr.  None of the core developers really have any experience in these things outside of developing code.  Allowing them to set policy is a disaster.  Luke-Jr is just worse than the others so he gets noticed more.
Luke-Jr does not understand how to bring Bitcoin to the masses.  The worst part about this situation is that Luke-Jr constantly defaces the Wiki and exerts centralized control over it.  The guy was an underemployed gamer before Bitcoin and he knows little or nothing about the world outside of the code development.
@_date: 2016-07-21 03:17:12
If selling knives were illegal then it would be the fault, to a certain extent, of the guy who sold you the knife.  If the bank knowingly assisted in the illegal transaction then it is also their fault to a certain extent.  You sound like you know nothing about how the law works as these types of claims happen all the time.
@_date: 2016-07-31 12:26:15
I would say that there is not enough information to tell.  However, I would speculate that it would have little to no effect on overall violence and it would just shift problems to other areas and raise issues not currently contemplated.
@_date: 2016-07-28 23:45:16
I don't know what it would do and neither do the people making the claims.  It certainly does attract all kinds of criminal activity, fraud, counterfeit drugs, sending unsecured drugs through the mail, and sorts of other problems not discussed.  Whether such a system is beneficial as compared to other systems is an open question.
The problem is the exaggeration of what things can do.  Bitcoin is a great invention and very useful in certain situations but it isn't going to end wars, replace the US dollar, or reshape society.  That does not mean it is a failure or no good just because it cannot do those things.
@_date: 2016-07-21 03:59:38
This is probably because most Bitcoiners are not familiar with CFPB.
@_date: 2015-02-24 13:59:26
I think with Coinbase they ask you to log into your Coinbase account but with Bitpay you just pay?  
@_date: 2015-02-11 18:34:53
I personally would never use this because they hold the private keys.
@_date: 2016-07-23 14:06:20
Bitcoin is fine.  It is designed to do decentralized transactions, not instantaneous transactions.  You are trying to fit a square peg into a round hole.  You are not a "Bitcoin hater" just because you are pointing out that Bitcoin cannot do something it was not designed to do.  The problem is with people creating unrealistic expectations.
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:55:22
I understand the implications fully.  There are a bunch of nut jobs who overstate things to a ridiculous extent.  They often state that everybody else "doesn't understand" when they are usually young people who have accomplished next to nothing yet they tell the rest of the world they are doing everything wrong.  Their arguments usually amount so some simplistic idea or meme that does not take into account the complexities of the real world.
Bitcoin is a tool that can be used by many different people for many different reasons.  The agenda-pushers will try to make you believe that if you use Bitcoin then you automatically agree with their agenda.  That is not close to being true and most users with never agree.  
I am upset over the people who misrepresent Bitcoin to promote an agenda.  a quick look back at kwanijml recent comments and you will see:  "When are you state-educated morons..."  Well I was educated by the Sate of NJ and I have a Master's degree in physics as well as a degree in Computer science.  Professor Felton has substantially more than that.  What degrees do you have other then posting to reddit how everybody does not understand?
Bitcoin certainly does have political implications but those implications do not include ending wars, collapsing governments, or replacing all government fiat.  The fact is these people don't want to take the class and they don't want other to because it blow their nonsense right out of the water and they won't be able to act like a big shot on reddit anymore.  
@_date: 2016-07-22 18:53:22
Yes, people will buy drugs anyway.  The "reduction of violence" is a claim some people here make but there is proof of that.  
@_date: 2016-07-29 11:54:07
He never had any reasonable judgement so nothing can cloud it.
@_date: 2016-07-31 12:28:55
I think the problem is too much imagination.  Bitcoin is just a tool to provide trustless transactions and is not that important in the overall scheme of things.  It has no capability to change human nature, end wars, or replace national currencies.
@_date: 2016-07-26 21:27:49
Nobody cares what principle you follow since you are a kook.
@_date: 2016-07-21 11:37:22
Your posts are what is childish.  
@_date: 2016-07-21 02:54:19
How about the people who died using silk Road? 
@_date: 2016-07-29 11:56:35
Gavin and Mike hearn both have significant credibility.  You, on the other hand, have none.
@_date: 2015-02-11 22:04:33
Hard to say.  when they come out with version 1.0 that would be one huge milestone.  It was hyped too early and many people have overblown expectations.  Look how long the internet took.
@_date: 2015-02-25 19:46:05
A small number of lunatics have gathered together because nobody else takes them seriously.  This has NOTHING to do with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-07-21 02:46:16
If you read the court documents you will see numerous people ended up dead by overdosing or taking bad drugs sent through the Silk Road system.  The people were found dead with silk Road packages.  Also, there are a long list of criminals that have been prosecuted using money laundering laws which is brought up at hearings every time these laws are discussed.  The laws may be abused and used for other reasons and maybe those things are morally wrong but the laws themselves are obviously not.  Charlie admitted to being a criminal. 
@_date: 2016-07-29 11:52:17
How many conpiracy theories do you generate per day?
@_date: 2016-07-21 11:35:06
LOL.  This guy is a walking stupid machine.
@_date: 2016-07-29 16:01:06
Because if many people use Bitcoin it will make it more valuable and more influential.  Right now it is a small ecosystem populated mostly by kooks.  Of course if you want just a small club of like-minded people then continue on.
@_date: 2016-07-27 16:14:10
Yes, anyone can see that in a few minutes.  You are a Reddit hero but I bet you don't discuss any of these things in the real world.
@_date: 2015-02-25 19:44:43
I will make it more clear.  Both Free Talk Live and the Free State Project are a bunch of lunatics.  For example:  Roger Ver, Erik Vorhees, Stepahnie Murphy, Amanda BillyRock, Trace Mayer, Nakamoto "Institute" are examples.  They misrepresent Bitcoin because they are using Bitcoin as a way of promoting their agenda.  other than that I could care less about what they say or do.  
You, like them, put words in Satoshi's mouth and try to misrepresent things.  that is because nobody listens to your nonsense so you have try to say Satoshi agreed with what you are saying.  Most of the resonating is made up as Satoshi never did most of those things.  he created a software that is a partial solution to the Byzantine General's problem.  Satoshi never discussed government spending, that is lunatic crap.  the constant misrepresentations like you are doing is why I cannot stand both the Free state project and Free Talk Live.  It is a bunch of wing nuts and mental cases.  
If you want to post your lunatic crap go do it some other subreddit, this is about Bitcoin, not your fantasy agenda.  You come here because nobody listens to it so you have to latch onto a technology.
@_date: 2013-11-22 23:52:32
This was just filed recently in March of this year.  I can find no reference to their use before the application.  By making a claim like that they are saying they have been using the name continuously in commerce since then.  Have you ever heard of a product or service that was being sold under the name "bitcoin" in the past 6 years?  
@_date: 2016-07-27 16:13:15
That is ridiculous, it took human kind thousands of years to develop the systems in place now and they have improved immensely.  
@_date: 2013-10-20 12:31:08
Wow, and who will make the resistors?
@_date: 2013-11-20 14:57:18
You can send a custom letter from Santa and Bitcoin is accepted.  
I am going to add an option to include Bitcoin stickers or promotional coin with the letter:  
@_date: 2015-02-04 04:31:48
@_date: 2013-11-16 22:22:17


What is that about?
@_date: 2016-07-29 11:55:07
I see little or no differnce between the garbage posted there and the garbage posted here.  It is like Right Twix and Left Twix.
@_date: 2016-07-21 03:18:50
You are childish, not the supreme court.  
@_date: 2016-07-30 12:31:53
You have circle-jerk credentials on Reddit ... which is worth ....  
@_date: 2013-11-09 06:47:57
It is called "change."  All transactions require the totals of the transaction to be zero.  This means if you have 10 BTC and send 2 BTC to someone then another hidden transaction is created in your wallet sending 8 BTC to a new address.
If you backup before the transaction your "change" address may not be backed up.
@_date: 2013-06-07 20:56:47
@_date: 2015-02-06 05:18:26
It is supposed to mean that the legislators are stupid but Bitcoiners are smart
@_date: 2015-02-24 23:51:05
You can extract the keys using pywallet (py is for python) so you need to use a machine that runs python or install python for Windows.  Or just move the wallet file to a machine that has qt running
@_date: 2013-12-02 17:37:47
This is classic.  Look at the article this guy wrote on the same day.  It is about how all the prediction about the web made in 1995 were all wrong: 
Predictions About the Web From 1995
@_date: 2013-11-07 08:42:14
I assume you mean coinchat which is run by the same guy.  good one.
@_date: 2013-08-25 01:03:00
... and by Christmas it is junk
@_date: 2015-02-26 17:25:13
Looks great.  this is the kind of events Bitcoin needs for mass adoption and not events full of agenda-pushers who promote their agenda over the technology.
@_date: 2013-10-24 17:33:43
Go though the wallet restoration process before you send coins to the wallet to make sure it works.
@_date: 2013-11-07 05:17:00
The forum and Theymos are fully responsible.  They have been asked by numerous people to stop participating in running these ads.  Theymos have special privileges to TradeFortress in spite of numerous warnings and complaints.  I believe Theymos is responsible for refunding the losses out of the 6000 BTC.  I realize many people like the forum and will be upset by this but that is reality and there is no point in continuing to pretend it is not.  
@_date: 2013-11-12 01:12:43
If you encrypt the whole file instead of using the encryption in Bitcoin-QT someone who gets it cannot tell it is a Bitcoin wallet file.  If you encrypt using Bitcoin-QT someone who gets it can see it is a Bitcoin wallet file and they can see the public keys and so they know how much is in there.
@_date: 2013-04-21 04:45:44
Yes, Bitcoin Saturday is scheduled for November 30, 2013.  Between Black Friday and Cyber Monday 
@_date: 2013-10-06 19:24:45
What a surprise
@_date: 2013-11-05 05:24:02
Right.  You just back up a long string of letters.  Use an old computer and install Linux or Lubuntu on an old laptop and keep it offline forever to make transactions.
@_date: 2013-11-29 04:22:01
Yes, all the nodes do validation and they won't keep re-broadcasting if it doesn't fit within the rules.
@_date: 2013-10-30 15:14:39
See  to see coins where developers have tried different things.  The coins are given different names because they can't be spent as bitcoins
@_date: 2015-02-16 22:34:44
Don't worry, Neil Palmquist is posting comments about the class.  
@_date: 2013-12-24 15:46:13
Right, so they can still be sold if you comply with the requirements, sell them offshore, or just sell coins that are loadable by the recipient.
@_date: 2013-10-28 01:01:03
There are different laws but I would not say one has nothing to do with the other.
@_date: 2013-05-10 14:14:07
I've read that before and it really doesn't say much other than you can crack simple passwords.  it is just a blog post with no calculations.  I already explained that point in my post.  
A complex passphrase can be almost as secure as a pseudo-randomly generated private key which is what most people do.  So if you are using many words along with punctuation, numbers and/or other characters you should secure enough.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:16:42
Bitcoin is an alternative that will help a free market success.  It is an alternative to both currencies and payment systems that were designed in pre-Internet days that will add choices to the current offerings.
The regulators at FinCEN and some individual States (NY especially) see themselves as groundbreakers in regulations and they think the world is trying to catch up to them.  The rest of the world and the business community see them as a hindrance and businesses are leaving the USA.  The USA is  seen as problem holding up innovation rather than a leader.
@_date: 2013-11-20 02:29:03
Jerry Brito figured it out:


@_date: 2013-06-08 00:00:58
The other question about quantium computers.  The issue is finding an algorithm that can find the private key from the public key.  In the case of Bitcoin it uses Elliptic curve cryptography and you need to solve the "discrete logarithm" problem on elliptic curves.  
@_date: 2013-10-24 03:10:07
I just ordered one.
@_date: 2013-11-22 02:27:35
If you have a balance anyone can see your address.  Small amounts are sent out all the time.  It is suspected they are trying to break privacy by watching how it gets consolidated.
@_date: 2013-10-29 04:24:49
If you look at Bitcoin contracts and Pay 2 Script hash (p2sh) you can see complex transactions are possible since transactions are programmable.  This could open up a whole new market for transaction fees beyond just transferring funds.
@_date: 2013-11-07 05:43:13
As far as the customers are concerned they run the business anonymously.  
@_date: 2013-11-09 14:56:56
Actually it is a couple years old.  It was formed , dissolved, and then re-formed in another state.
@_date: 2013-11-21 20:05:33
There are some places that will pay in Bitcoin for work.
BTW - if you are in Philly I rented a table at the Philly punk rock flea market to provide Bitcoin info
@_date: 2016-07-21 03:53:26
I am just explaining reality.  In some cases it is just and other cases it is unjust.  The blanket statements that you see here just circle-jerk nonsense, the real world is quite different and most things are a grey area and a matter of degree.
@_date: 2013-12-04 21:18:00
To be able to use it you need to change your DNS setting because .bit is in the ICANN root.  Several companies have tried to start domain name domain name systems outside the ICANN root (such as new.net) but none have been successful in getting large ISP's to switch their DNS or getting large number so users to switch their settings.
@_date: 2013-07-23 17:18:26
If people want to invest with an unregulated market with some guy only known by pirate something-or-other then why should regulators step in?   Do people want regulators involved or not?   Or only when it is convenient? 
@_date: 2013-08-31 03:20:00
Did you get your BFL delivery yet?
@_date: 2013-10-06 14:14:02
"In addition remember that for a cryptographer the fact that the defender in the Bitcoin system only has a linear advantage over the attacker"
Can you elaborate on this?
@_date: 2013-11-18 23:22:28
@_date: 2013-10-04 01:43:28
Selling mining equipment you don't have is illegal and running fake investment schemes and running unregistered banks and issuing loans is also illegal.  Then you see these 50-page cry-athons where people sent funds to some illegal operation using an anonymous user name and they want someone to do something about it.  
@_date: 2016-07-29 18:15:32
What are your credentials?
@_date: 2013-12-01 02:27:58
Use Armory on an offline computer.  First thing to do is delete the wallet and restore from the backup so you know you can do it.  Use the watch only wallet on the online computer.  You need the laptop to sign outgoing transactions.
@_date: 2013-05-01 22:44:51
You can do a 2-factor physical bitcoin where the issuer cannot spend the funds without your passphrase.  
@_date: 2013-12-28 21:19:50
FinCEN is essentially the prosecutor.  They don't create the laws but they put out their interpretation.  They are essentially putting out guidelines and saying if you follow this you (probably) won't get prosecuted.  If there eventually is a prosecution it is the court that would make the final decision whether the law was broken.  Most people don't want to get involved with the expense of prosecution so they follow the guidance.  If you really disagree with their guidance you can ask for a declaratory ruling from the court before any prosecution issues arises.
@_date: 2013-10-27 04:27:46
All the people with Avalons got no shares because it could not react fast enough so the people with GPU's got a boost.
@_date: 2013-10-27 15:26:23
You send them funds from your bank account to Coinbase and then they convert it and send funds to a Bitcoin address.  That is covered under what FinCEN defines as a money transmitter.
@_date: 2013-10-27 04:37:17
I believe the reason is the Fincen Guidelines issued in March and the fact that Paypal has to file a Suspicious Activity report if they think you are a Money Services Business.  See section 35r 
I have asked FinCEN for clarification on the mining "guidance."  I have also said I don't think it is actually "guidance" because the companies such as Paypal are enforcing the Guidance so it is really a "Rule or Policy" which would require them to take public comment before the definition can be finalized.  Who knows when/if they will answer and I am sure it is not very high on their priority list. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 09:53:38
Web stream at 
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:38:18
That is the Bitcoin Foundation's public affairs director.
@_date: 2013-10-03 13:58:22
Why don't you just sell the forum?  You have to take systematic approach to security.  I have explained to you in the past that you need to use a reverse proxy and you need to do vulnerability scans.  Each time I explain this to you give a "brush off" reply and claim you will do it if problems arise.  You don't solve the problems by offering bounties after the fact.  You should have spent that money up front and secured the system instead of running around when something happens.  This has been explained to you time and time again yet you insist on doing everything half-assed and after the fact.
@_date: 2013-11-16 06:16:34
Yes, and they simply fail to separate things like general discussion and official policy set by the committees.  
@_date: 2013-11-05 08:35:46
I think this is just accounting stuff.  They built mining equipment to mine themselves.  Nobody knows how much they mined and now they go bankrupt and the shell companies owe each other money.
@_date: 2013-11-07 03:52:34
This was just a matter of time.  Theymos has been promoting this stuff on Bitcointalk.org and he gave special privileges to Trade Fortress in spite of numerous complaints about what he is doing.  I blame Theymos for all this and he should be giving refunds out of the money he collected for running the ads. 
@_date: 2013-09-30 18:22:27
Coinbase should tell you the company they are using and you should be able to file a dispute with them and/or get them to manually verify you.
@_date: 2013-11-22 19:53:34
Your private keys are in your wallet and you can just export them.  You should always make sure you can restore a wallet before you start using it for substantial amounts.  I use Armory and I always go through the restore procedure when I first set it up.  Be careful when exporting private keys since they can be copied so it is best on a computer that is permanently offline.
@_date: 2013-11-17 17:26:04
I think it is legal to be an agent as long as the primary is licensed.  But you hit the key to what might happen.  Lobbyists for Western Union, Visa, etc. will claim that all Bitcoin businesses are illegal ... unless they become agents of ongoing legal entities .... like us.  When the large companies force Bitcoin businesses to go through them the problems may magically disappear.
@_date: 2013-12-01 19:58:36
Just because someone is true believer does not mean they will simply hold when the price is overheated.  They may sell and buy back in later. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 03:34:42
Bitcoin is decentralized so there is no "them."  Are you sure you are ready to invest? 
@_date: 2013-11-23 13:36:50
It may still be on the disk.  You need to look at the unused portions of the disk but if you keep using the computer it may overwrite it.  I have not done that for years but semantic used to have a tool.  Here is one example at  
@_date: 2013-11-14 21:03:27
Right off the bat there is a problem with the letter.  The State of NY's mission is to  protect consumers, not national security.  That is the what the Feds are for.
To reform the regulation of financial services in New York to keep pace with the rapid and dynamic evolution of these industries, to guard against financial crises and to protect consumers and markets from fraud.
@_date: 2013-11-09 21:38:35
Update the client and use Armory.  make sure everything is backup again if you were using the client that long.
@_date: 2013-11-07 08:41:30
It is not about me using it, I understand what is going on.  it is about new users going there and getting ripped off.  This damages Bitcoin as well as my investment.  
the article does not say TradeFortress stole the coins.  it says he ran an illegal obvious operation.  he is responsible where he stole the coins or not.  Theymos is also responsible for conspiring with him.  We are talking serious crimes and they will do serious jail time if convicted.  it is true that some blames lies with the people who gave them funds but that does not change the fact that it was a criminal operation.  I would like to see them go into a judge and claim it was the users fault for depositing money with some idiot who ran an unlicensed bank on the Internet.
New Bitcoin users already need to warned about a whole list of issues.  this makes things worse and scares people away. Since this damages my investment and I spend my time trying to give people support I am not going to stand by and watch it happen.
@_date: 2013-11-17 17:46:10
I am waiting for a dip ... but I thought that would happen last week so don't listen to me.  This is just the pre-party.
@_date: 2013-10-21 13:22:36
I don't understand what you mean.  Unless you purposely consolidate the addresses or send a large payment it does not.  You can use coin control in Armory to make sure they don't get consolidated.  There is, at a minimum, plausible deniability unless you do something else to reveal more information.
@_date: 2013-11-20 15:27:56
There is a way to prune the nodes of old transactions.  Plus, the blockchain is still relatively small to storage capacity.  It is also expected that only large merchants and people with servers will run full nodes.  The reality is you can get shared hosting for $20/month with huge amounts of storage compared to the Blockchain size.  It is something to watch but not a major concern.
@_date: 2013-10-30 15:22:19
She works for Coinlab.  The FBI does not need an exchange to liquidate Bitcoins, they can sell them themselves.  The FBI has not come up with a definitive answer of what will happen to the Bitcoins.  the whole thing was to promote the business interests of CoinLab.
@_date: 2013-10-03 14:21:06
Obviously this stuff should not be discussed on the Internet where the attackers can gain more information.
@_date: 2016-07-01 00:29:54
So instead you want to send ahead non-reversible deposits to businesses you never dealt with before?
@_date: 2013-11-04 07:11:57
You can't "mine" a brain wallet.  I assume you could use miners to create the private keys from strings but you still need to create the Bitcoin address via the 9-step process.  Then you need to check the balance.  If you wanted to monitor the addresses you need the Rainbow Tables.
@_date: 2013-11-05 05:14:09
If you use Armory you are just backing up a long string of letters and there are no private keys or wallet files that need to sit on any computer in the cloud.
@_date: 2013-11-22 20:02:33
I added it to 
@_date: 2013-10-05 15:13:28
Right, that is the purpose of deterministic wallets.  The standard Bitcoin wallet does not do this so all the keys must be backup on.  The problem comes in with "change" addresses.  The wallet only creates 100 addresses so if change addresses exceed 100 you no longer have a backup.  Some people have not realized this and lost coins because they did not make additional backups along the way.
@_date: 2013-11-12 23:21:09
yes.  Points on the Elliptical curve I believe.
@_date: 2013-11-11 16:25:00
I believe day traders can use the 60/40 rule to reduce their taxes but I need to look into it more
@_date: 2013-12-23 14:58:49
Alt-coins successful?  Maybe, maybe not.  You need to get enough miners to ensure the security and you need a critical mass of users/merchants (what Andreas calls the "network effect").  If something has great features but cannot achieve this it won't succeed.
The problem with namecoin, beyond the network effect and forking issues, is that .bit domains are not in the ICANN root.  This means you have to get users/ISP's to change their DNS configuration.  This has been tried many times before (new.net is one that make a big attempt) and it has never worked out.  
@_date: 2013-11-05 06:48:43
I think they built their own mining equipment.  That is the only way to make money from mining at this point.
@_date: 2013-11-25 19:24:55
Now people say if stays at the same price it is being manipulated.
@_date: 2013-11-11 17:49:13
Here is a vid about the different types of keys within the Armory wallet:
@_date: 2013-11-11 16:19:27
A wallet is a local piece of software on your computer and is not on the blockchain.  There are no client/users in Bitcoin transactions.
If funds are sent to a valid public address that transactions has to be broadcast on the network.  You can prepare the transaction offline line and sign it offline for security but you then have to take that signed transaction and broadcast it to the network from a computer connected to the Internet.
@_date: 2013-11-13 05:40:12
It looks like it is explained in the readme file
@_date: 2013-11-10 04:40:44
The Monkees - Goin' Down
@_date: 2013-11-11 17:15:59
Also remember the FBAR filing if you had $10K in a foreign institution (such as Mt. Gox)
@_date: 2013-12-17 03:28:39
If you buy, sell at a profit ... and then rebuy you owe taxes on that middle step.  That fact that you bought again does not matter for this year's taxes.  You still need to come up with that cash to pay the taxes on your sale.
@_date: 2013-10-05 12:04:57
That site provides no information about who runs it so they could disappear with your funds at any time.  The guy running has a lack of common sense when it comes to regulatory requirements so they will probably be shut down at some point.
@_date: 2013-08-12 03:28:54
It was just a matter of time.  When you look at these web sites they are very unclear and sometimes conflicting as to the applicability and compliance with MSB rules.  Many of them say they spoke to attorneys yet they have all this unclear or missing stuff at their web sites in user agreements, privacy policies, etc.
@_date: 2013-10-16 01:41:27
The calculation is based on Boltzmann's constant which is a classical physics approximation and not a quantum physics calculation.     
@_date: 2013-10-03 16:42:55
Open source software and disclosing your security configuration are two different things.  When you learn about Information Security one of the first things you learn is not to disclose your configurations publicly and it is hammered into professionals all the time.  
@_date: 2013-10-20 14:08:27
Mixing usually means sending some coins to some party you trust and hoping they send mixed coins back to you, usually for a fee.  I think the post is about sending bitcoins just to addresses you control.
@_date: 2013-11-29 04:04:56
And how many Bitcoin products and services do you offer and announce on Reddit?
@_date: 2013-07-02 17:12:21
There are 2 positions which he holds, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Executive Director.  Usually these types of positions are held by different people and he said he would resign from one of the positions.  I believe he is just stepping down from one of the positions so, if that is the case, it really doesn't mean much and he still will be the face of the organization that he started.
@_date: 2013-09-05 15:58:53
The key here was the aggregation which is not necessary.  Your offline wallet aggregates your balances so you don't need to aggregate your balances to a single address.
@_date: 2013-10-16 16:10:31
Do one by hand and you will see how it works.  the hash of your message must start with a "0".  Just use "message" and go to  and put in "message" and take the hash (no quotes).
Now find a "nonce" that gives you a leading "0" in the output.  "1message" "2message"  "3message" ... (hint: when you get to 51 it will work).
Now do this again until you find a hash that starts with "00".  This is quite a bit more "difficult"
@_date: 2013-09-27 16:46:22
Set up your own web site and bet against yourself.
@_date: 2013-06-07 23:55:49
@_date: 2013-11-21 19:41:42
Run the web page using httpSpy to see what non-SSL resources are being requested.
@_date: 2013-11-17 17:43:36
I speculate that the banks knew about this and now they don't want to get involved so they won't give an account.
@_date: 2013-11-03 02:57:33
Yes, I got an email about getting listed about a week ago
@_date: 2013-11-20 15:57:20
No, You have to have dies made up in order to press the coins.
@_date: 2013-12-01 12:20:56
Not sure if it covers EU but I also used GiftCardZen using Bitcoin
@_date: 2013-11-10 16:00:22
"If you want to suggest ideas and contribute, go join the Foundation and post to the forum."
Since non-members cannot contribute I hope they make it clear that they don't represent all Bitcoin users.
@_date: 2013-11-07 06:10:28
Rinse, repeat!
@_date: 2013-12-24 20:45:04
Yeah, everybody knows Santa still uses Paypal.
@_date: 2013-10-04 16:22:54
Try clicking on the wallet, Go to "addresses used" line and click on that number.  a page will come up that explains that sometimes all the addresses are not created and it allows you to create more.  Not sure if this is the issue but it is worth a try.
@_date: 2013-11-07 16:22:04
@_date: 2013-12-08 06:06:16
@_date: 2013-12-01 03:52:58
It is great out there.  I used to volunteer at Oregon caves and I would live on smoked salmon and cherries.
@_date: 2013-11-18 19:36:28
Pay yourself first.
@_date: 2013-11-13 14:44:48
If they started blacklisting coins and disrupting transactions I believe they are going to have to comply with the Fair Credit Reporting Act and verify any information they report or face possible lawsuits under that law as well as possible defamation claims.
@_date: 2013-11-17 17:33:54
There are no charges against BitInstant, only the place that wired them funds.
@_date: 2013-05-02 21:01:37
From the original paper:
7. Reclaiming Disk Space
Once the latest transaction in a coin is buried under enough blocks, the spent transactions before
it can be discarded to save disk space. To facilitate this without breaking the block's hash,
transactions are hashed in a Merkle Tree [7][2][5], with only the root included in the block's hash.
Old blocks can then be compacted by stubbing off branches of the tree. The interior hashes do
not need to be stored.
A block header with no transactions would be about 80 bytes. If we suppose blocks are
generated every 10 minutes, 80 bytes * 6 * 24 * 365 = 4.2MB per year. With computer systems
typically selling with 2GB of RAM as of 2008, and Moore's Law predicting current growth of
1.2GB per year, storage should not be a problem even if the block headers must be kept in
@_date: 2013-10-30 16:27:55
Be patient when buying so you don't buy too high.
I am coming with a backup scheme for new users who want to secure larger funds.  I think the best way to go is use a deterministic wallet and back it up with keePass.  KeePass can be securely backed up remotely and it has optional 2-factor login that includes both a password and a file to access the database.  You need remote backups and your next of kin needs to able to access the funds if you are incapacitated.  
@_date: 2013-12-25 02:56:50
That problem is more 'difficult' but "difficulty" in Bitcoin has  special meaning.  It is essentially the "difficulty" in fining a single block.  The "difficulty" in finding a single block in a  fork is the same (until the network readjusts).  It is more "difficult" to find several blocks in a row and orphan blocks but the term "difficulty" is not applied to that situation.
@_date: 2013-11-02 23:41:03
Yes, I agree.  I will work on a replacement.
@_date: 2013-11-11 23:40:30
Just don't mark it as a Bitcoin wallet so if someone finds it they won't know what it is.  Armory backup is just a string of letters.  Just hide it in the block chain by making a series of transactions corresponding to the letters.
@_date: 2013-11-07 05:46:03
Who knows, scam, incompetence, etc? It doesn't really matter to the people who lost out.  People kept posting it was an illegal bank and it sure looked that way to me.  Users should be wary in general about depositing funds with anonymous entities.
@_date: 2013-12-07 06:55:32
all wrong.  Too much junk food.  What good is Bitcoin if you have a heart attack?  Get some veggies.  
@_date: 2013-12-02 04:30:45
They have a practice statement.  Theoretically, users are supposed to read these statements and decide if the practices are sufficient to trust them.  The reality is that anyone who cuts a deal with the browser developers gets their authority on the approved list and nobody reads the statements.
bitcointalk.org has an SSL cert even though their whois records are under privacy.  That does not verify anything except the address is the whois record at the time the certificate was issued clicked the confirmation link.
@_date: 2013-11-18 03:24:49
old thread on that:
@_date: 2013-10-04 16:30:16
BTW, once you put in the initial seed all addresses are created deterministically by a mathematical formula.
@_date: 2013-10-04 03:41:22
Bitcoin is both a currency and a payment system.
@_date: 2013-10-24 16:55:04
The offline version has the private keys so you need the offline version to print the backup.
For transactions you make unsigned transactions with the online version, then you sign with offline version because it has the private keys, then you broadcast with the online version.
@_date: 2013-12-24 21:01:24
They can mine empty blocks and prevent all Bitcoin transactions from being processed.  
@_date: 2013-10-16 02:10:01
@_date: 2013-11-07 20:05:27
Right, and don't expect "hearings" to be some kind of fact finding mission.  The participants will be pre-chosen and scripted.  BTW, it is "recuse"
@_date: 2013-11-16 05:40:23
Black Friday started in Philadelphia in the 1950's.  Initially it is was coined by police to describe all the traffic downtown on that day.  An offhand comment by the Strawbridge Department store owner said Black Friday is the day our finances go from Red to Black for the year (in other words, they covered their expenses and the rest of the sales are profits).  The terms started being used in other areas of the US in the 1980's.
@_date: 2013-11-25 17:45:30
This issue was brought out the last time they released a paper.  I already had it on the list 
@_date: 2013-11-22 19:25:37
On Bitcoin talk They said the group lost 7,000 BTC due to some kind of encryption issue with the private keys.
@_date: 2013-11-07 06:04:25
I bought an old laptop and loaded Lubuntu.  You load Armory there and create an offline wallet.  Make a watch-only copy and use that on your online computer.  
You can receive as normal.  When you send you need a USB stick.  You create the transaction online and save to a USB stick.  Put it in the laptop and sign the transaction.  Move the stick back to your online computer to broadcast.  
One you set it up and do it a couple times it is easy.
@_date: 2013-11-18 03:23:20
I complained to Mike Hearn about this and I pointed out that he should worry about things like this before worrying about the Crypt Locker thing.  The exchanges need banks accounts and this is not helping.  He was not very receptive to that idea of doing something about the scams on the forum.
@_date: 2013-11-22 23:00:50
I leave mine on 24/7.  The neighbors are starting to ask about it.
@_date: 2013-11-25 17:38:56
prior art applies to patents, not trademarks.  Trademarks is use in commerce.
@_date: 2013-10-17 14:25:00
I can only trade between Litecoin and BTC.  Any idea when the other options will be available to USA?
@_date: 2013-11-14 20:58:00
Your wallet totals up all the address balances for you.  If you use Armory all you have to backup is the one set of keys.  It is actually easier to keep track of payments because they all go a different address and you can add a note from within armory.  It could cost a little more in transaction fees in some cases but that is usually negligible.  When you send payments you can use the "coin control" button to control which addresses the payments get sent from.
@_date: 2013-11-29 07:00:58
I have not seen any based in the US.
@_date: 2013-09-28 02:05:05
Here is an interview with one of the founders from last year. 
@_date: 2013-11-25 17:40:33
I had covered this in an article last week and I had notified the Bitcoin Foundation as well.  I list all the pending Bitcoin trademarks in the US.  
@_date: 2013-11-23 09:57:57
Support tickets take 9 days to answer.  It is clear they are swamped so you normally get some kind of vague, incomplete answer and the process starts all over again.  If you run into a complex issue it is next to impossible to work through it.  This is a financial institution who is handling large sums of money and the staff takes these issue too lightly.
@_date: 2013-05-14 03:27:18
@_date: 2013-11-05 17:16:14
He still is.  He was both Chairman of Board (part time) and Executive Director (Full time administrator).  Jon Matonis only took over as the Exec Director.
@_date: 2013-12-28 03:17:27
I am not a legal expert but I believe there is less regulation in that case.  You are selling computer power to someone for a fee.  They are mining and paying you the fee.  I think they are talking about things like Alydian where they mined for other parties under a contract.
@_date: 2013-09-12 03:07:24
The basics of ECC for Bitcoin:
@_date: 2013-11-08 02:45:30
Then they start looking for a miner to buy....
@_date: 2013-11-29 06:56:46
When you try to buy ads it says all impressions are taken.  It goes about 90 days in advance.
@_date: 2013-12-08 02:30:48
Bitcoin itself is still in Beta.  Remember this is still experimental so don't set your expectations too high.
@_date: 2013-05-02 20:56:16
I think the way to go is a 2-facor key so you need both parts.  One part goes to your family and one part to a lawyer/accountant who can release their half after you are gone.  Of course you would have both halves so you can access the funds at any time.  The family and the lawyer cannot access the funds without both parts of the key.
@_date: 2013-05-11 21:49:49
open up armory and double click the name of wallet (under "Available Wallets").  on the right side it will say to export individual keys.  A wallet generally has more than one key.
@_date: 2013-11-29 03:41:14
If you send your own letter with your own stationary or card.  
@_date: 2013-10-09 17:15:53
@_date: 2013-12-13 18:28:32
Go see a tax advisor and discuss "self-directed" IRA where you leave the Bitcoins in your retirement account and pay no tax on the gains until you withdrawal.  Of course if you are depending on the money to live in retirement you are nuts to put it into something risky like Bitcoin when it is at record highs.
@_date: 2013-09-18 18:25:30
... --&gt; Evangelist
@_date: 2013-11-13 03:43:23
this is the form they fill out and I don't think they allowed to tell you they filled it out.
@_date: 2013-12-24 04:33:20
I took the job.  [I have the server set up already.](
@_date: 2013-12-16 22:01:58
I want one with just a public payment address and my logo for in-person transactions.  These can be done by mail order since no private key is needed and if something happens to damage it you just get another one.
@_date: 2013-11-04 04:07:12
Yes, and some users will do 2 passes for added security.
@_date: 2013-12-02 06:23:25
If you get paid in chickens you still have to pay tax but the tax has to be paid in US dollars.  Bitcoin is not different in that respect.
@_date: 2013-11-07 05:46:43
I believe he is allowed to post in certain areas that other users are not.
@_date: 2013-10-04 00:29:04
I believe he is holding on to the funds in case he gets prosecuted for all the illegal stuff that goes on with the message board he operates.
It was also explained to him that you don't post your security configurations on the public Internet yet he does his troubleshooting on reddit.  Any attacker can follow what is going or even inject "solutions" that could lead to more hacks.  Even if a vulnerability is discovered you are now leaving many other sites open to a zero-day exploit.  
Theymos absolutely insists on being unprofessional in every way and it makes Bitcoin look ridiculous time and time again.