@_author: millionthaire21
@_date: 2014-07-10 12:38:44
lol, if you knew the island you'd understand.. Lombok is like Bali but 30 years behind, parts are really underdeveloped, tourism is coming but its really raw in some ways. My "lawyer" is actually the "best" on the island, or at least it's the one that specializes in legal, business setup, and accounting for a large majority of western people who invest and run businesses in Lombok.. can't expect things to be done quickly/reasonable/to western ways/standards.. but I love the way of life / "Lombok time", and love living there.. it's just how things are - things get done eventually.. and we were meeting in McDonalds as it's more in-between / closer to get to than his office, and it's in a big mall / shopping area I wanted to be at anyway.
@_date: 2014-07-11 09:16:38
haha, not exactly, I've still got my main business that is my main source of monthly income.. And I've got land in Indonesia I won't sell.. and some cash.. so even if I lose 100 coins, or say 300 coins if I manage to sell in December and the price gets decimated.. I'd still be ok.. don't get me wrong, it would be a dark day :P
@_date: 2014-07-21 03:00:37
Ok sure, of course that would be spam, it wouldn't be spam for Circle to contact them and say "hey, you're investing more than $50k a month into BTC, would you like managed trading services from our friends at X_external company_X?" Or for them to offer this service themselves, or to connect the user to tax accounting specific to high net worth BTC investments etc.
@_date: 2014-07-10 08:59:40
Just not really wanting this business style.. its more common for people to want to buy the land here, to own it, either to build on themselves, or again just as investment - also it is cheap enough.. try and buy any plot of land in a western country big enough for a 3-4 bedroom villa with garden and swimming pool space and you won't get anywhere near $50k - especially near beach or with view. 
Also, I want the money in bulk NOW - bitcoin is going to increase u know ;)
@_date: 2014-07-10 09:45:12
lol do you think an Indonesian lawyer is going to know anything about Bitcoin? I once had to wait 7 hours for a meeting with my "lawyer" in McDonalds in Indonesia.. I kept calling him and he kept telling me he was on his way.. while he was halfway across the island.
Hope to be selling in 3-4 months time, need to do a little development first.. plant some trees, build a wall..
@_date: 2014-07-20 06:00:00
I don't mean the email exactly, well, sort of, but mainly the ability to contact the actual person who made the account, the actual person who is interested in further bitcoin investment services.. and if you use an unattended email address to make your circle or xapo, or bitfinex account then you might not be the brightest spanner in the toolbox anyway.
Edit: It's not spam - you signed up to circle, they then email you saying; "do you want X service/advice/investment/info" - it's not spam.
@_date: 2014-07-10 09:57:45
Yeh, I just want the cash/asset/gold/bitcoin and ill just tell him I got money :P My question is just how do I actually do it, so I guess all I need is a wallet, or paperwallet, or a few wallets and split the cash between them for safety.. no reason why I can't accept 100-200btc into a simple online wallet, and then also transfer it to xapo or wherever else I want?
@_date: 2014-07-10 16:45:20
Well I love it, so much that I invested several 100 $1000 there. I've lived there on and off, but for approx 2 of the last 3 years, mostly in Lombok but also Bali and traveling around a little too.
Tax is 10% - after expenses and costs. But it will cost you approx $5k upfront to setup an Indonesian company as a foreigner.. I have done this, I think it will be worth it in the long run.
Internet... hmm, its better than it was, and my dayjob is online marketing and it is possible, it can be frustrating at times, but you can get mobile usb broadband.. yeh, its ok and getting better.
Free country? - Not really sure what you mean, they have strict drugs laws, but generally yeh you can do what you want, lifestyle is great there, things (accommodation, food, beer) are cheap - I used to live in London, my rent alone was $2,500 a month for a studio apartment.. here I live in a hotel, with a swimming pool, next to the beach - that is $500 a month, and then I spend another $500+ on food, lifestyle, internet, expenses.. sometimes more if I travel or eat western foods... infact I would say in Lombok I spend only $1k a month all in, but in Bali it's probably $1,500+ (more developed, better food).
@_date: 2014-07-10 13:06:32
Yes, I do already, I'm sitting on just under 100 coins right now.
@_date: 2014-07-10 15:42:34
lol, no, not at all. Why do you say that? I can prove any of it / give details of who I am to anyone who's interested, I will meet face to face in Indonesia, and I will come back here and post more info on the land and on myself when it is ready to sell.
@_date: 2014-07-10 12:57:55
Yeah, for sure, extra info on the blockchain would be awesome :) Each buyer and seller protected - or done through smart contracts which detail it - can't wait for this stuff :)
@_date: 2014-07-10 16:40:28
lol, I'm not accepting indocoin, I don't know anything about it or its dev team or it's future potential, but Auroracoin didn't do quite well, and I don't know if it's even got enough marketcap for me to be able to cash out into BTC without sinking the price.
@_date: 2014-08-21 18:53:17
looks like shameless self promotion, looks expensive as hell too for non-caring 3rd party marketing services.. better off doing it yourself - for the 5btc pack (insane price) you could hire a full time marketing grad for a month and have them do all of those things 5x as much - and care about it, follow up, interact.. i.e. do it for real rather than just making a forum post somewhere and ticking that off then making a comment and ticking that off. Hate this overpriced spam crap.
@_date: 2014-07-20 04:20:58
I live it and it's how I make my money.
You don't think having say 1000 early adopter emails of bitcoin enthusiasts would be useful? Then to filter them into a database and get the 100-200 that still hold - and to be able to sell that data or call that data up and say "hey, you're a multi-millionaire bitcoin owner, would you like to invest $100k in our bitcoin startup / exchange.. heres our projections"... that list of 100-200 people would have an insane value..
Edit: But I'm sure they do have more immediate plans for profit generation in-house, than say waiting 2-10 years for people to become rich.. possibly.. but even in house for future services related to their bitcoin holdings, these people/emails have value.
@_date: 2014-07-11 08:17:28
- Positive thinking - obviously I never said it this strongly, and anyone reading this thread can see this. But I will say that I came from nothing, comparatively - of course I come from a western country, but I'm not extra intelligent, I was working in a warehouse and I made some changes in my life - including setting big goals, thinking positive and taking big action and I massively changed my life and financial situation. Can the beggar on the streets of indonesia change his situation by positive thinking alone - again, no, ill say not.. but if you take 100 beggars in indonesia and one of them starts thinking positive, taking action, being pro-active does he stand a better chance?..  but thats a whole different conversation for a different thread..
- Altruistic charity - actually it is, believe me or not but I haven't actually really offset tax in any major way. I had some major health issues when I was younger, have had serious surgery, and I give back to that charity. Probably should have offset against tax though to be honest, I wouldnt see that as a bad thing tbh, but actually I haven't.. I'm sure I will do in the future yeh..
- why post here, why not? I dont engage in bitcointalk forum, but I do read here, people can maybe point me to some info or things to think about, and im in the prep stages of wanting to do this. If I'm honest I've never closed a $50-100k sale whether for money or bitcoin.. it's new to me to accept a large sum in one go, and to accept it in bitcoin. 
I pretty much will sell at normal prices, over the coming months, I think my chances of selling to a stranger on reddit are slim - but its not really a case of just listing with realestate agents.. there are a couple and yes, one, my partner there is in real estate and will actively sell for me.. but really its an under-developed, up and coming place.. theres not a big setup there like you would get say in Syndey Australia say, there is growing demand but I am going to have to sell it myself and be more pro-active.. set up a website, actually guide people around myself, advertise online.. I doubt i'll really sell any via this reddit thread. I guess, why post here - info, to check interest I guess too, see if there is anyone vaguely interested at all, but not really to sell direct.
- why sell it quicker for 20% off? 1. it will help my cash flow, I need to invest a little more to build walls and driveways and tidy the land up. 2. The sooner I sell and make money back the sooner I can re-buy/invest again. 3. I believe in Bitcoin and I would love to take in 50-100 bitcoins right now rather than in November say, I believe the price might rise between now and November, or now and next February, so here I am just gambling with bitcoin that it will be worth more than 20% more by then - my risk, I don't really want to sell for 20% less, but it would still be ok, and if I am right on bitcoin then it would be beneficial.
* again, unlike you, who seems to know so much about me and how uncharitable and un-altruistic I am as I have money, and just assume I don't do anything good into the world - I don't know much about you whether youre enlightened or positive or not - all I know about you is you made an assumption about me based on basically nothing, which and in my opinion is way off, at least of how I see myself and how I want to live my life - I want to help people, get involved in good causes, be responsible however I can.
@_date: 2014-07-10 17:15:17
@_date: 2014-07-10 12:41:25
Yeh, this isn't an option, I want it to be me, my face, I will make videos selling the land, it will be me you meet if you come to Lombok, or my other partner who is Australian - it's all open, honest, real business, nothing shady, nothing to hide.. a real estate office in Australia wouldn't hide themselves, this isn't so different.
@_date: 2014-07-11 05:01:31
Actually I was asleep, not overly thinking about you. I'm in a different timezone to you is all. 
So why not just make the intelligent post like something like this or ask these questions instead of making the 2 word snide remark and then pretending you meant nothing by it?
But again you can't hide your true feelings - that its unfortunate to have people "like me" as if you know anything really about me.. I don't look down on anyone, everyones got their own hell going on, their own problems, their own lives, but you judge me for not giving to charity or assume I am just abusing the Indonesian people by investing there and making my money and thats it. Yes I see the rags man, it's crazy, it's intense, theres a real raw side, a BIG side, to Indonesia - I can't cure it all myself, I'm not trying to, I do give back a bit there, but I also have other charities I care about and have been closer to for longer than I have been in Indonesia so they get my attention too.
And also I agree with you, a lot of people get a fucking tough deal in life, and perhaps for many its too late to do a little positive thinking and turn things around.. but I believe that any of us that are in a fortunate position, well we can look at ourselves, our goals, and change our mindset and approach to achieve different results.. 
* I definitely want to state for the record that I do not believe / claim that anyone is "choosing to stay poor" - again that is your misquote and misjudged opinion of me.
@_date: 2014-07-10 12:43:25
Better call Saul. Actually my lawyer is the best in Lombok - see my other reply.. doesn't sound likely from that little story, but they are the best.. there's not much to choose from, but actually that story isn't fair to them tbh, they get stuff done and are used by a lot of foreigners investing into the country and the island of Lombok specifically.
@_date: 2014-07-21 11:40:40
Same situation as me, were not too late tho - right now you've just bought in before Wall St, before financial institutions are even beginning to implement it, just at the start of the curve where BIG retailers are opening up to accepting it but still mainstream adoption and regular Joe knowledge is low..
Youre at the real start my friend - investing your entire life in it back then would be insanely risky. It wasn't then, what it is now, it could have gone many ways from then.. now is the solid ground floor - hold those 6.5 for 3-5 years and youll be laughing!
@_date: 2014-07-10 10:08:42
sure, my mum and dad have a locked box on the wall in their house, it keeps my dad's gun in it - but when my 200btc is worth $3m in the future then it becomes very worth it for someone to find out who I am and go to my elderly mum and dads house and fuck them up (and keeping $100-$2m or whatever big amount in a safe, protected by a padlock that can be broken with bolt cutters doesn't really feel that safe to me anyway). Obviously a bank vault is another option, and probably one ill take with at least a % of my btc portfolio in the future - but I'd really lean towards properly backed safe and secure online vaults.. like my hsbc online banking is actually safe.. it is insured and safe as long as im not the idiot who gives the access.
@_date: 2014-07-11 09:31:13
Thanks, just looked into that Electrum, sounds interesting, but the problem I would have is "Cold Storage: Sign transactions from a computer that is always offline. Broadcast them using a machine that does not have your keys."..
.. I kind of live out of a backpack, using mobile broadband, I don't really have the luxury of carrying around a 2nd laptop to keep offline.. I also don't really want to have a wallet downloaded to my laptop as the chances of me getting robbed at somepoint, traveling through Asia and having my phone and laptop stolen are probably reasonably high... 
I will start seriously researching other options though and will likely use a combination of sources to split my holdings up for now.
@_date: 2014-07-10 13:17:52
Yeh, I'm well educated in these matters, so see my other post to someone else about it but you would "own" the land through a "nominee".
*1-b. What actually happens is that you get your local person to own it. You make many legal agreements with them - 1. they give you power of attorney, 2. sign to say they wont live there 3. that they cant build there, 4. that they can't run a business there, 5. that they cant sell there. and 5. typically you will sign an agreement to either pay them a fee for doing this if you intend to hold long term, or to give them sat 5% of the increase in value if you sell.*
Of course this isn't always completely safe, I'm going to give you advice on this before and as you buy. If you know someone you can use whoever you want, or I can recommend people you can use, and I can help you with the paperwork for rights of usage of the land as standard.
Last thing I want is someone running away with your land or money, I want this to be totally clean and transparent, I'd also give you a lot of info about me and who I am, my money, my background, why the last thing I would want / need to do is to either steal $50k from you or have you enter into a contact where someone else could harm you - woudn't be a "win" of $50k for me, it would be damaging to my whole reputation and ability to sell other land..
@_date: 2014-07-10 14:18:47
It's actually flexible to what you want to spend or what size you want, but generally they are all "house/villa plots".. but in actual measurements, something like:
$50k sized plot = 0.1 Hectare worth (which is 1000 Square Meter, which is 0.24 Acre, which is 10,000 Square Foot approx) - youre not going to be cramped.. you could even put 2 houses on this plot and a shared garden and each be really spacious.. with just one house then you have a driveway for a car and motorbikes, a nice sized pools and gardens all the way around your house.
$35k sized plot = 0.07 Hectare (which is 700 Square Meter , which is 0.17 Acre , which is = 7500 Square Foot approx) - a bit smaller, but actually you could even still put 2x houses here if you really wanted.. but possibly not.. this is still really nice size for a villa, still with a driveway and nice pool - its actually pretty much all you need.. but land is really cheap here, imo you should take the little extra space and just get that extra bit creative with the pool, with the garden :)
I can also give you say a 1.4 sized plot, essentially a double plot, that you really could put 2 amazing villas on, or even build a guest house with 5-10 nice mini "bungalows" on... sort of natural style nature, eco hotel idea.. Or 1 villa and say 3 mini "ensuite rooms" u could rent out, put on agoda/airBnB etc :)
@_date: 2014-07-19 19:41:26
Im in marketing and I always want the free signup first. I'll pay upfront for it and profit in 1 week - 3 months time.. I imagine in a market like bitcoin the future profit potential of a lifetime customer could be huge... this is like the start of a new industry, imagine the start of the gold investing industry.. and now you have salesmen calling up gold fund/eft holders offering them managed investments, trading courses, etc etc - which is a multi million $ market... if bitcoin explodes into the global, mainstream usage that we want then the value of an early adopter email address will be SKY HIGH!
Edit: Imagine the value of an actual early adopter email address / contact info - if they still held then they are all millionaire email addresses now who will be interested to buy further bitcoin investment services, angel invest into bitcoin startups maybe even just buy real estate and other assets for tax savings... so getting the emails of people getting in now, they could be worth $100-500k each in 2-10 years time (?), heck, maybe millions too..
@_date: 2014-07-10 09:03:10
ah yes, thanks I forgot what this site was - will take a look at them for sure, I will also build my own site and try to sell personally too.
@_date: 2014-07-11 04:26:43
Nah, I'm of the opinion bitcoin will be worth $10-30k in 20 years or whatever.
But my other plan is to take half of the profit from this (and other land sales) and reinvest it in more land, develop it in a simple way, and then sell it again.. and again.
Not too interested to develop a "for rental" business model, different way to do things, possibly more management from me. I like everything simple - 1 way to do things, totally simple; this is what I have, this is how it works, its solid, it's simple, its the most common way that people want.. if you like it great, take it, I've got everything setup ready for you and we can do it really safely and quickly as I know it inside out.
@_date: 2014-07-10 12:58:57
Thanks Daniel, this sounds good, exactly what I was looking for, will probably use very similar wording from that!
@_date: 2014-08-13 10:13:00
imo you NEED pictures of the girls and need to highlight which ones can do video chat. i think you'd get much more donations
@_date: 2014-07-10 12:41:52
If you find yourself in Lombok then your nasi-goreng is on me, i'll even take you surfing :)
@_date: 2014-12-10 01:04:57
ok that sounds like a plan, ill have to read up on how to do this tho :P
@_date: 2014-07-11 04:39:56
Thanks, yes always better to have someone you know. 
Another option is to take someone from another location in Indonesia, have them sign documents for land they don't know where the location is and will never be able to actually do anything with - i.e. some villager 100s of miles away or on another island. You pay them upfront, they are happy with half a years salary, no risk.
Or my options are my partners there, who already sit on like 100s of $millions of $s worth of land and just aren't really interested in stealing your $50k - or that they make such a nice totally passive income from earning their 5%s on resale that they wouldn't ever think of doing something dodgy and turning the free money tap off - it's an easy lifestyle to be the nominee for say 20 people a year, and have 3 people a year sell - for $50-500k and get your 5%s :)
@_date: 2014-07-10 12:46:52
Thanks, no I do agree with you, I need protection, and I will use a combo of splitting it up online, and splitting it up offline in paperwallets / cold storage, I haven't been attentive but I will have to be especially if I gain more btc and or the price goes up.
And "worth $3m", well I dunno, who does? I am bullish and optimistic but I'm not one of these "moon characters" - my estimate would be it will be worth $5-20k within 3-10 years, I don't think thats unrealistic if adoption really happens and it looks likely within the next 1-2 years as the investment money that is going into exchanges, services and various startups comes to fruition.. if it all doesn't implode somehow of course.
@_date: 2014-08-09 13:34:21
It exists, just about working like how you describe. It's very good and very efficient: 
@_date: 2014-07-10 09:20:34
I'd probably be keen to put it in xapo.com insured vault, I'm not that technical and I tried making a paperwallet before.. made it offline, but then couldnt get anything to send to the address.. imo the need for paper wallets is something that absolutely has to change for btc to go mainstream.. I feel more at risk having a piece of paper worth $300k than having money split up online.. and I travel a lot, I don't even own a home to keep it in and often live out of a backpack traveling Asia..
@_date: 2014-07-10 12:53:16
Its complicated :) If you're interested to buy ;) I can explain it to you in depth, but basically.
1-a. A foreigner can not own land, the local person would have to own it legally.
1-b. What actually happens is that you get your local person to own it. You make many legal agreements with them - 1. they give you power of attorney, 2. sign to say they wont live there 3. that they cant build there, 4. that they can't run a business there, 5. that they cant sell there. and 5. typically you will sign an agreement to either pay them a fee for doing this if you intend to hold long term, or to give them sat 5% of the increase in value if you sell. 
OR 2. You can setup a legal business entity, and the business can long term lease-own the land - for 80 years.
You wouldn't be like only the 7th foreigner to be owning land, you would be amongst 100s in Lombok and 1000s in Indonesia, there are proper processes in place and it is pretty normal to do this. And as part of buying off me, the price you pay is like 2x what you would pay if you bought say off the local farmer/through the local land sellers.. who are raw.. who might know the law and might know things better than you and have other motives.. you buy off me at 2x the price as I've done this, taken the risk, cleared and certificated the land and will show you exactly how to do either option 1 or 2 - taking away much of this risk.
@_date: 2014-12-10 01:11:13
hmm, ok this is a bit scary, I press "sweep keys" and it errors "error getting balance" :(
@_date: 2014-07-11 09:03:55
Lol Bali isn't Bitcoin island at all, I live there, it's got absolutely nothing to do with Bitcoin at all that you can see visibly, so I think Jersey is already light years ahead!
@_date: 2014-07-11 04:32:16
Yes, I know this side actually pretty much, and I would be the one to take the risk basically:
- I would take a SMALL deposit, and at the same time the buyers address and passport and details to start the notary process and get their name put on the certificate.. 
- that takes several weeks
- when that comes back I send a contract that says they own the land when they have paid me the money (with a note to say that payment is in bitcoin, to certain wallet address)
- when we've both signed this document I send over the land certificate with their name and other documents associated to it.
- they/you own the land BEFORE giving me $50k.
- they then transfer the money straight away.
- the risk is on my side, but in reality they aren't going to be able to sell the land or do anything with it if they haven't paid me as I have that legal contract to say it's only theirs with transfer of money.
@_date: 2014-07-10 12:56:41
I have a little setup to do first.. I need to prepare the land a little so it looks nice and is easier to sell - flatten a small part of it out, build a wall along 1 edge, build driveways, plant some trees.. I'm hoping that can be done within 2 months and I can be actively selling within 3-4 months - I would sell sooner, and for cheaper (and still build the drive and plant the trees) if anyone is really interested, but I think this unlikely; it would require someone who probably knows the area a little or really knows they want it and can therefore "pre-buy".
@_date: 2014-07-13 14:15:21
great, update the thread or repost and ill try it when it's live!
@_date: 2014-07-11 04:35:42
Ok so I'm going to assume you mean that I'm not charitable, but when you know so little about me thats an ass-hat assumption to make. I'm going to make my own assumption now that you're not a multi-millionaire, and if that's right then its 99% likely that I've already given more money away to charitable causes than you will ever give in your life.
I'm driven, I'm money focused, I am a capitalist, an opportunist, an entrepreneur - I like business and I make no apologies for making money, but I do give back.
When you make a statement like this it only highlights your own lacking self beliefs about what you have done or what you can possibly achieve for others - instead of spreading negativity and making snide, anonymous internet jabs at people you know nothing about, why don't you sort your own mindset out, focus positively and aim to do some good yourself instead of grumbling about others.