@_author: millennia20
@_date: 2014-03-01 08:09:51
Agreed about the diverse viewpoints. I think that's where I see where some of these laymen are coming from though. They see Bitcoin and then they see some very vocal members of it treating it almost as if it was a cult and then sure they generalize, however there are also people here who generalize as well.
I just think you can draw parallels between the people who are willing to dismiss Bitcoin without a second thought with the people who dismiss any criticisms of BTC without any second thought.
@_date: 2014-03-01 06:41:19


That's my point. At this point we're talking about exchanges but by company I meant in general so I'm including online wallets. From your comment it sounds like you wouldn't trust an online wallet because even though you would be the only person able to access it and would most likely have an offline backup you still wouldn't be able to guarantee the safety of your wallet in the hands of someone else. I totally agree with that.
However as you mentioned there is a point in time when one currency leaves your possession and you are left with nothing until you get the other currency (e.g. Bitcoin to USD, USD to Bitcoin.) And there lies my concerns. When exchanges like Mtgox can get DDoSed by the outside world (something that can't happen to other exchanges like NYSE) and have constant technical issues I have concerns about the ability for that company to perform the services that they offer. 
If all Mtgox did was act as a middleman and held onto these coins for a minimal amount of time how did they lose 800k of them?
@_date: 2014-03-01 08:03:10
Eventually Bitcoin will inevitably fall under government regulation. There's people out there who say it's unenforceable but I think once the big names like JPMorgan, Merill Lynch, etc. get the regulatory go ahead we're going to see the structure change and the majority of people out there making the big money on Bitcoin will soon become the same people who make the majority of money now in the major markets (i.e. the big investment banks.)
With that said I'm just really excited about BTC eventually stabilizing and becoming useful as a currency in its own right. By that I mean even now every place that I know of that accepts BTC pegs the price of their product against fiat currency (HK$, USD, Yuan) and just uses the exchange rate to accept BTC.
I think the main purpose of BTC is that it's a currency that is unaffected by the whims of any particular agency or government. The essential BTC system is in place. It's not like it can be changed to generate more BTCs when needed so your currency can't get devalued because someone decided it was a good idea to generate more BTCs out of thin air. I think that's where BTC is the strongest.
I think the fact that majority of uses for it now tend to be novelty, speculation or illicit is only temporary and one day (hopefully in the next few years) it will actually be useful and stable.
@_date: 2014-03-01 06:52:27
He's had this in the works for a while, I interviewed there some time back and met him and even then he was interested in doing stuff with Bitcoin but he wanted to do it the right way which is why it took a while to come out.
@_date: 2014-03-01 07:28:47
Most are like that I'll admit. It's just some people, and they tend to be really vocal, make excuses for everything negative in the ecosystem or make wild speculation. There were people a few years ago criticizing how Mtgox was handling things and people back then were defending it tooth and nail and dismissing completely anyone with concerns as if they "didn't get it."
I think that really sums up some of the issues I've had. Anytime someone loses money through fraud or negligence there are vocal members of the community who say stuff that only makes sense in hindsight.
The system itself is working, for the most part there's not a lot wrong with the underlying Bitcoin code it's just the associated businesses that are run by people who have no idea what they're doing.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:16:11
That's the point though. The Bitcoin ecosystem isn't there yet. The volatility day to day makes it next to useless as a currency in its own right. Is there a single major store out there that accepts Bitcoin directly? All the ones I know of still peg the price to some sort of fiat.
@_date: 2014-03-01 06:00:24
I think one of the problems is that some of the most vocal members of the community are the ones who shouldn't be. One of the things that has had me concerned are how some people get when faced with valid concerns regarding the bitcoin ecosystem. They either dismiss any criticism completely or get needlessly confrontational.
Bitcoin itself is pretty solid and the system is essentially transparent. The same can't be said for many of exchanges and associated businesses.
I worked in the financial sector for a few years on the tech side of things. There are very good reasons why things are built the way they are using methodologies and technologies that fit a strict set of compliance rulles and it was pretty clear from my perspective that some of the businesses out there e.g. Mtgox weren't built to the standards that I would hope for. I could understand how someone without some prior knowledge of how these sorts of things are setup to just think it was like any other major trading business with some set of guarantees that they wouldn't somehow lose my money. 
I know many people in the community are anti-regulation but even if it shouldn't be regulated by governments in the very least there should be some sort of industry respected independent accreditation/compliance body.
It's just frustrating that when someone brings up a suggestion like the one above some members of the community ridicule it.
I'm looking forward to companies like Second Market (even though the CEO is a bit of an ass in real life) that are under regulation and have proven themselves already to help push new ways to invest and trade in Bitcoin.
I just hope the Bitcoin community remains open to the changes that will inevitably fall upon the Bitcoin ecosystem.
@_date: 2014-03-01 06:05:34
I think it's a bit inevitable given the "nothing can go wrong" mentality by some members of the community. I don't consider myself a layman but I am yet to invest a single dime in Bitcoin because I haven't found a single company that I trust though I'm optimistic of the next generation of Bitcoin related trading business/wallets.
Not too long ago people were still saying that all the hate Mtgox gets is unwarranted. And now some members are saying that Mtgox going under is in fact a good thing. I personally don't understand that. I can understand how Mtgox going under isn't the end of Bitcoin. I 100% accept that, but some members of the community feel like any criticism to Bitcoin or to the ecosystem surrounding it is carte blanch dismissal.
@_date: 2014-03-01 21:46:27
I live in NY and more places are starting to accept Bitcoin and just a few weeks ago I was in Hong Kong for a few days and found just random places accepting Bitcoin and Bitcoin was front page news (granted most of it was not good news) but they definitely take Bitcoin pretty seriously over there.
I agree about the consumer friendly bit. Your average consumer isn't going to (at least yet) set up their own Bitcoin wallets and set up strict security protocols for themselves because it's too much effort. The main reason people use banks is not because you accrue interest in savings accounts especially with interest rates so low but because of the security and utility they get from it. They can write checks, use debit cards, have the security of their money being housed somewhere that's not their mattress and that money is insured up to a point if it's lost (yes I know there are criticisms against FDIC and similar insurances.)
I know one of the big criticisms about Bitcoin regulation is that A. governments can't control Bitcoin so it limits the government's ability to actually regulate it and B. one of the major points of Bitcoin is that the government should stay out of it. However I still think 3rd party industry standard accreditation/certification/independent regulatory bodies could be a lot of help. I know some folks agree with me and some folks would disagree by saying that leads to cronyism and that we should just sort of let order emerge from the chaos naturally.
@_date: 2014-03-01 08:05:49
Thanks for the offer. My issue is more with the businesses you interact with in regards to Bitcoin. For example the exchanges. Sure there are other exchanges out there than Mtgox but at least the ones that are currently up and running today none of them are transparent enough that I trust their security or that they're not going to somehow defraud me.
With that said I'm still primarily waiting for BTC to be useful for it's intended purpose, as a currency. I already invest in my 401k and IRA and other investments but what I really want is to be able to use BTC to buy things when BTC is stable (i.e. it's price doesn't drastically rise or fall over short periods of time.) I'm more interested in seeing BTC succeed for its utility than on commodity speculation.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:41:27
The fact that an exchange can be DDoSed brings endless enjoyment to my friends who work on Wall Street.
@_date: 2013-04-13 17:39:27
Do you know how non bitcoin exchanges, e.g. normal stock exchanges are run? They aren't connected to the internet. That's one of the biggest issues here. The fact that anyone can connect to the exchange is a major fundamental problem. I understand that they want to give the ability for anyone to trade whereas in the NYSE there's just direct lines to major trading firms and they're the only ones with direct access to the exchange. It's really difficult to run this system securely without very expensive security protocols in place. Even if Mt.Gox or another exchange wants to establish direct lines to BTC trading firms, which ones? Also direct lines cost a lot of money. And 100k a day won't cut it.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:35:39
Easy, sometimes it costs too much to not be shit. It's cost-benefit analysis. If they realize it's going to cost them millions and millions to fix their system and the benefit is a slight bump in income maybe it's just not worth it.
@_date: 2013-04-12 18:37:04
This is the current issue in the system. It's not that the currency itself can't be counterfeited or otherwise tampered with, it's that someone stores their BTC in totally insecure places. Who cares about hacking BTC if I can DDoS and exchange and fluctuate prices or I can run some basic phishing cams and it's impossible to track.