@_author: milone
@_date: 2014-01-03 18:31:41
I think I'm going. Where is the after-party? I want to make it rain paper wallets on some dancers.
@_date: 2014-01-16 19:54:10
I would suspect that even most miners won't download the full client. The only reason you would need the full client is if you're solo mining. So the pools themselves will be running full nodes... but chances are the majority of people mining in those pools won't.
@_date: 2014-01-05 02:27:33
2FA enabled?
@_date: 2014-01-04 19:55:30
Coinbase offers recurring payments... not sure what others do. As long as you keep enough btc in there and keep the recurring payment enabled, it should be no problem. It's arguably essier to cancel that than one setup with a credit card.
@_date: 2014-01-02 09:09:18
I saw something on Coinbase about recurring payments. If you keep a balance in an online wallet, they should be able to handle recurring charges. And you should be able to log into your wallet at any time to stop recurring charges/cancel. There is just the problem of not canceling in time and being unable to force the porn site to give you your coins back. Maybe a big online wallet would offer protection against this by taking the next payment someone else was sending to the porn site and sending it to you instead? There are a lot of what-ifs and potential problems here that would need solved... and I'm too tired to think more about it. But I don't think it's impossible.
@_date: 2014-01-05 02:43:54
Isn't email verification required on btc-e? Did they get into your email to? Or is email verification optional?
I won't kick you while you're down... I just use btc-e sometimes so I am genuinely curious any time someone's account gets cleaned out. I have every security option enabled though, even if there is no money in there.
@_date: 2014-01-05 02:53:58
This wasn't bitcoin failing. This was someone not protecting their bitcoins. If you keep cash in a shoebox and someone breaks in your house and steals it, is that cash failing? Or is that you failing to protect your cash?
We need a new subreddit for your stuff called 'i don't know what i'm talking about'
@_date: 2014-01-05 02:57:31
I don't even see the email confirmation setting any more... maybe they removed it once they provided 2FA.
Unfortunately there is not much you can do... unless you know Liam Neeson. He's good at finding stuff.
@_date: 2014-03-30 20:02:32
Guys! I was somehow transported through a wormhole back to 2011! Help! ;)
@_date: 2013-12-17 02:05:03
No, clearly OP is Sherlock Holmes.
@_date: 2013-11-18 04:24:20


Enough said.
This website couldn't even write an accurate description of itself. This guy thinks if someone pulls off a scam involving Bitcoin that Bitcoin is insecure. It's secure... it's just not idiot-proof (which is why writers at BusinessInsider won't use it). I've heard there have been many scams involving US dollars... *so burn them all, amiright? Dollars are totally insecure.*
@_date: 2013-12-18 22:52:07
I don't think the idea was to be *unregulated*, but rather *decentralized*. There is a difference. And bitcoin *is* decentralized.
I don't mind regulation, or paying capital gains taxes from bitcoin. If there is regulation regarding converting a country's currency to bitcoin and vice versa, that's the country's prerogative I guess. But as far as regulating bitcoin itself, I'm not sure what your argument is. China is only regulating where the aspects of conversion, where their currency is concerned.
For more amazing facts about words and what they mean, see 
@_date: 2013-09-26 04:15:01
Typical politician answer: ultimately tells you nothing you didn't already know.
*"It's good, but it's also bad. And if it's bad, that's not good."* -Elizabeth Warren
Can you ask her to take a picture of herself holding this with a shoe on her head? 
@_date: 2013-10-30 05:08:04
I'd imagine that while fees are very small and optional right now, they won't be indefinitely. Bitcoin itself is still in active development... there will likely come a time where fees are mandatory. It still won't be anything like Western Union fees or even PayPal fees... but in comparison to the fractions of a cent it is today it might seem high.
This is in addition to other changes we may see in the future. The number of transactions per block or per day will need to increase as adoption increases, so there should be well over 70,000 transactions/day by the time we reach that point.
And there's always the overly-optimistic view that Bitcoin will be worth $1000 or $10000 by the time that comes, so 3.5 BTC per day in fees may be enough to cover mining operating expenses (maybe). This isn't something I'd necessarily bet on, but it is a possibility I suppose, especially as ASIC efficiency improves.
@_date: 2013-11-11 23:42:59
Never send coins to **any** website without researching it. A simple reddit search would have saved you.
I don't mean to sound like a dick... I'm sorry you lost coins and the last thing you need is it rubbed in your face. We're in the cryptocurrency "wild west" right now. Be suspicious of anyone offering to hold your coins for you. You're in charge of keeping your money safe. If you don't want to lose it, put some effort into protecting it.
@_date: 2013-04-21 22:34:48
I thought I got a CloudFlare page shortly before the site came back up today. I don't know if it was the site itself or the API JSON data because I was checking both. But someone else mentioned they were not using CloudFlare as well, so I'm not arguing. Maybe the page I saw was cached or something.
Edit: [I'm not seeing things]( They're using CloudFlare for at least the API server I was checking.
@_date: 2013-11-09 00:31:41
To answer your question...
Yes, you will need to run two instances of the miner. I have some ASICs mining Bitcoin and some mining an alt-coin, all connected to the same computer.
I would recommend cgminer over bfgminer here because it has more (better) options for choosing specific devices to run in each instance.
I would also recommend [CGWatcher]( if you're on Windows, as it can make this all a lot easier. (You would also have two instances of CGWatcher running - one for each miner instance.)
If you need any help setting this up let me know.
@_date: 2013-11-04 23:15:06
I think it's more likely they just made it to your pay date. I had ordered a Jalapeno on April 1st and it arrived a few weeks ago. Jody's shipping blog is down at the moment but I'm sure they are well into April pay dates shipping, if not May.
@_date: 2013-10-20 18:42:58
I'm not assuming difficulty will keep increasing at its current rate indefinitely. TGB calculates monthly earnings for a year. I didn't need to look beyond a year because usually by June you're no longer profiting. If you are profiting after June, it either becomes so small it doesn't change the results or doesn't last long and within a few months you start eating into profits - even at 0.5W/Gh. 
So if anything my assumptions are that mining will rise at 117% for the next 6 months and either continue to rise or level off, but not decrease. As long as it does that my point is still valid. If it began to decrease, it wouldn't last long as people would switch their machines back on or new miners would arrive. As a miner I'd love to see difficulty fall at some point, but I don't think it's going to happen unless Bitcoin itself loses (significant crash, stiff regulation, sha256 broken, etc.) I'm hoping some new sha256 coins are created just to distribute some ASIC hashing power, and then you can at least have a shot at profit with an otherwise unprofitable machine by [profitability mining]( This also assumes that any of these coins would be popular enough for trading and speculation and would ever be more profitable than mining Bitcoin itself. There are some already like PPCoin, Terracoin, etc. that occasionally may be more profitable to mine than Bitcoin, with the idea being that you mine them and then trade them for Bitcoin while they're still more profitable... resulting in you ending up with more Bitcoin than you would have earned by mining Bitcoin.
I agree that next-gen ASICs will cost less to run and we'll likely see Ph/s machines one day that cost less to run than current Th/s or even Gh/s machines. The message I was trying to deliver is that if you're looking to invest in an ASIC, now is not the time to do it. If you buy now you're not just paying for the design and development of the product, but in many cases your paying for startup costs and for lessons learned the hard way. Let the idiots like me who already ordered pay for those costs and to weed out the good and bad, and then make an investment when the manufacturers have matured and worked out the kinks. The price-per-Gh/s will continue to drop so you are not missing an opportunity if you don't buy now. You'll likely receive a much better return if you wait to see what the offering looks like in 8 or 12 months.
@_date: 2013-12-31 22:16:41
TIL governments want a monopoly on currency so we should give up, bend over, and hope it uses lube.
Maybe Bitcoin's slogan should be "Bitcoin - if you don't want to use it, don't. But shut the hell up already." These are all people who rejected Bitcoin from the beginning, standing on their soapboxes saying the end is near. And now they're on a mission to destroy it in order to prove themselves right. It happens over and over and over. Obvious non-buyer's remorse is obvious.
@_date: 2013-09-07 00:51:28
The 60Gh/s Singles were only $1333 when ordered prior to April, so even at this price the seller is making a small profit.
@_date: 2013-04-21 20:06:36
If profit is the only thing they care about, they would sure as hell not want to take their site down for several hours to a day at a time. I agree that DoS measures should have been put into place earlier because I did not start seeing CloudFlare pages until more recently. To my knowledge, CloudFlare seems to be highly recommended for DoS protection. But CloudFlare is obviously not 100% effective, so maybe there is something better they should be doing, I don't know. If there is, then certainly they should be blamed for not doing it.
They have been working on an improved trading engine. I'm not sure when it will be implemented, but from their posts about a week ago, it sounded like very soon. The day they were down they also added new servers. They are taking steps to improve their service, just not as big of steps as some would like. There is a new API, they have improvements planned for websocket, and I've heard they are developing a TCP only server serving plain JSON that wouldn't have to deal with websocket overhead.
I think these comments are all getting off track though because my post did not claim that Mt.Gox should not take any blame. There probably are things they could have done sooner or better. My point was that some, and likely more, of the blame should be on the attacker. If everyone starts bitching about them, whoever it is, instead of Mt.Gox, it may make it less enjoyable for them. If I was the attacker right now, it would be great to be making money by trying to manipulate prices... and watch someone else take *all* the blame for it.
I don't know why I even have to argue this point... it should be common sense.
@_date: 2013-04-01 07:19:23
Yeah. It gives people with large amounts of money a reason to use it. Now those people have a vested interest in it being successful. There is the chance using bitcoins for those reasons attract unwanted govt attention though
... but I guess we'll cross that bridge if we come to it. Right now we have more important things to worry about... like hitting $100. I ;) 
@_date: 2013-11-15 01:20:21
As a software developer myself, I strongly recommend not "dragging your feet as long as possible." The core development team seems to think out changes carefully and test thoroughly before releasing an update, so when it happens there is good reason. Even if an update addresses bug fixes to a feature you don't currently use, you never know if you'll need to use that feature in the future and whether you'll remember to update before doing so.
On one hand, the software handles your money so if you're not familiar with it you may be scared to touch it. The solution isn't to not touch it, it's to learn enough that you're comfortable and able to understand how it works to the point you aren't afraid to touch it. The information is out there. On the other hand, the software handles your money so you want to be using the most up-to-date version to ensure you don't come across a bug that was recently fixed but you run into it because you're still on an old version. No software is perfect, and over time bugs will be found and fixed. And in the case of the Bitcoin client, there may be changes to the Bitcoin protocol that you don't want to be left out on.
It's good to wait a few days or so to let everyone else be the guinea pig, but if everyone did that there would be no guinea pigs. Wait a few days, check Google/reddit/forums to see if other people had problems updating, backup wallets/keys to somewhere safe, then update if it doesn't seem to have broken anything for everyone else.
Better than dragging your feet is to make sure you have backups and *know how to use them* should something go wrong during the update or while using the new version. That way you can always go back to a previous version in a worst-case scenario.
Remember: With Bitcoin, and cryptocurrencies in general, **you are responsible for protecting your money.** If you had cash stored in a safe and the safe manufacturer found out the safe had vulnerabilities or problems with its design, would you get the updated safe? (which, by the way, is being offered by the safe manufacturer for free.) And if your client/wallet is on a computer connected to the Internet (which should at the very least be locked up in a TrueCrypt volume), then imagine your safe is right in the middle of a bad neighborhood where people will try to break into it any chance they get.
@_date: 2013-11-28 05:41:18
I'm not sure what your point is, because Litecoin is at $42, and if two people were to mine for the past year (the comment was made 1 year ago) - one mining bitcoin and the other mining litecoin, it's difficult to say (without putting the effort into calculating it all out) which one would be more profitable... because you would have been mining a hell of a lot more litecoins than you would bitcoins with similar hardware.
I'm guessing that's Koolio from BTC-e... so he probably has plenty of both and is not hating himself one bit. He's also been working on a scrypt FPGA. I'm not sure if anything will come of it, but I think he's doing alright.
@_date: 2013-10-30 06:32:26
Good to know. I've never tried sending without a transaction fee, so I would have kept on thinking they were still optional.
@_date: 2013-10-18 20:43:33
Can you Google Translate your support replies to Russian, then back to English so I don't miss the BTC-e experience when using your exchange?
(seriously though, so far I've had a great experience with BTC-e)
@_date: 2013-04-21 21:58:54
I agree, and like I said, *at best* maybe it makes it a little less enjoyable for him. But that doesn't mean we should take his blame and put it on Mt.Gox. When Mt.Gox is suffering from a DoS attack, maybe we could have one post out of 99 calling the attacker's mom a whore instead of all 100 posts bitching about Mt.Gox. I'm a software developer and maybe I just empathize with Mt.Gox trying to create an improved system while trying to keep the old one running and fending off DoS attacks. There, we have gotten to the underlying reasoning for my post. Am I going to be billed for this?
@_date: 2013-11-07 03:14:40
*Relatively new technology has volatile USD price... is therefore a joke. We better abandon it! It surely can't be that its USD price will ever stabilize!* 
Does this guy realize only a small percentage of the population even knows what Bitcoin is and this number is growing quickly right now? Of course the price is going to be volatile for a while as more people become aware of it and want to use it and participate. Demand is outpacing supply.
And let's say I'm wrong and it stays volatile forever... 
--- begin daydreaming ---












--- end daydreaming ---
This is only an issue because there isn't enough adoption yet for most people to use Bitcoin as its own currency and not just a place-holder for USD. You have to convert BTC to USD if your supplier doesn't accept BTC yet. And if that day never comes... well then Bitcoin at worst is a great decentralized, pseudo-anonymous, inexpensive way of sending and receiving USD (or other "real" currency) over the Internet.
Next, Bitcoin is decentralized. It doesn't need a government to say it has value. People say it has value. As long as me and the guy I want to exchange goods or services with agree on what that value is, it is a currency? It just so happens that right now we're changing the agreed upon value a lot because the value we can get in USD is changing so much, and USD is what we use for most other goods or services.
And finally, not everyone who uses Bitcoin believes it will "take over the world" and "replace the dollar." I don't believe it will necessarily replace the dollar but it will serve a purpose. According to Mr. Weisenthal, there can only be one or the other. He was probably saying the same thing in 2011, then in 2012, and now in 2013. People like this are too "intelligent" and cynical to try new things (or he didn't hear about it early enough so missed out on being an early adopter) that they refuse to participate. And then if it becomes something great, their regret turns into anger and they actually turn from cynical to activist trying to destroy it, even if subconsciously, just because they weren't a part of it. "*I told you so*" feels a lot better than "*I should have*"... and that is essentially what they're after. 
Also, if you want to have a respectable debate or conversation, you don't start with a title like "Bitcoin Is A Joke." Why is this article in News when it should be in (Uninformed) Opinion?
I invite you all to read my upcoming *news* article on failures in journalism called "Joe Weisenthal is a fucking idiot."
I don't know why I typed so much in response to this. It's too bad that ignorance is never able to realize how ignorant it is. Making a mental note to take anything Joe Weisenthal says in the future - or anything Business Insider for that matter - as bias and uninformed. 
@_date: 2013-11-23 10:31:55
If you sold it and bought bitcoins more bitcoins than it would have mined then you're better off.
If you sold it for cash and didn't buy bitcoins you probably lost out on some potential profit.
At this moment, a 7Gh/s miner would mine 0.176 BTC/month (or about $150). This will decrease over time obviously, but it should have paid itself off now if you got it 1+ month ago.
If you paid for it with BTC, depending on what the price of BTC was (since Jalapenos were priced in USD) at the time you purchased it, you probably lost out as in many cases it will not mine back the BTC that you spent on it (obviously depends on when you got it and how many BTC you spent on it). In that case you would have been better off holding those coins, but to say that you won't see positive ROI is incorrect as you'd almost certainly be in black by now with current prices compared to the USD value of the Jalapeno ($160 before April, $275 after April price increase).
@_date: 2013-04-18 19:09:21
Maybe this is already possible and I'm just not aware of it... but can you keep your wallets in a different folder besides %USER%\AppData\Roaming\Multibit and tell Multibit to look there? This seems like a security problem because malicious software would know just where to look for wallets. I think this is true of other wallet software as well. Or maybe I don't understand correctly.
As it is now, I wrote a program to copy my Multibit folder from a mounted Truecrypt volume to %USER%\AppData\Roaming before opening Multibit, and move it back to the mounted TrueCrypt volume after I close Multibit. It also obfuscates the file names of everything in the Multibit folder and de-obfuscates before opening.
(I also have exported keys backed up to another harddrive, but that is unrelated.)
Is there a better/easier way I can do this? I know this is unrelated to the post and encryption (I think)... but hoping someone more knowledgeable about Multibit can provide some info.
@_date: 2013-04-15 18:40:27
Are you using your email address instead of your username? They switched it about a week ago because the trollbox shows usernames allowing thieves to easily get one half of the puzzle needed to log into your account.
You might already be aware of this, but I figured I'd mention it in case someone else isn't.
@_date: 2013-04-21 22:08:47
Shaking our fists and yelling at Mt.Gox beyond a certain point doesn't do anything either, but that doesn't stop everyone from doing it. For the *n*th time, I'm not saying don't blame Mt.Gox for their problems. But to blame them entirely for constant DoS attacks isn't fair either. They use CloudFlare, are working on improvements to their trading platform, and have significantly more money to lose than most of us do if their site goes down. I'm just sick of hearing how shitty Mt.Gox is with nobody acknowledging that there is an asshole, or assholes, out there causing (or at least magnifying) these problems.
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:10:33
If you're walking down the street and see a run-down house with "Bank" spray-painted on the front of it, you would obviously not store your money there. The same goes with storing bitcoins. The problem is that with websites, it's not difficult to make that run-down house look like a legitimate bank, even though it's still a run-down house.
Research *any* website/person you are sending coins to *before* you send them. It is good to search here and on bitcointalk.org, and Google of course.
You are responsible for protecting your bitcoins, just like if you were to keep a box of cash under your bed. Some people make mistakes and lose their .wallet files, don't make backups, etc. and this makes others think they'd be safer putting theirs in the trust of someone else. Unfortunately this is just as risky, if not more.
*Bitcoin Protip: If you don't know how to protect your coins, please educate yourself instead of trusting someone else to do it for you. The information is out there if you look for it.*
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:30:20
In regards to BTC-e specifically... a lot of people (myself included) by bitcoins on Mt.Gox since it is easy to get money into there, then send the bitcoins to BTC-e (where it is very difficult to get money into) in order to buy litecoins, or other crypto-coins.
Bitcoin buyers on BTC-e know this, and they know that most people will take a loss when it comes time to sell their bitcoins if they think they are getting a good deal on litecoins, etc. That is usually what keeps BTC-e bitcoin prices lower than Mt.Gox.
So if I'm buying bitcoins (or trading litecoins for bitcoins) on BTC-e I know that you were just using those bitcoins to move funds between exchanges and that you'll sell at a loss in order to get the type of coins you really want.
@_date: 2013-09-26 07:48:10
That's your only argument to everything I said?? That I used the word "pre-mined"?
Sounds like someone's panties are in a ripple. Of course there's no mining ripples, they've all been created already... just like pre-mining does (only pre-mining doesn't usually create *all of them*). The creators hand them out as they see fit, and if you ask correctly you might get a few. Create 1 billion ripples, keep 20 million for ourselves. Who would question that?
I never bitched about the open-sourcing, or even if they want to create a currency and hand them out to their friends by the millions and everyone else by the hundreds. But they praise decentralization and play on that buzzword at the same time they're a centralized network with centralized distribution of their transaction tax currency. 
Yeah, now you can setup your own server.... yippee... but if it disagrees with theirs they have the final say and can override the majority if they think it harms their network. That is not decentralization. It may not be terrible (until terrible people are in charge of it)... but it is *still not decentralized*.
Their network can send and receive bitcoins... yeah well technically so does the cable company's network and Time Warner isn't trying to get credit for being decentralized.
I'm going to sleep but feel free to call me clever names and such. I look forward to reading your rebuttal in the morning.
**Edit:** and in response to your other whiny comment, I never saw ripple and bitcoin in competition. I just don't like the way OpenCoin tries to pass itself off as a champion of decentralized currencies but when it comes to their own network and currency, it's "we better handle this ourselves guys... we're trustworthy, not like those *other* guys." I think there has to have been a meeting at some point where they looked at what they said vs. what they did and they all just laughed.
Feel free to correct me anywhere I'm incorrect or if I use words you don't like. I admit I'm not a ripple expert, but I feel like I've read enough to know what kind of people are behind this. And maybe I'm wrong... I'd love to be wrong. In that case they're not doing a good job of convincing me or a lot of other people.
@_date: 2013-11-21 20:35:24
Yes, it's Windows' fault for having such a large market share that most malware is designed to target its users or exploit its vulnerabilities. File encryption must simply not be possible in Linux or OSX then? How in the hell would Windows know whether or not a program is encrypting files for good or evil? If Windows was to put a level of control in place to prevent this type of thing from happening, everyone would bitch and nobody would use it. You would never get anything done because you would just sit there clicking prompts every time a program wanted to modify a file.
Most people use third-party anti-virus software, so do they not get blame for not preventing this?
How about blaming the assholes who create and distribute cryptolocker?
I'm a software developer, primarily for Windows, so I have as much to bitch about as anyone. But blaming *Windows* for cryptolocker is nuts. You have no idea what you're talking about from a software level.
@_date: 2013-11-30 17:40:29
So xtrememiners.net returned your coins? Or was it something Coinbase did? Either way it's good to hear. If xtrememiners returned your coins willingly, it makes them a tad less suspicious (although sometimes things like that are part of the scam and are done to build trust to get others in). But not enough trust that I would trust them without them providing a lot more info on them and their miners.
@_date: 2013-11-08 09:23:34
I'll take a guess.
You upgraded your BFL order to a Monarch(s) (and paid a 10% restocking fee for a product that was never "un-stocked")
Now you log into ButterflyLabs.com and it says that instead of your Monarch(s), you have (21) - one year of hosted mining... whatever that means.
Hopefully you at least got a 20% off coupon via cold-call.
That it?
@_date: 2013-10-07 19:02:32
All I'm saying is that ROI is not a definitive amount if you've paid with USD, because you're essentially trying to earn back a dollar number and not a Bitcoin number. I see comments stating "it'll *never* ROI" thrown around when it's not as simple as that. And I realize in many cases it's very unlikely, but very unlikely != never.
As I mentioned, you shouldn't invest based on what you hope the future price will be. So I'm not disagreeing with your formula for determining an appropriate price. I'm just saying that if you paid with USD, your ROI is based on USD and that is a constantly changing variable in the ROI equation. If you enjoy mining and are optimistic to a fault, you can always hope that Bitcoin price will rise and give you the chance to ROI and you will not necessarily be wishing for the impossible.
@_date: 2013-11-14 20:17:24
You may also find [CGWatcher]( useful.
@_date: 2013-10-20 21:07:35
I agree that if you can afford it, the more people contributing the better. But I would argue that you should be paying much less than $50/Gh/s. Even my BFL miners average out to $22/Gh/s and I won't recover the USD spent unless Bitcoin reaches $250. And these were ordered before BFL doubled prices across the board in April.
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:54:18
To attempt to be fair, Mt.Gox did announce yesterday that they would be shutting down "in the next 24-48 hours" to add new servers to handle the increasing load. Although to be fair from the other side, they did say it would only be for two hours though, which hasn't been the case.
Their capacity problems had a lot to do with the crash. If there is a 10-minute lag and I want to sell bitcoins, I have to guess what the price will be in 10 minutes and sell at that price. Well, to be safe and ensure my sale goes through I would give a low number, even slightly lower than what I expected the price to be in 10 minutes. Now add tens of thousands of people doing this, and the prices fall fast.
Ultimately I'm ok with Mt.Gox shutting down because they were a major cause in the crash. I hope the upgrades they are performing make a big difference so this doesn't keep happening. There are other exchanges you're free to trade on in the meantime. You are still able to login to Mt.Gox and withdraw your bitcoins if you should want to do that.
@_date: 2013-11-07 04:46:00
Tell me an investment that isn't faith-based. If you're trying to make the argument that buying bitcoins is better than buying miners right now, that's fine. But I'm not sure what point you're trying to make.
I guarantee those electricity costs aren't correct. In theory, miners should set the base price. You shouldn't sell the coins you mine for less than it costs you to mine them. Maybe a small part of what we're seeing with current prices is some miners realizing that.
@_date: 2013-04-21 20:19:25
I can agree with that. If there is lag problems on Mt.Gox that is not caused by a DoS attack, then I absolutely blame Mt.Gox. I heard that they have been developing a new trading engine and will be implementing it soon, among other planned improvements. The point is I don't think they're sitting around doing nothing. Maybe they should communicate what they're doing better, and they can be blamed for that too. But they shouldn't take all of the blame for DoS attacks, which seems to be what most (or at least the vocal few) do every time it happens.
@_date: 2013-04-23 16:33:36
He probably said the same thing about the automobile when it first started to get popular.
@_date: 2013-10-20 06:52:43
Is there some way I can short Mt.Gox as an investment? Usually things like this would get better over time... but it's the opposite. He fell into a pile of gold and came out smelling like a turd.
@_date: 2013-09-24 04:15:12
Well it's good to see we agree on something. I see your argument has shifted from them not shipping future orders at all to how late they might ship them... something I've acknowledged is a problem and is not the same thing as running a ponzi scheme. I agree that they have not done a good job on getting orders out even on the timeline they themselves set, but that was not your reasoning for writing Dwolla, nor your argument up to this point. Anyway, it's been fun but I don't wish to start over debating your new arguments so it's time to end this wonderful discussion.
@_date: 2013-03-24 00:31:07
Micro Center had MSI Radeon HD 7870s on sale for $209 after rebate at least as of last weekend. I've been pretty happy with it and it seems to be very good for overclocking. I've tried GUIMiner, Phoenix, and now am using cgminer. I have it overclocked to 1280 and am getting around 480Mh/s, and it's running on an AMD APU so the integrated 6410 is pumping out 18Mh/s on top of that. Even at 10-12 intensity the computer is still usable (although playing videos, etc may have a problem) so maybe I can squeeze some more out of it.
The [Bitcoin mining hardware comparison]( is a good place to start. With one 7870 (plus the integrated 6410) and a 6450 in another computer, I averaged ~0.15BTC/36hr the first couple days... then was stuck on the same block for the past three (it was just solved though!.) It hasn't been running long enough to give a good daily average, but I'm thinking a few dollars a day should be reasonably expected once they're all running 24/7 at current difficuly and prices. I still have an Asus 7850 to put in another computer, after testing it seems to average around 360Mh/s. I have an ASIC ordered as well, but figured with GPUs I could learn more about mining while I wait. If it comes down to deciding between a 7850 or 7870, I recommend you spend the extra ~$30 and get the 7870. If you have more to spend, go with whatever gives you the best hashrate according to the hardware comparison for the money you want to pay.
Also make sure you have good power supplies powering them. Micro Center also had Thermaltake 600W for $30 after rebate. I use Antec in my personal computer but Thermaltake seems to be about the cheapest brand I'd feel comfortable with using.
My advice would be to get motherboards with three or four PCIe slots. I'm pretty sure even x1 slots can be used for mining, but you'll probably need riser cables/adapters. Fill all of those slots with similar cards. I use TripleMining as my mining pool, but there is also a [mining pool comparison]( Different pools pay out different ways so you'll want to do a little research into which one you prefer.
FPGAs should also be mentioned, but I didn't look too much into them because on the hardware comparison list their hashrate seemed to be similar to higher-end GPUs. I guess the advantage of using them is not needing a PCIe slot and they may use less power = cost less money to operate. I just wanted to get started mining using some computers I already had (though they each only have one PCIe slot) without spending a ton of money. I plan on putting the 7850 in a friend's computer and running it 24/7.
I've noticed a few times where cgminer will stop mining (sick or dead gpu, or display driver crash) so I wrote a program to monitor cgminer and react when needed to restart it, ensuring that they run 24/7. I'll probably upload it somewhere when I finish a few more things. It has some control features and additional statistics (not to mention, prettier to look at) that someone else may also find useful. 
Edit: Corrected my mining average. TripleMining averages one block every 36 hours.
@_date: 2013-04-01 13:39:00
Just my experience: my Mt.Gox account isn't verified and I've made several deposits and bought/sold bitcoins over the past few months. I used BitInstant and paid via Moneygram at Walmart.
@_date: 2013-09-24 06:06:39
Stop DICK. You're going to cause the spam filter to be tweaked to block your spam scam bullshit and it's going to make it more difficult for real posts to get through.
@_date: 2013-12-08 03:56:12
In theory, miners should not sell coins for less than it costs them to mine those coins. Companies that mine precious metals or gems don't sell them at a loss. The recent price increases should have been at least in small part due to the increased cost of mining. Obviously speculators played a larger part, and once the ball got rolling everyone wanted to jump on the money train. If it gets to a point where every miner is mining at a loss, then miners need to stop selling coins until the price reaches at least a break-even point.
We're still at $700, which means mining is still profitable for me. Prices seem to have stabilized aside from the couple times throughout the day where certain regions "wake up" and there is some movement. I'm not sure what Monday will bring, but it will at the very least be interesting.
Right now everyone is in "Cold War" mode - we're all just sitting here with our finger on the sell button watching for someone else to make the first move. The fear should decrease as time goes by if it stays like this. It sucks that so many people are in panic mode that they are creating their own self-fulfilling prophecies. That is the downside to having so many new people arriving - they haven't been through it before to know it's not "dying".
TL;DR - Miners, don't sell your coins for less than it costs you to mine. The price will climb and ultimately reach a point where you will profit, or at least break even. You just have to have the testicles to hold out until it gets to that price.
@_date: 2013-04-23 17:48:43
I think it was the "hot air" comment more than anything.
@_date: 2013-11-29 16:31:52
I hope for your sake it isn't a scam, but it doesn't look good. BitcoinBlackFriday responded and removed them from the site. 
@_date: 2013-11-09 00:00:28
Usually when I'm new to a place I also start out by telling everyone already there what they're doing wrong and how they don't measure up to my expectations.
Maybe you should move to Bitcointalk where the memes are replaced by scams.
@_date: 2013-03-03 19:32:15
Also, most of the comments on their website use the words "*you all*" to refer to the business. I'm guessing they were all written by the same person, probably at the same time. The description for their new mining rig, the "Mammoth Miner 280K" also states, "*We give our customers what they want, this is what* **you all** *requested.*" 
I don't think it's a coincidence. I'm going to go out on a limb and say the website and comments were written by the same person. If the guy is too lazy to have friends or family write comments so they sound like they were actually written by different people, how much work do you think he's putting that "mining rig"?
Also, "*All products excluding mining rigs, and other mining products get a 30 day refund guarantee... All mining rigs except for the Lightning Miner product line have a 45 day refund policy as long as they are in near new condition.*"
So the only product they sell (aside from a few marked-up graphics cards) are not refundable. Yet the mining rigs say "Lifetime warranty" next to them? Oh wait, this clears it up: "*Even though the mining devices have a cut off time on refund, they do however come with a warranty through and by MultiVerse Computers.  Their warranty will be listed in their specs.*" You just have to buy the thing to see that warranty. Makes sense!
No specs on the mining hardware. Instead, you have to email their "support." Also no specs on the new hardware they're "developing"... they're keeping most details "Hush Hush."
I realize the other comments here should be enough to make it clear this is a scam, but just wanted to add what I noticed/thought.
@_date: 2013-09-24 02:34:43
Your arguments don't apply here. This isn't being anti-BFL in a way people are anti-Apple or anti-Microsoft. In those cases, those people just don't buy their products. You're not satisfied with not buying BFL's products... you want to interfere with other peoples' ability to buy BFL products because **you say so**. People that don't like Apple don't try to start an email campaign to get Visa to stop accepting payments for Apple. If, like an anti-Apple person would do, you want to make fun of me or call me an idiot for pre-ordering ASICs from BFL, I have no problem with that. But you don't create problems for other people that have different opinions than you and might want to order in the future using Dwolla... especially when you have never ordered from or were negatively affected by BFL!
Nobody needs a vigilante super-hero to protect us from big, bad BFL.
So yeah, it is a sensitive spot. If you want to bitch about BFL go ahead, I made it clear I didn't have a problem with that. But you're taking steps (and encouraging others to, whether you admit to it or not) to try to put BFL in financial trouble (if they aren't already) while there are still a lot of outstanding orders and customers that would be affected... even while they are undoubtedly making a lot of progress in catching those orders up. Josh even made it clear that if you didn't have the stomach for pre-orders, do not pre-order any future products or services. No matter what you think of the guy... this is the bottom line.
Stop playing the *now-victimized* white knight and find a fulfilling hobby.
@_date: 2013-11-07 08:36:34
Here's some math I did a few weeks ago: 
I haven't checked to see if the numbers still hold up, but for anything arriving in January (or even late December) I wouldn't pay over $1/Gh/s... which basically eliminates everything.
@_date: 2013-11-16 04:44:01
It wouldn't surprise me if the Butterfly Labs order was by a business partner or subsidiary where it would be similar to me taking $100 out of my left pocket and putting it into my right pocket and telling everyone I just made $100 in 30 seconds. Hell, knowing BFL it could be a subsidiary company that will be offering the hosted Monarch mining so amounted to nothing more than a publicity stunt. 
Or it could be another MaaS company who plans on leasing out shares of the equipment for slightly more than they would earn by mining themselves.
It could also be someone who made millions by mining from the early days so is looking at it in terms of re-investing the thousands of dollars they spent in mining equipment back in 2011 now that those coins are worth millions.
But I suspect the order was from somebody heavily invested in Butterfly Labs. I have a hard time thinking someone with that kind of money would choose now to invest, unless he was getting those Monarchs at $0.10/Gh/s for buying in bulk.
And if you're considering buying a Monarch, just remember that you now have *at least* $1 million in pre-orders ahead of you that will not only ship before yours, but will go online before you get yours so could cause a significant jump in difficulty. At least first-gen BFL customers were kept in the dark about the number of pre-orders, so you could always be optimistic. In an effort to generate publicity, they've basically told you that buying the product now is pointless.
Whoever it is, they probably would have done far better by just spending that money on bitcoins. Or maybe they just want to mine Terracoin? ;)
As for KnC, they probably just opened up pre-orders again for the next batch which is why they made so much in a few days. I don't think it's all from one person.
@_date: 2013-04-21 19:53:23
Assuming that number is correct, do you think losing out on *a quarter million USD per fucking day* is not enough motivation to be putting every resource they have into stopping this? Unless you have inside knowledge on exactly what Mt.Gox has done or not done over the past couple months that you'd like to share with us, I don't think you're in a position to say whether it could be done better or quicker. And maybe it can, I'm not in a position to say either. The difference between us is that I'm smart enough to realize that I don't know, where you are certain that everyone but you is an idiot.
I'm not arguing that Mt.Gox should be free from any blame, but I don't think "they should buy the botnet" is a valid argument. According to that logic, if I walk into a bank and tell them I'm going to rob them if they don't hire me, and they don't hire me... it is their fault I robbed the bank.
Maybe you should offer your expertise to Mt.Gox since you obviously know enough to blame them completely, with certainty.
@_date: 2013-04-11 04:46:30
I use BitInstant (CVS -&gt; Mt.Gox) to deposit into my unverified Mt.Gox account. Assuming you did everything right, the money is deposited in your account before you even walk out of CVS/Walmart. You can then place a buy order whenever you want for whatever you want. I've bought and sold on Mt.Gox unverified, and deposited and withdrew bitcoins there. When it comes time to cash out, that's when you need to be verified. Alternatively, you can check out sites like FastCash4Bitcoins.com who will buy your BTC at 2.49% below current Mt.Gox market value and you would send your BTC to them. **I haven't used them yet so I cannot vouch for them personally.** But if I need to cash out before Mt.Gox verification, that is an option (and I haven't heard anything terrible about them yet.) Obviously, do your research before you send anyone your bitcoins... and test it with a small amount first.
Depositing through BitInstant means you pay 3.99% deposit fees + $3.95 fee. (It works out to about $20 per $100, plus the $3.95 fee. It definitely isn't the cheapest option but it a fast way to convert cash into BTC. There is a limit of $500 per deposit this way, so if you want to deposit more, create multiple BitInstant deposits and change the deposit amount by $0.01 for each one.
As an example, if you want to deposit $1500, you'll make three separate BitInstant deposits. One for $500, one for $499.99, and one for $499.98. If you don't do this and try to make them all for $500, Moneygram will think the second and third are duplicate payments and won't allow them to go through until you wait about half an hour after the previous deposit. (Moneygram told me I'd only have to wait 10 minutes between each one, but it was more like 30 minutes before the next one would go through.)
I've deposited CVS-&gt;MtGox using BitInstant about 10 times now. Every time I got an email alert on my phone that it was completed before I even left the store. I usually pay at Walmart, but selecting Walmart-&gt;MtGox didn't work sometimes so if you select CVS-&gt;MtGox you can later select Walmart (or other nearby Moneygram places) when you get to that step. Once you setup a deposit, I think you have 120 hours to deposit it or it gets cancelled and you have to setup a new deposit.
@_date: 2013-09-22 18:14:40
There are "thin" wallets like Multibit and Electrum that don't require the full blockchain download. Instead the blockchain is stored on a server shared by Multibit users (same with Electrum). This is very convenient because it only takes minutes to initially load, compared to hours or days. Even opening the wallet once a month only takes about a minute to catch up. The downside is that the more people use these wallets, the less secure the network is because you're reducing the number of nodes and having to trust that the server your wallet uses is honest and correct. Fortunately there are enough people running full nodes that this is not a problem (at least not currently) and popular wallets like Multibit and Electrum have good reputations... so they provide a great alternative to users who cannot store the entire blockchain due to size or bandwidth limitations.
If you do run a full node, the initial download can be rough but if you leave it running (bitcoin-qt) it stays caught up, assuming you're always connected to the Internet.
As for mining, it will never become impossible because the network readjusts the difficulty automatically. If it were able to reach a theoretical "impossible" limit, nobody would be able to solve a block and therefore difficulty would lower until block solving averaged to about 10 minutes again.
@_date: 2013-10-03 16:24:48
You may need to manually add "sloppy" and "wtf"
@_date: 2013-11-23 20:56:55
I'm not suggesting this is an accurate number, and there are many qualifications I'll make first in an attempt to avoid arguments like "not everyone uses this program", which I realize and am clearly pointing out. It is an application that runs on mining computers so it is just a small sample size. This data is very easy data to get so I'll post it and you can take it how you want. At the very least, it's interesting to see some of the countries that show up.
- The program is in English, so the majority of users are English speakers. I do have adding multilingual support on the to-do list, but not near the top. Once that happens it may give a better overall picture.
- The program is Windows only.
- This is for downloads using a bit.ly link for a single recent version (1.3.2). Many users upgrade to new versions using the auto-update option inside the program so would not be using this link. There is no way to accurately get an overall representation of all 6000+ miners it is running on (only counting v1.3.1 or newer) unless I logged IP addresses, which I don't.
- This version had 3,366 downloads using the bit.ly link, which is obviously a small percentage of miners. The idea here is that it's a sample group, which may represent the entire group to a certain degree. But because of the other reasons listed here, it may not. Although it is technically possible to collect this information (at least for users not using proxies), you'll probably end up only being able to get samples, which is how most statistical data of this nature is collected.
Because of how difficult it would be to get the kind of information you're looking for, I'm just posting this as something to look at. It at least gives you an idea of some of the countries where people are mining. Again, I'm not stating that this is an accurate representation, but as nobody has provided any data so far I figured I'd mention it to get it started and hopefully others can add on or correct.
The reason this stat doesn't exist is due to the decentralized nature of bitcoin. There isn't even a single application that all miners use, so no central point to collect IP addresses. Getting this information would be a project in and of itself. If cgminer and bfgminer downloads are logged with IP addresses, you may be able to get a decent number (although there are many exceptions there also). Otherwise I think you'd have to see if the big pools are logging IPs, collect and combine that data, and group those by country? It'd be really nice to get a hashrate for each IP address also, but that's wishful thinking.
Anyway, CGWatcher 1.3.2 bit.ly download stats:
You can also see stats for all of my bit.ly links, which are mostly CGWatcher versions. But there are a few others that should not be included. Another problem with total stats is that one user who has downloaded several different versions would be counted for each version.
@_date: 2013-11-07 09:08:39
Also, 
This subreddit quickly turns into "*Hey guys, I sold at $X so I'll now try to convince everyone else to so I don't feel stupid in an hour.*"
@_date: 2013-11-07 03:19:24
Try sending a PM to dev or admin. I've only had one problem ever (my fault, I just wanted my 2FA key changed after my stupid phone decided to do a Google search of the key instead of sending it to Authenticator) and they did it and got back to me immediately. There is a bit of a language barrier though sometimes.
FWIW, I just made a few BTC and LTC deposits yesterday with no problems. I also withdrew to test F2A and it also worked, although there was a slight delay in the transaction reaching the network. This may be because they handle withdrawals in batches though.
@_date: 2013-11-05 20:26:46
Reddit upvotes and downvotes aren't necessarily accurate. The system often automatically adds upvotes or downvotes to prevent people from voting one way or the other because everyone else did (or didn't). The karma count (currently 5 for your post) should be accurate, but you have to take the upvote vs. downvote counts with a grain of salt. There are much better explanations of this floating around, I just wanted to say that the 2 downvotes may not be real.
@_date: 2013-11-07 23:00:16
Also, and this may be obvious but I remember reading it somewhere recently...
If you are buying bitcoins in person and the seller hands you a paper wallet with your bitcoins already on it... do not import the private key into your own wallet. Create a new wallet for this private key and immediately send to your real wallet. Never trust a wallet that someone else has the private key to.
If I remember correctly, the story I read was that seller gives buyer paper wallet, buyer imports private key into his own wallet and sees that the bitcoins are in fact now in his wallet, pays seller, gets home to find out seller had created his own wallet with the private key and moved bitcoins out of the wallet immediately after the sale.
Not to mention, if you ever import a private key that someone else knows into an existing wallet, any time you send bitcoins your wallet client may have change sent back to that private key's address... meaning the other person can now send those coins too.
@_date: 2013-09-20 07:35:29
Being that they haven't actually produced the Monarchs they are going to use for cloudhashing (even by their own acknowledgement), I wouldn't expect a real photo. They could also be leasing space at an existing data center when they do start it.
I get that BFL hate is popular right now, and rightfully so for people actually affected... but at least put some effort into it.
Also, sometimes those pretty girls you see on the home page of websites do not actually work for that company.
@_date: 2013-09-24 19:20:05
@_date: 2013-11-07 20:27:17
I agree with your comment but using Mt.Gox is a bad example right now. There are many people having difficulty transferring their BTC out (let alone USD, which is near impossible). Obviously some people are able to get money out because there is still a lot of trading going on there, but if you're going to store coins in an exchange and you live in US or want USD, I'd suggest you do not use Mt.Gox until they have resolved some of their legal and technical problems. And like I said, there are many reports of people having problems transferring even BTC out... but I'll give the benefit of the doubt and say maybe those are just delayed.
@_date: 2013-11-16 05:04:10
If you ordered in June you should not be surprised by this. I ordered in March and I wasn't surprised that mine didn't arrive until October. Disappointed? Yes. Shocked? No.
Do you check the shipping blog? That is the best way to determine when your miners might arrive, although it's not a great tool for estimating because the number of orders placed on a given date vary, so even if they ship 1000 miners every day the pay-date they've shipped through might not change, or might change by a couple weeks.
Anyway, right now they've shipped Jalapenos through May 24th pay-date. This is why you have not received your June order. Like I said, I got my miners later than I had hoped but it was no big secret... especially by June. They started shipping in April so by June you should have been able to get an even better idea of what kind of production numbers they were hitting. Jody's shipping blog was around back then.
Don't get me wrong... I wouldn't suggest ordering anything from BFL either. I won't go into my personal opinions but suffice it to say I wouldn't even order a sandwich from that company because it would be trusting them with too much money. Right now is a bad time to be buying ASICs from *anyone*. But "victim" is a tad bit dramatic here. You had the resources at the time you placed the order to make an educated decision.
@_date: 2013-12-28 05:23:52
He also has to pay his suppliers in dollars. Businesses that accept bitcoins will have to do this until adoption reaches a point where the suppliers accept it to. Overstock is using bitcoins as a currency... that's a good thing. As far as I know you dont have to be long on a currency to accept it. It wouldn't surprise me if they did hold a small percentage of coins though. 
Regardless of the idiots at Fox News, it was a good interview because it reminds viewers that they can accept bitcoin without the risk from current volatility.
@_date: 2013-11-07 09:04:13
For how many people are online right now, this subreddit sure has an echo.
As if anyone online isn't glued to live charts right now anyway.
@_date: 2013-04-13 00:16:40
You won't reach that hashrate on that budget unless you pre-order an ASIC, which may take months to arrive.
Do you have a monitor or television you could use as a monitor? If so, I'd look for a cheap desktop with at least 2 PCI-Express slots. (I ask about a monitor or tv so you don't have to spend money on one.) Then buy two graphics cards to run in it.
Say you find a decent used desktop for $200 (which is feasible... it doesn't need to be anything too powerful), you could then spend $500 on two graphics cards... maybe two 7950s which would give you about 1.2Gh/s (or 1.2Mh/s mining litecoins.) Though you'd likely have to upgrade the power supply to run those two 7950s.
There are a lot of variables in suggesting how to get the highest hashrate per dollar. If you haven't seen it, look at the [Bitcoin Mining Hardware Comparison]( to get an idea of what your options are.
@_date: 2013-11-07 04:20:05
Ahh, if there is a crash we're going to look back on these posts disgusted by our own joy and optimism. ;)
@_date: 2013-11-22 20:56:53
It may not be perfect but there are *many* people who wish the exchanges they used would have required email confirmations for withdrawals... it could have prevented some thefts. It's at least a speed bump, assuming your email account hasn't been compromised.
@_date: 2013-11-07 20:20:04
That doesn't make it 100% safe. Quoting from Coindesk's article on inputs.io, which quotes Bitcointalk user "masteroflove":


Granted, it's an unlikely (but not impossible) scenario. I agree that Blockchain.info is as good as you're going to get with "online" wallets (I did not say shared wallet). You retain complete control of your private keys as long as Blockchain.info retains control of their domain.
@_date: 2013-11-07 21:33:42
And each block has to contain a reference to the previous block. So even if Node A solved a block and Node B had been working on a completely different group of transactions, they would still have to start over to include a reference to Node A's block.
@_date: 2013-04-04 23:25:42
Delete the BitInstant information before someone steals your money.
Edit: Nevermind, I didn't read the entire post. I was in a hurry to warn the OP before someone used his code. I saw this happen in a post the other day.
@_date: 2013-11-07 08:23:38
It's also a good idea to check Bitcointalk.org if you're thinking of sending any money to any person or business.
The search option on Bitcointalk sucks. Either:
Add 
    site:bitcointalk.org
to your Google search to have it search that site only. The downside is these results will not be as up-to-date as using the site's search.
Click on the magnifying glass next to Bitcointalk's search box to go to the Advanced Search. Add 
    -abcdefghijklmnop
or any other string of random characters following the dash to make your search unique to any previous searches. In this case it will search for any posts not containing the word "abcdefghijklmnop". This ensures you don't get cached searches, or whatever the problem is that causes searches to show completely unrelated results more often than not. 
Example Bitcointalk search: 
    terrahash scam -efmfoelrfmeslkdopjkf
@_date: 2013-11-08 21:06:45
One way to look at it: if you want to double your investment, which do you think will happen first? Bitcoin reaching $700 or Litecoin reaching $9? In theory the more you have of something, the less it has to rise in order to create profit. But theory tends to get thrown out the window in the new world of cryptocurrencies.
Both have doubled in value recently, and despite what some people say... their values are somewhat linked. If Bitcoin prices rise significantly, so do Litecoin prices. This isn't something that *has* to happen, but speculators keep it that way. Bots take advantage of momentary gaps in the BTC/LTC exchange rate, so the two are often used together, meaning when BTC goes up, LTC often follows.
A month or two ago I would have said buy all Litecoins. But after seeing Bitcoin take off like a rocket, it's difficult to say which would double first... and they may do it at the same time.
That said, I would also recommend getting some of both.
@_date: 2013-11-22 21:07:26
Along with being verified you also have to be incredibly lucky from what I hear. Trying to withdraw anything from Mt.Gox (especially USD) is more of a gamble than the trading itself.
I had an unverified account back in April I used to deposit USD (via BitInstant) and could withdraw BTC. I emailed them to let them know they had the wrong date listed for my birthday, and I wanted to correct it before I started the verification process so it wouldn't cause any problems. They wrote me back and said my account was now locked without referring to my question whatsoever. Luckily I withdrew everything before I contacted them in case that happened.
@_date: 2013-09-24 00:06:04
Have you ever ordered anything from BFL? If not, you're taking it upon yourself to decide which companies are legitimate and specifically which companies Dwolla should deal with, while having no skin in the game and without anyone *with* skin in the game asking you to do so.
Your claim is that BFL is a ponzi scheme, so you're goal is to prevent other adults from choosing to buy a new product/service from them. If you are correct, this also jeopardizes people like myself who are awaiting pre-orders if they do in fact need money to complete and ship current orders. If you are incorrect, you're telling others (adults) who they can and can't buy from and how they can pay for it. Am I biased because I am awaiting a pre-order? Probably. After I get my ASICs will I email Dwolla attempting to screw everyone else still waiting for theirs? No.
So you either:
a) never order anything from BFL and are a white knight trying to protect people from making their own decisions. There is enough information on BFL and the pre-order fiasco that we don't need you eliminating payment options should we decide to order something from them. If anything you should be encouraging payment options that can assist with getting refunds rather than eliminating every option but bitcoin where there is no outside assistance in getting a refund.
b) ordered and got a refund in which case what are you complaining about? you didn't like the wait time and you got your money back. end of story.
c) ordered and got your ASIC in which case you are possibly hurting people in line behind you by reducing BFL's access to funds from Dwolla whether they need them for current orders or not. Essentially "I got mine so fuck everyone else."
d) ordered and are still waiting in which case you are hurting yourself and others still waiting for the reason listed in item c. If you've paid with PayPal you can get a refund. If you paid with Bitcoin you can probably sell the preorder for what you paid for it assuming you ordered before April. If you ordered after April, then you should have known delays were possible and even likely. But I have a feeling you're A.
BFL may have missed deadline after deadline, there's no arguing that. But they have been shipping products - last week they covered two months of singles in 4 days. What they are doing with what money is none of your business if they fulfill your order. And if you're not happy with when they fulfill your order, you can in most cases get a refund (unless you paid with bitcoin, which I admit is shady... but that's not what your argument is. In fact, your goal is to force this as the only payment option.) Do I think BFL should have honored refund requests without PayPal needing to intervene? Yes, absolutely. But does your getting Dwolla to not deal with them have anything to do with that? No. Is it going to just make getting refunds in the future more difficult? Yes. So who exactly are you trying to punish?
And to be clear I am not a BFL sock puppet. I'm as unhappy as other customers are about the delays. And I did pay with PayPal so a refund is an option for me. But causing them more financial harm when it is clear they are attempting to clear up the backlog is not helping anyone except your ego. If you've been following the shipping blog you'd see that they are finally making some progress. If you put them out of business the only winners are the lawyers.
TL;DR - Thanks, but we don't need you to look out for us or write emails for us. If you want to post warning people about the significant delays, go at it. But you don't need to send emails on my behalf or anyone else's. I don't even mind that you sent your email... but trying to get others to copy it and bombard Dwolla to give you a warm fuzzy hero feeling bothers me.
@_date: 2013-10-07 18:35:07
Don't feel too bad, MultiBit is clunky. Even a well designed interface wouldn't save you from a missing password, but there are definitely some things about its UI that I find confusing and unintuitive... and I've been designing and writing software for 15 years.
I *think* there is a python script or program written that will try to get your wallet back if you remember most of the password. I think it was on GitHub.
@_date: 2013-12-04 03:49:26
If you have more bitcoins than me then you should be happier.
@_date: 2013-11-04 03:20:47
(Good) online gambling sites use random number generators that are created based on ambient noise while being in a room/building where outside noise is blocked. It may be a separate company that offers this, I can't remember specifically. I heard about it after some big scams in the online-gambling world where online casino developers were later found to be scamming people on sites that used the casino software they created.
I would guess that for most people even basing it off ambient noise in their house would be alright. They could always say something during the recording to help increase the randomness.
@_date: 2013-11-18 04:00:06
In a year or two from now we may be looking back on this period and realize it wasn't that steep of a climb compared to where we may be by then.
We'll be reading posts announcing Bitcoin has hit 5-digit USD prices along with other posts saying "Remember when we all panicked because Bitcoin went up $200 in a week? LOL"
What seems to be happening now with increased awareness is that as soon as there is a little dip because of a big sell-off, there are more than enough people waiting there to buy those coins at a discount. This may be only the first step in a very long stairway.
I realize many people are looking at Bitcoin as an investment and not as a currency... which should be fine because I would think it would help adoption. To a business owner considering accepting Bitcoin, you have to admit that the past few weeks would make it look very enticing. Once we get the adoption and you can spend Bitcoin on anything and everything, it will have more value as a currency and not just a commodity. But I think what we're seeing will help us get there faster, provided there isn't a sharp drop coming.
We've never been here before... so anyone guaranteeing it is or isn't a bubble is taking as much of a guess as anyone else.
@_date: 2013-10-28 18:01:50
@_date: 2013-10-09 23:56:02
You'd think anyone mining bitcoin would be happy to get people off their coin of choice and off mining something else. If I'm mining bitcoin (which I am) I'm going to prefer as many people go to alt-coins as possible because it's less hashing power I have to compete with, even if minimal.
I can understand not wanting the subreddit to turn into an alt-coin free-for-all (there are other subreddits for that already), but mentioning an alt-coin when it's relevant to the topic should not be automatically downvoted.
In regard to the comment about other coins, it depends on the hour (or minute). There are sometimes sha256 coins that have a higher profitability than bitcoin, meaning if you mine them and convert to bitcoin, you end up with more bitcoin than you would have had by just mining bitcoin. There isn't a selection of sha256-based multipools like there is for scrypt, so if you want to automate this or want more control than a multipool offers, check  Then I'd suggest looking into an exchange with an auto-sell option like Cryptsy to help automate the second part of the process - exchanging the coins while they're still more profitable. Alternatively, you can hold them and hope their profitability increases someday, or mine whichever coin gets you the most coins the quickest, and hope that pays off in the future. You can do all of this and more in CGWatcher, including creating your own profitability formula.
@_date: 2013-10-20 18:53:57
I agree, but the default price on TGB is $0.15/kWh. I pay $0.05, as I know many other people outside of big cities do, so I went with $0.10.
Your not making a counter-argument with Litecoin mining, you're making a completely different one. My post is "If you're thinking of ordering an ASIC"... not "If you're thinking of mining". Not to mention this is where discussion is generally kept to Bitcoin (whether you like it or not.)
I also have GPUs mining Litecoin so I agree with your point. Even at $1.76, Litecoin is currently ~600% more profitable to mine than Bitcoin with a GPU that has roughly 1:1000 scrypt to sha256 hashing ratio. If you have GPUs you can try [profitability mining]( to mine coins even more profitable than Litecoin. There are also pools that switch for you and even exchange to Bitcoin automatically (although the results are not perfect).
@_date: 2013-10-07 18:18:04
It's important to remember that this only applies if you pay for equipment with USD. If you pay with Bitcoins, in many cases the machine won't mine back the Bitcoins you spent. It's unfortunate that it's really not a good strategy to buy Bitcoin miners with Bitcoins - you have to hope that BTC prices fall considerably so you can buy back the BTC spent on the miner much cheaper and tell yourself you paid that much for the miner. But then the BTC you mine are worth less so you still lose.
It's a bad idea to base the decision to invest on what you "hope" Bitcoin prices will be in the future. But yes, if you bought the miners with USD and Bitcoin price doubles, then that money-pit space-heater might turn itself into a small ROI. If you wait long enough and let's say Bitcoin breaks $1000 one day, then all of a sudden that Jalapeno was a pretty good investment.
The bigger argument in most cases is that if you had just bought Bitcoins instead of the mining equipment, you'd probably be much more ahead in the end. But what's the fun of that? To many mining is a hobby, and most hobbies don't ROI. At least with mining there is a chance to ROI. And with alt-coins and profitability volatility, it can actually be a more interesting hobby than "plug it in and watch." You can strategize and gamble on which coins to mine based on what is most profitable at the moment (compared to BTC) then convert those mined coins to Bitcoins and end up with more than you would have mined if you just mined Bitcoins themselves. Yes, buying Bitcoins in the beginning will probably be more profitable... but who needs money to go sit on a warm beach somewhere when you can sit in your very own house being heated by Bitcoin miners? ;)
@_date: 2013-11-12 21:26:06
These comments are worse than "reposted" questions. When someone buys mining equipment and realizes they're losing money with it, then comes here to post/complain about it... everyone says "you should have came here and asked *before* you invested, we could have told you to avoid this."
OP is asking first, and getting bitched at. If you don't want to help, don't reply. You guys bitch about reposts but have enough time to read them then write a whiny-ass, "stop wasting my time" comment. Save your previous time by moving on to the next post. If you're compelled to give OP a piece of your mind, click the goddamn downvote button and move on.
If I'm off here... *please... help me understand.* Why should we not help people asking for it? And if you don't want to help, why not just ignore the post? The posts I see and respond to may be different than the ones the next guy sees, and reddit's search isn't exactly extraordinary. gave helpful information that will not only help the OP, but help anyone else reading this. He also was not hurt or killed by submitting a helpful comment. The "research" you're telling OP he should have done is essentially other people asking for help. Should they have not asked either? Is there one first post that we should use as the only source of information? Thanks to this post has helpful info so it is now part of future "research" on this subject, so maybe it will prevent a few questions being posted in the future by other people... which should help you sleep better tonight.
Maybe OP just doesn't have great searching skills. Sure, it may not be difficult for you or me. But have you seen the way non-technically-inclined people search? Even with how good Google is, when providing support I often have to tell people exact words to search for to find something. Most people also don't know about *site:* searching in Google. And before the "if OP isn't technically-inclined he shouldn't be buying a miner" comment... he is looking to buy hosted mining that would be setup and maintained by BFL. That doesn't necessarily require technical expertise. And BFL markets their products as if the customer should expect them in a reasonable time frame... which isn't true. They're not exactly forthcoming on their shipping history, and not everyone is familiar with Bitcointalk to see what kind of "customer service" Josh gives people. Even the "press" section of their website is cherry-picked news articles from legitimate sources.
**TL;DR** - OP thought that before he made an investment decision he should ask people more knowledgeable on the subject. Fuck him, right?
**To OP:** I think advice is correct. It may be mid-2014 before those things come online, and by then they definitely wouldn't be worth it. Even if you got it by December (impossible) it's not worth it (source:  Not to mention the big story on BitPay processing a $1 million dollar transaction for BFL Monarchs, which tells you there is a line ahead of you in production and that at least $1 million worth of Monarchs will be coming online *before* yours. Here is some more information I posted a month or so ago but should still apply: 
**To u/jonstern:** I have a feeling you and u/nimblebedbug are brothers (or the same person) given that you only comment to: tell people how dumb they are, bitch about reposts, or defend coinbase. Maybe all you guys should start your own subreddit where the only people you bother is each other.
@_date: 2013-10-30 05:50:55
Fees already are optional, although if you don't pay a fee you might be waiting a little while for that first confirmation because miners are obviously going to give higher fees higher priority.
Bitcoin has standards, voted on by Bitcoin Foundation members (which is open to anyone who donates). There is an active team of core developers. This doesn't make Bitcoin centralized, it allows it to evolve. Ultimately the majority has the final say... if something was really unpopular and the majority did not adopt it, it would not work.
Changing to a mandatory fee of X BTC or X % of transaction amount would be proposed, voted on, and then implemented. Wallet developers would have to make necessary adjustments also. This is 10-20 years down the road (before reward gets low enough to consider mandatory fees), so a lot can change.
This is all based on my own thinking of how it all works, and I was wrong once before (I was 6, give me a break) so if I'm off on anything here feel free to chime in and correct me.
@_date: 2013-11-18 23:31:41
I actually spelled it like his name the first time I typed it. o_O
I don't use that word much.
@_date: 2013-11-22 21:40:29
Yeah, I'm not disagreeing with what you wrote... but in this context it may be irrelevant. There are some cases where you do give up sole ownership of your coins, i.e. in order to exchange them on a major exchange. So when coins are lost on an exchange and someone comments about not having coins on an exchange, it's an invalid argument if you were using the exchange to exchange coins and not just as an online wallet. Unfortunately, if you're actively trading you need to keep some value in an exchange because you may not want to wait up to an hour (for 6 confirmations) before you can trade the coins you sent to the exchange. It would be nice to avoid this, but at least for now the best practice is to use an exchange you trust and as we learned here, an email account you trust will be around for a while.
But I agree that you should get coins/USD out of the exchange as soon as possible and back into something you have complete control of.
@_date: 2013-11-08 06:45:10
I just wrote this to someone else considering a Monarch...
Who knows when that Monarch will ship. Bitmit recently processed a $1 million dollar order for Monarchs, so you would definitely have a line in front of you... which means a lot more hashing power coming online before you'd even get yours.
My guess is that the $1 million dollar customer was a business partner with a stake in BFL. He probably even got a great deal on them, if it wasn't a tax write-off or just a transfer of funds from within the company. Instead of giving legitimacy to an already sketchy product and production timeline, all it tells me is that it makes even less sense to order a Monarch now because I know there is at least a million dollars of orders ahead of me, all coming online ahead of me.
With BFL's first gen products you didn't know how many orders were ahead of you so you could at least be blindly optimistic. 
If anything you order now costs over 0.01BTC per Gh/s it isn't worth it, and that's if you get it before December 1st. After that you better be looking for something much cheaper. You're better off buying bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-11-09 23:09:58
It still makes no sense to order ASICs right now with the currently available selection. They simply cost too much per Gh/s.
You will never mine the number of Bitcoins that you could just purchase right now using the same amount of money... even at these prices.
Here's an example using CoinTerra's TerraMiner (available in January, so let's assume if you order now you get it by Feb 1st... an optimistic date). I chose this because it is the lowest price per Gh/s available at the moment. Some ASICs cost *way* more than $3/Gh/s. There are pre-orders ahead of you if you order now, so we'll assume you're not going to get in on any "batch 1" pre-order lists.
To add to this, I even knocked expected difficulty increases down to 100%/month... even though there is going to be a lot of new equipment that begins shipping in December or January.
TL;DR - Still not a good time to invest in mining. If you've already ordered, yes, things are looking a little bit brighter (assuming your company ships on time and has no problems)... but if you haven't ordered, I would suggest you don't at least until after Feb-Mar 2014 when you can re-evaluate.
@_date: 2013-03-05 06:46:00
Thank you for this, you are awesome. I hope one day I'm in a position to do this.
I donated $100 to Red Cross:  [
I left the transaction number visible to verify it's real. Let me know if you need any more proof. I am also sending them an email on accepting bitcoins.
Thanks again!
Edit: If this is not enough proof, I sent you two PMs. The second one (subject "Me again...") should provide what you need. Thanks.
@_date: 2013-10-07 20:45:32
We can agree to disagree. I never said it would be the optimal investment. In fact, I think I made it clear that buying BTC instead of mining equipment would result in a higher net profit. Making a sub-optimal investment that still has ROI != bad investment. It just means you could have made a better investment. Maybe we have different definitions of the word "bad."
I also made it clear you shouldn't make investment decisions based on what you hope the Bitcoin price will be, aka speculation. By your logic, any investment that isn't the best investment is a bad investment. If I invest in silver and get a 300% ROI it's a bad investment because I could have invested in gold and made 500%. This wasn't a debate over which was the better investment, it was pointing out that ROI for mining equipment in terms of USD is dependent on the price of Bitcoin when you sell.
I think you're trying to argue for the sake of arguing, and worse than someone trying to justify a poor investment is someone who argues to imply they have some sort of intellectual superiority over everyone else.
@_date: 2013-04-21 20:55:19
DoS attacks aren't an "act of god." Someone is doing them. They should take some blame for doing them. They are not unpredictable acts of nature. 
It is ridiculous to play them off as "part of the landscape." Because we don't know who they are, we should assign their blame to Mt.Gox? I'm not saying don't blame Mt.Gox for their problems... but don't blame Mt.Gox for the actions of others. Blaming the attackers may not change anything, but that doesn't mean the blame doesn't still lie with them. And as I said in the post, at best it might make the attacks a little less enjoyable for them. That's ok with me. 
@_date: 2013-09-28 18:15:01
Bitcoin-qt uses .dat files, Multibit uses .wallet and .info files.
I'd also highly recommend **exporting the private keys** so if your wallet is ever corrupted you can import them into a new wallet. This can be done from the menu in MultiBit.
I don't know if the OP was able to recover his 500 btc, but if he had exported private keys this wouldn't have been an issue: 
More info on Multibit wallet files:
@_date: 2013-10-20 19:37:04
Yes, it's as if nobody ever asks if purchasing an ASIC is a good investment or which ASIC manufacturer they should order from and I'm just spamming with irrelevant thoughts.
Thanks for adding to the discussion.
@_date: 2013-11-07 09:05:06
Forget the moon... Bitcoin is dry-humping Jupiter right now.
@_date: 2013-10-07 21:47:50
You're right, it was a bad analogy. I should have said that mining silver would be a bad investment instead of buying silver. The difference is, some people want to mine. Buying a pickaxe and shovel instead of silver does not make buying those things a bad investment if you still ROI from it. Yes, buying silver is, in most cases, a better investment... but if you want to mine you're not going to get that from just buying silver.
So I did make a bad argument, I apologize. It drifted off-topic a little. The point I was making is that ROI is dependent on Bitcoin price if you are basing ROI on USD and not Bitcoin... not which is the best investment decision. I don't see how there's even debate over that, regardless of how poorly worded my analogy was. This idea that miners "will never ROI" is wrong if you're thinking of ROI in terms of USD. Obviously not everyone is, but if you bought the equipment with USD then chances are you are. If you have a Jalapeno now that costs more to run than it mines, it is possible that it may still be profitable if the little you do mine is worth significantly more in the future when/if you decide to exchange for USD. The idea that something will never ROI when there are constantly changing variables is overused whenever anyone asks about getting into mining... even for people who state that they already understand the unlikelihood of ROI and still want to get into mining anyway. It's like many people can't understand why someone would want to do something that doesn't result in the highest profit possible. You can't put a price on the hobby/enjoyment part of it, so that gets automatically dropped from the conversation.
@_date: 2013-11-20 07:10:56
I think both hearings were positive and as good as could be expected. The first was more positive than the second. 
You can watch both hearings online:
Homeland Security (Nov 18): 
Banking committee (Nov 19): 
@_date: 2013-12-31 03:20:50
Claimed hack, balances were all messed up. users that had mined fractions of bitcoins woke up to find 50+ in their accounts. didn't matter, because nobody could withdraw. never paid back users... steer clear.
i don't need a tip... but if you want to tip, i'll suggest picking a random comment in here and tip that person.
@_date: 2013-04-22 04:30:18
It's good to see that this had little effect. After going through several DoS incidents with Mt.Gox and other exchanges during the past couple months, everyone is learning not to panic sell once they come back up. Mt.Gox dropped from $125 down to $110, then back up to $120. I wouldn't call that 200-300% profits. BTC-e didn't move much either, dropping around $10 while Mt.Gox was down but going back up as soon as everyone saw Mt.Gox wasn't diving.
The exchanges will improve, lessons will be learned by panic sellers, and hopefully this type of attack will become less and less lucrative. Then they'll have to figure out a new type of attack. 
The one on BTC-e today was creative, but BTC-e shut it down pretty quickly. Mass PMs were sent out (on BTC-e users can PM each other) containing a link to a JPG, which had javascript embedded and performed an XSS attack on BTC-e via their unsanitized News page. If you were logged into BTC-e and clicked the link, it tried to initiate transactions sending your bitcoins and litecoins to the attacker's addresses. BTC-e instituted an option to require email verification for withdrawals a couple weeks ago, but it had to be enabled by the user. By looking at the attacker's bitcoin address on Blockchain, it looks like several people may have not enabled it and lost coins. There were only 6 transactions, all from today and adding up to over $7000 in bitcoins. I didn't check the litecoin address. The bitcoin address has been tagged as 'XSS scam' on Blockchain.info.
BTC-e responded pretty quickly by disabling PMing and deleting any PMs containing the link. BTC-e has been pretty vigilant about protecting users. About a week ago they disabled links in the trollbox because malicious links were being posted. I'm confident they've fixed the hole in their news page, and will hopefully reexamine the entire site to ensure this doesn't happen again. It's a reminder to **never click on any links sent by people you don't know, even seemingly harmless JPGs**.
More information about the BTC-e scam here: 
@_date: 2013-04-12 19:09:09
Yeah but check to see how much it would cost. You would need the Vidock (or similar device), a graphics card (the more you spend, the higher the hashrate), and a power supply powerful enough to power the graphics card.
I don't know how much a Vidock would cost, but it may cost less to just find an older desktop on Craigslist or ebay. Just make sure it has a PCI-Express x16 slot for the graphics card.
If you set how much you want to spend and what hashrate you're hoping for I can tell you how I would do it.
@_date: 2013-11-21 20:57:45


I guess that during my now 18+ years writing software for Windows, I missed the news of Windows become sentient and being able to determine motive... on top of trying to figure out if a file is being encrypted or just written to.
The only way antivirus software will stop this is the same way they stop most other malware, adding signatures to definition files... something that would be *impossible* for Microsoft to do before the fact. In other words, it is not something Windows itself would prevent - file encryption has many legitimate uses too. In fact, Windows would not even be able to differentiate file encryption from other encryption.
But since this is so easy for you, perhaps you could explain how this would work to a simpleton like me. And then also share that knowledge with Symantec, Kaspersky, Malwarebytes, Microsoft, ESET, Avast, Avira, McAfee, and others. Thanks in advance.


This also isn't a Windows problem. And there are some features in Windows for this, like UAC.
@_date: 2013-09-23 05:02:13
I understand the thinking here, but these types of "marketing campaigns" are often done for nutjob and/or religious causes so it may not put Bitcoin in a good light. I know that when I personally see something stamped on a bill it isn't good thoughts I think of that particular cause. There are also some people who get incredibly furious about stamping dollar bills like this (e.g. wheresgeorge). I don't know if they think currency is sacred or that you're vandalizing something of theirs, but they are out there. It also could just be that the stamps are often ugly. Maybe if you did a black stamp that was integrated with the patterns and blank spots on the bill it wouldn't look so tacky... but then you are relying on people to apply the stamp properly.
TL;DR - Nutjobs have ruined this form of marketing for everyone.
@_date: 2013-11-04 04:17:10
I can't see this going over too well with users. Put your phone in your pocket... 10 minutes later you feel your leg burning and when you pull out your scorching phone you find that its battery is almost dead. But you made the app developer 0.0000034 btc! That should make you feel better!
At best, you could make an option to enable the mining at night while the user is sleeping and the phone is plugged in.
The marriage of bitcoin and mobile should be a platform making it easy to purchase apps with bitcoins. You can then use your PC or small ASICs to mine the bitcoins you use to pay for the app, or purchase the bitcoins with fiat of course.
Regardless of how many users you have mining for you, trying to turn mobile phones (devices we actually depend on) into bitcoin miners is a bad idea... especially now that we've reached the age of the ASIC - a chip designed from the ground up to do nothing but mine. There won't be any winners here... unless this service is charging developers. In that case, the service will profit at everyone else's expense.
Alternatively, maybe if someone can stuff an ASIC chip into a cell phone it might be worth pursuing. Otherwise I can't imagine this being worth it, even with today's mobile processors and even those in the next year or two. It will undoubtedly destroy a few smartphones, get reported on by the media, and be spun into yet another negative argument as to why bitcoin is bad by people who were too cynical to participate early on and are now bitter, and because of their pride they actually became anti-bitcoin instead of just bitcoin-agnostic.
Build a service allowing people to turn bitcoins into Google Play credits and they will come.
@_date: 2013-03-09 14:53:25
Download OpenSSL and copy the libraries/DLLs to the same folder as the python script. Also make sure you have addrgen in that folder as well. 
I don't have any Python experience but was able to solve the errors I got at first - most of them involved putting parenthesis around the text you're printing:
    Print "Running test..."
    Print ("Running test...")
I also had to do this in addrgen.py. I'm guessing it is just the way I have Python setup? I used a default install of Python 3.3. At this point I've rewritten most of it and uploaded it here:
If it were a larger reward, or if we knew that three wallets' passphrases were in the Simpson's list, I would suggest working together. Maybe we'll get a hint at the first word before the contest is over, making this more feasible. I estimate there are 125,000,000,000 possibilities for the one wallet, although I took out quite a few words from the list that I was guessing weren't used (words related specifically to the Simpson's.)
@_date: 2013-11-07 19:38:29
If it makes you feel any better, I don't *think* they're insolvent. Incompetent, yes. Suspiciously incompetent. Roger Ver [says they have money]( and provides "proof"... but he may have a vested interest in the company succeeding so I'm not guaranteeing it's true or accurate.
I think there is money in the bank, they're just finding it impossible to transfer out to USD or US banks. There is still a lot of trading going on there, so *some* people must be able to get money out - either as fiat or BTC. I'm guessing if fiat it's just in a different currency and/or not to US banks.
@_date: 2013-11-07 19:56:13
Here's what I do for Litecoin-qt: I wrote a batch file that copies my (encrypted) wallet.dat file to the Litecoin folder (AppData\Roaming\Litecoin), launches Litecoin-qt, then sits there waiting until I close Litecoin-qt - at which point it moves wallet.dat back to the original location (a temporarily-mounted TrueCrypt drive). I then dismount the drive and run another batch file to backup the TrueCrypt drive to other undisclosed locations.
So to open Litecoin-qt I just mount TrueCrypt drive and run batch file.
There are a few minor details I left out, but that's the general idea.
I think Litecoin-qt should have a step during setup where it asks you where to save your wallet.dat file to, rather than defaulting to the same place for everyone.
Also, I just upgraded Litecoin-qt and it created a new wallet.dat file since my real one wasn't in the AppData\Roaming\Litecoin folder at the time. But when I did launch it (using the batch file) the new (empty) wallet.dat was overwritten by my real one anyway.
Whatever you decide to do... have backups in case the flash drive fails. Diversify your backup mediums. I have a small collection of flash drives that no longer work for one reason or another. Some options are: flash drive, (mechanical) hard drive, DVD-RW, DropBox (or similar to protect you if your house burns down). Obviously encrypt anything you'd store in the cloud.
@_date: 2013-10-25 19:57:13
KnC is having their own problems though. While they might be alright as far as shipping on time goes, they have been having issues with hardware - the power problem, underperforming modules, firmware problems, and the fact that they ship their miners in a large cardboard box and throw in a small piece of styrofoam as if it is going to stop the machine from bouncing around in a box 1.5x its size (image posted to reddit a week or so ago I think). I've seen numerous photos of KnC miners with fans being broken or dismounted because they are so poorly packaged. Shipping on time is certainly more important than shipping in a well-packaged box (at least for ASICs)... but you have to wonder what else they're doing half-assed if they can't even spend the money on styrofoam.
My BFL miners were shipped way later than I would have liked, but they were packaged beautifully and perform as expected. I guess that's the only good thing I can say about them.
Hashfast just [announced delays](
Cointerra is [giving two different prices]( for their machines... was $5999, now being described as $13999.
BFL still isn't caught up, and their price-per-Gh/s isn't competitive.
OP if you're looking for something better... [now is not the time]( You'd be better off buying Bitcoins (or even lottery tickets). And I'm usually the one saying that if you would like to get into mining, you should do it even if you don't stand to make much profit (or even ROI). But looking at the numbers you're better off waiting until the current clusterfuck that is the current ASIC market stabilizes and difficulty gets to at least a somewhat predictable rate of ascent.
@_date: 2013-10-03 16:23:36
You think?
I bet it's just everyone cashing out to buy halloween candy.
@_date: 2013-10-20 20:59:12
Multipool.us has scrypt and sha256 pools that switch to the most profitable coin automatically.
Middlecoin.com and Hashco.ws do the same (scrypt only) and attempt to automatically exchange your coins for Bitcoin. In theory it sounds great, but in reality it's not that simple.
In both cases you're mining with the herd, which often ends up switching to an alt-coin with a low difficulty and network hashrate, causing a spike in difficulty and network hashrate. This means the coin is not most profitable for very long.
With CGWatcher you can set it to switch to most profitable or a number of other attributes when you want. This includes the ability of ranking the attribute (e.g. 2nd most profitable, 4th highest reward, etc.) to attempt to avoid the herd while still mining a more profitable coin. With the latest version, you can even create your own profitability formula to further separate you from what everyone else is mining... or if you have a formula you prefer to what CoinChoose uses to calculate profitability. More attributes will be added in the future, but you can currently use any of the ones listed on CoinChoose (price, reward, difficulty, profitability, profitability (adjusted for stales), profitability (7-day average), network hashrate, and network hashrate (24h average)) along with common mathematical functions and operators.
@_date: 2013-12-17 07:21:39
The guy with the brand new reddit account wants you to send him bitcoins. I can't see this ending badly.
@_date: 2013-04-21 21:26:41
I may have been giving you too much credit up to this point.
Network attacks are willful and predictable by the attacker. They may not be predictable to Mt.Gox, but that doesn't mean Mt.Gox is completely to blame for them. Someone is perpetuating the attacks for their own self-interest, whatever it is. You keep going to earthquakes, I'll keep going back to banks: Banks do not know when they are going to be robbed, but the robber does. They are not unpredictable acts of nature. The bank can do its best to be prepared when the robbery does occur, but does **any** of that mean the robber is not to blame for robbing the bank? Even if condemning the robber doesn't do anything, it is better than blaming the bank completely for an act **willfully perpetrated by the robber.**
It is pointless to keep arguing with you on this. It's ok, you can say you won... because I think you're going to believe that regardless. I can appreciate your dedication to dig in and keep your argument alive even when it stops making sense.
@_date: 2013-11-09 02:31:22
Also, go to Finances page. Click on Deposit BTC button. Down at the bottom where it shows the address to send to, it will also show pending transactions underneath (transactions it sees but have not reached enough confirmations).
@_date: 2013-11-08 20:22:11
People who have recently sold say this to try to convince others to sell, causing the price to plummet. That way they can not only look like a genius, but they don't have to worry about regretting they sold if the price would have went higher.
People who are not currently holding say this to try to convince others to sell, causing the price to plummet, so they have a chance to buy in.
TL;DR - don't believe anybody.
@_date: 2013-11-22 21:04:05
Uhh... if you're using an exchange to exchange coins then you need to send coins to the exchange. OP didn't say he was using BTC-e for long-term storage. This argument (which I see frequently) implies nobody should ever use an exchange, ever... not even to exchange coins. Although tormail died some time ago, I'm assuming OP has been in contact since then trying to get this resolved and isn't just now trying to get coins he's been storing on BTC-e for months. If that is the case then he should have moved the coins back to a wallet after trading... but he still needed to send them to the exchange in order to trade.
Since exchanges don't use the blockchain to transfer coins between users, they have to have ownership of the coins. If they issued some sort of credits instead, everyone would simply back out of losing trades and not send the coins.
In the future there may be alternatives (maybe there are already?) like P2P exchanges where you don't need to give up control completely to a third party, but this is how all of the major exchanges work.
@_date: 2013-11-07 08:30:33
I'm sure you're right. If you tell a criminal how they would be caught they'll know to avoid doing it.
I was more referencing the fact they tell him to try again in a few weeks. If they don't tell him what the problem was, it's not like he knows anything to correct in order for it to work right in a few weeks. I could understand if they said "you have to do this, then this, then try again in a few weeks." But since they don't/can't... the "few weeks" suggestion seems odd. I realize they're gonna tell him to try again, but why not tomorrow or the day after? I guess it's better than saying "Sorry, your transaction was canceled... don't come back!" ;)
@_date: 2013-11-07 20:06:58


You tried to withdraw from Mt.Gox = newbie mistake. There is no shortage of posts/articles/ancient scrolls reporting that Mt.Gox is having problems transferring USD and even BTC out of it (although amazingly I never see any reported problems with sending money *into* Mt.Gox!)
I'm half joking about it being a newbie mistake. Unfortunately it has gotten to the point with them that you shouldn't click a single button on that website without doing a thorough Google search to see what you can expect (or not expect) as a result of clicking it.
@_date: 2013-11-22 08:40:05
If you use Malwarebytes Anti-Malware Pro and have website blocking enabled, Bitcointalk.org's IP address was added to the block-list yesterday. If that's the case you'll need to whitelist it/add it to the ignore list.
@_date: 2013-09-26 01:48:58
...and still 100% pre-mined.
"Centralization is bad... unless we're the ones centralizing because *you can trust us*." -Ripple creators
"Come, kneel at my feet and beg me for some XRP." -Ripple creators
"1000 XRP is more than enough for a lifetime... which is why we kept 20,000,000 for ourselves." -Ripple creators
"So wait... my deadbeat friend owes you money for a transaction I didn't know about and because I'm friends with both of you I'm on the hook for his debt?!" -Ripple user
@_date: 2013-12-07 18:34:43
Thanks, that was unexpected. I appreciate it. It appears that over the past month we've seen either a sharp rise in new miners, or more of them found out about CGWatcher. I'm sure the former is true because of current prices, but it may be a little of both contributing to the increased user count.
Version 1.3.3 has 10,000+ downloads and is confirmed to be running on 13,500+ miners. Stats available here:  and  (alternative download site)
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:33:54
Also, Mt.Gox usually sets the price because it has the most buying power. It would be more likely that once Mt.Gox begins trading again, the price on other exchanges will rise back up to Mt.Gox levels. However, I don't know that for certain. It will be interesting to see what happens tonight when Mt.Gox trading resumes.
@_date: 2013-11-18 23:27:32
He was just quoted by Bloomberg as saying he had no plans to regulate it.
I'm not suggesting he's an honest guy... I don't know what his true intentions are. But to suggest that you do is ludicrous.
@_date: 2013-03-31 01:59:25
That depends on how many are doing it and at what scale. I never gave a number. But with the number of times it's been mentioned, including software/scripts that have been posted for this exact purpose, I can't imagine nobody is doing it.
@_date: 2013-10-03 03:41:42
Same way they get seized if someone hacks your online wallet... send them to another address.
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:55:17
This is the right answer. Yesterday you had a large sell, which caused the price to drop, even if slightly. The sell likely took out a lot of the highest bid orders, so the price dropping is an expected result.
Then the panic begins... "Why did the price fall so fast? Is the 'bubble' bursting? Is everyone else selling?"
So John Doe decides that bitcoin is crashing and decides to sell. However, right now there is a 3 minute lag on Mt.Gox because everyone else has decided that it is crashing as well. That means if John really wants to sell his bitcoins, he has to predict what the price will be in 3 minutes when his order actually gets processed. Well John thinks it's a crash, and even though the current price says $80, John figures it will be $70 by the time his order is processed in 3 minutes... so he creates a sell order at $70. This wouldn't be a huge problem, except that there are 100,000 other John Does doing the exact same thing. Predicting what the price will be when their order gets processed, and then going a little lower than that to make sure their coins get sold.
Selling during a 'crash' creates a self-fulfilling prophecy. You think it is crashing, and as a result, you help cause it to crash.
@_date: 2013-03-31 01:40:56
I believe it's called arbitrage, and it's been mentioned several times before. The problem with bitcoins is that it takes a while to transfer bitcoins from one exchange to another, and is almost impossible (currently) to transfer dollars from one exchange to another. This means that although one exchange is currently a dollar or two higher than another, there is no guarantee it will be that way by the time funds are transferred. There are also fees for these transfers, which could wipe out any potential profit you may have gained.
If you have enough starting capital to where you can keep large amounts of bitcoins and dollars in multiple exchanges, you could potentially profit from arbitrage. But you would ultimately need to keep the accounts somewhat balanced. I'm sure there are people doing this right now.
@_date: 2013-10-19 16:08:51
@_date: 2013-11-08 20:29:57
The only reason I even read these "Coinbase stole my money" posts any more is to see **nimblebedbug** flipping out at the bottom of the comments. ;)
I expect a "Leave Britney Alone"-style video to appear soon, with a crying **nimblebedbug** urging people to leave Coinbase alone. He's to Coinbase what pre-teen girls are to Justin Bieber.
@_date: 2013-04-17 23:10:40
I've used BitInstant several times without any problem, but I *always* deposit to a Mt.Gox account. Why anyone tries to deposit money to a bitcoin address is beyond me... you have no idea what price you're getting!
You don't need a verified Mt.Gox account to be able to deposit money via BitInstant and trade. If you don't like Mt.Gox, you can deposit the money there then send it to another address. But the BitInstant-&gt;Mt.Gox seems to have far fewer complaints than BitInstant-&gt;Bitcoin address.
Every time I've done it, I get an email notifying me that the funds have been deposited into my Mt.Gox account before I even walk out of Walmart. I only use Walmart to pay the Moneygram. Yes, Moneygram payments should be the same no matter where you go. But if you run into a problem at a 7-11, who are you going to speak to? The manager who isn't there? The cashier who probably has very little training on Moneygram payments. At Walmart I feel like if there is a problem, at least there are people available to help me solve it. I also always select CVS-&gt;Mt.Gox on BitInstant, then select Walmart when it asks to specify a location because using Walmart-&gt;Mt.Gox didn't work for me (it said there were no locations in my area on Google maps.) I don't think it really matters which location you pick anyway, but choosing CVS didn't have that problem and showed me CVS locations *and* Walmart on Google maps.
I *always* enter my Mt.Gox username on BitInstant where it asks for account number, because there is some confusion on Mt.Gox account numbers. Mt.Gox tells you that you can enter your username or account number on BitInstant.
That is my BitInstant advice...
- Always CVS -&gt; Mt.Gox
- Always Mt.Gox username instead of account number
- Always pay the Moneygram at Walmart (you need to fill out the blue Moneygram express form.
- This deposit method is limited to $500 per transaction. If you want to deposit more than $500, create multiple transactions but make the amounts $0.01 different or Moneygram will think you are trying to make duplicate payments and make you wait. Example: If you want to deposit $2000, make four BitInstant transactions: $500, $499.99, $499.98, $499.97. That way you can pay for them all at the same time.
- This deposit method isn't the cheapest, but it is fast and for me it has worked perfectly 100% of the time. (I've used it to deposit about $5000 so far.) Like I said, every time I've done it I get an email saying the funds are in Mt.Gox *before I can even walk out of Walmart.*
Once the funds are in your Mt.Gox account (again, doesn't require verified account), I can choose to buy bitcoins *when* I want at the price I want. I can then send them to my wallet or another exchange.
@_date: 2013-11-28 05:43:39
Now try to get them out.
@_date: 2013-12-04 03:34:55
Sounds like somebody missed the boat. Then missed the second boat. Then missed the third boat. So now he just sits on the dock throwing rocks at the boats.
I suggest you unsubscribe from and replace it with @_date: 2013-11-21 22:17:11
The bottom line here is that Windows is not to blame, as your post suggests. How would Linux protect files from "changes like that"? How does it know what is being changed? To it, a file is a file. It doesn't look at the original file and compare it to the changed file and say "*looks like this file is being encrypted, I better notify the user.*" You're saying Linux prompts for a root password any time any file is modified? These are not protected files, they are user files that are most likely modified often. And Windows also has file and folder permissions... it's not special to Linux. The only advantage Linux has is that most of its users are more technically-inclined, so are likely to use file permissions, less likely to download and run unknown files in the first place, and more likely to do regular backups. But whether Word modifies a document or cryptolocker modifies a document, the OS typically doesn't care... and it shouldn't... unless cryptolocker's signature has been added to a definition file telling the OS that it is malicious. Again, something Windows cannot do proactively. 
Most blame should be on cryptolocker's creator(s). Second to that would be users who download and run unknown programs. I do tech support for a lot of older people who know very little about computers, so I can empathize. But you don't put important things in a system without investing the time to learn how the system works. The same can be said of bitcoin wallets and services. People lose coins because they make mistakes... and it's unfortunate... but the user does have to invest some time in learning before trusting it with something important. Software can't recognize intent yet, so some responsibility lies on the user.
If you're driving down the road and someone smashes a car into you, destroying the briefcase you had in the back seat containing important documents. Do you blame the car manufacturer for not knowing ahead of time that this guy was going to hit you and destroy your documents for not putting a fireproof safe in the car, and reminding you every time you get in the car to put your documents in it? Do you still blame the car manufacturer even though no other car manufacturers do this either? What if the car manufacturer had a safe but you just didn't bother to learn how to use it? Do you take blame for not having backup copies of those important documents? Do you blame the asshole that smashed into you, especially knowing it was intentional?
I'm all for making software as dummy-proof as possible. I've written manufacturing software that had to be used by little old ladies who had *never* used a computer, and were now being told they must use one all day at work and cried as I taught them how it worked. Mistakes happen. Users do unexpected things. UAC was a good idea in theory, but it became so annoying that people start clicking "Yes" without even reading what they're allowing. The same would happen if Windows was to prompt you every time something was being encrypted... if it could even recognize clearly every time this happened. Then what would the argument be? Double or triple prompts? And UAC is not even related to this because again, most users store documents in non-protected "user" folders or shared folders/drives anyway, so UAC does not apply. And before you suggest UAC should apply to these folders, think about it more.
I never said the problem couldn't be solved with smarter software... one day we'll get there. You're putting an awful lot of words in my mouth. But to blame Windows for not being there already when no other OS is there now is, again, absurd. If Windows wants to add the ability to set which programs can modify certain types of files, that may help... but this isn't something Linux or OSX does either... so my point stands that this isn't a Windows problem. And there's always the chance that the malware is able to just add itself to the approved list for a given file type anyway.
And lastly, Windows is not an "old people OS". It is a +90% market share OS that has to be capable of working for everyone. If you want to take your superior technical expertise and create an OS or even an OS abstraction for old people to use that protects them from themselves, I would encourage you to do that. There is also no shortage of existing antivirus software which aims to do just that... but they apparently get no blame in your world. Or if you want to live in a somewhat-protected bubble you can buy a Mac, although even in their walled-in little garden malware still gets.
Out of curiosity, do you have software development experience? I'm not knocking you if you don't, but your arguments come off as someone who has little understanding of what it entails. It sounds great in theory, but once you start trying to work out the details it falls apart pretty quickly.
@_date: 2013-03-30 20:18:57
Nevermind. I was able to setup the transactions by selecting CVS as the deposit option on the first screen, then when I got to the map I could select Walmart.
Using Local deposit location/Walmart/More local locations on the first screen would not work.
@_date: 2013-04-16 19:47:51
Just to clarify for anyone who doesn't know...
You don't need a verified account to trade on Mt.Gox. Verification allows for more deposit and withdraw options. Ultimately you would want to be verified so you could move money easier to and from your bank account, etc.
But until you get verified, you can still deposit money and start trading. I use BitInstant to deposit money into my Mt.Gox account. On the BitInstant website, I select CVS -&gt; Mt.Gox. (If you select CVS, you will get to a step where you can specify a specific location to pay the Moneygram. There may be other Moneygram retailers besides CVS. For example, I usually select Walmart. However, selecting Walmart -&gt; Mt.Gox on the initial BitInstant page doesn't work sometimes, so I'd say to select CVS and pick a Walmart location when you get to that step. Ultimately, I don't think it matters which Moneygram merchant you go to.)
Once you select CVS -&gt; Mt.Gox, you'll see a form appear below asking for information. For the Mt.Gox account number, I always use my Mt.Gox username because I've seen issues people had with entering account numbers incorrectly.
So far I haven't had a single problem with getting money into Mt.Gox using this method. It is not the cheapest method, but it is fast. I get an email from BitInstant notifying me that the transaction is complete before I even walk out of Walmart. There are people who have had problems with BitInstant, but *most* of the time BitInstant seems to sort problems out quickly. I would not use the CVS-&gt;Bitcoin Address option on BitInstant, because I have no idea when they would actually buy the bitcoins and at what price. Sending the money to Mt.Gox instead allows me to have control over when and how much I buy them for. Also, there seems to be occasions where BitInstant is unable to deposit directly into Mt.Gox and instead emails you a Mt.Gox code. The emails are full of data and often misunderstood, but basically you locate the Mt.Gox code amongst a bunch of other data, go to Mt.Gox deposit options and select Redeem Mt.Gox code. You enter the code and click Redeem and the money should be deposited in your account. I have never had this happen - all of my emails say that they were able to deposit directly and a Mt.Gox code wasn't necessary. **Important:** If BitInstant sends you an email containing a Mt.Gox code and you need help redeeming it, **do NOT post or share the contents of the email with anyone!** I've seen posts here where unknowing people have asked for help and pasted the email contents in the post, only to have someone redeem the code on Mt.Gox themselves and essentially steal the money. You can ask for help, but it can be given without you sharing the email contents.
A thing to note: This deposit method on BitInstant is limited to $500 per transaction. This means if you want to deposit more than $500, you have to create multiple transactions and make separate Moneygram payments (each transaction will have a unique Moneygram account number.)
Last week I deposited $1500 by creating three BitInstant transactions. I printed out my three papers and went to Walmart and filled out three of the blue Moneygram Express forms. However, because all three transactions were the same amount, when I went to pay for the second one Moneygram thought it might be a duplicate payment and stopped it. I called Moneygram and was told I would need to wait 10 minutes between these payments so the system wouldn't think I was mistakenly paying for the same thing three times. Although I was told 10 minutes, it took more like 30 minutes before I could send the next payment.
Therefore, if you are going to create multiple transactions at the same time, use slightly different values for each one. For example, when I created the BitInstant transactions I should have made one for $500, one for $499.99, and one for $499.98. This way I could pay them all at the same time without the system thinking I was double paying by mistake.
So you have money in your Mt.Gox account, have traded some bitcoins, and want to cash out? I haven't reached that point yet but [FastCash4Bitcoins.com]( seems like the easiest way if you aren't verified on Mt.Gox. They pay you 97.51% of the current bitcoin price (I believe it is taken from Mt.Gox.) You setup an account and create a transaction that locks in the price, and then you send them the bitcoins you are selling. They have several payment options, including check, direct deposit, bank transfer, PayPal, and sometimes even gold or silver bullion. I haven't completed a sale with them yet so I cannot vouch for them personally, but after doing a little research it appears that they are legit and have bought a lot of bitcoins so far. The one questionable thing about their process is that once you lock in a price, you have 15 minutes to send them the bitcoins you are selling or else the transaction is cancelled and you will have to start a new one and lock in a price again. I don't know how many confirmations they require, but 15 minutes is a narrow window for receiving bitcoins. I'm guessing they can only be requiring one confirmation... but even then you should pay a transaction fee to make sure it is processed within 15 minutes.
As always, do your own research before you send **anyone** your bitcoins. Assuming you want to sell bitcoins to FastCash4Bitcoins.com, you can send them directly from your Mt.Gox account (again, I recommend paying the transaction fee.) If anyone has sold to them and can attest to them being trustworthy or not, please share. I'm not saying this is the best way to do it (as there are a lot of ways, and services, for selling bitcoins and I'm sure I don't know all of them.) This is just *a* way to do it, for anyone who didn't already know and is sitting in the Mt.Gox verification queue watching from the sidelines.
@_date: 2013-09-26 21:30:15
Why? It [gives you a psychological advantage over everyone](
@_date: 2013-04-21 19:20:41
So it's Mt.Gox's fault that they don't buy the botnet. No blame to whoever is using the botnet. Sound argument.
Comments like this are exactly why I made this post.
@_date: 2013-11-12 06:16:29
ASICs cannot be used for this.
@_date: 2013-11-08 07:11:49
Right now? Nothing.
I wrote this a few weeks ago: 
If you haven't ordered miners already, you're better off waiting until this mess gets sorted out. ASIC manufacturers are still going to have to price things competitively in terms of price-per-Gh/s compared to network difficulty six months or a year from now. As I mention in that post, let everyone else pay for the first gen devices, R&amp;D, and mistakes made along the way. In six months you'll probably get a better price-per-Gh/s compared to the difficulty than you will right now. I know difficulty is climbing and everyone wants to get in before it goes any higher (myself included)... but most of what is available right now just isn't worth it, and the stuff that is has already been pre-ordered by someone else.
@_date: 2013-11-08 07:41:23




I call B.S. Post this over in @_date: 2013-03-31 02:03:53
I haven't used it at all to be honest. I just heard about it about a week ago and thought it was an interesting idea. I've been spending money on bitcoins and mining hardware, but may try this at some point... either on the investor side or trader side... or both.
Hopefully someone who has used it can chime in and correct any mistakes I made or add some info.
@_date: 2013-10-20 19:39:58
Even if you're using 0.5W/Gh (which is lower than any current machine is listed at) you may reach this point within the next 6 months. This is if difficulty keeps at up the current pace for the next 6 months, which I think is a reasonable estimate given that most machines are set to start shipping in the next few months. Because the cost of electricity is in USD (or fiat), the price of Bitcoin (the price when you sell your mined Bitcoins) is a large factor here in determining whether or not it costs more money to run the machine than the machine earns.
@_date: 2013-11-19 01:54:27
If you're trading on Mt.Gox you should know better.
If you're trading on Mt.Gox *blindly* **during lag** you deserve to lose your money.
That exchange is horrible for Bitcoin stability. You can't make good decisions during 10+ min lag when you have no idea what the price will be when your order gets executed.
Is this Midas? Or is that still a weekend project he's working on during Minecraft breaks?
@_date: 2013-10-10 07:35:41
They had to wait for last-minute bulk order of fire extinguishers to come in so one could be included with each miner.
@_date: 2013-10-29 22:24:54
You have to remember that BFL started shipping in April. This led to a lot of people who were on the fence finally taking the leap, so I would imagine that there was a huge surge in orders sometime in April... although they also doubled the price of everything in April too so hopefully for you that countered it some. You can tell by the blog that the ship dates sent out have slowed significantly, even though they're probably still shipping roughly the same number of units out the door each day. In previous months they were covering two weeks worth of orders in one day. Now it may be down to as little as one pay date shipped every day or two.
@_date: 2013-06-18 18:28:48
My question is... 
If bitcoin mining is taxable income, does that mean my computer, GPUs, FPGAs, and ASICs would be tax write offs? (Serious question, I have no idea.)
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:37:51
Storing them in a local wallet is the safest, assuming your computer hasn't been compromised by malicious software and you take steps to keep it that way. I created an encrypted volume with TrueCrypt to store mine. In order to open my wallet I have to mount the encrypted volume.
The one downside to storing them in a local wallet is that if you decide you want to sell, you have to send them to the exchange which can take anywhere from a few minutes to an hour or more. (If you're in a hurry, always include a nice transaction fee to entice miners to process your transaction quickly.)
@_date: 2013-09-24 03:47:41
I'm sure you were also out on your soapbox months ago shouting how BFL would never ship anything. Then when they did it was on to the next "prediction", right?
The idea that BFL *needs* money from new pre-orders for current backlog orders is speculation on your part, yet that should be enough for Dwolla to drop them, right? **Your entire argument is based on pure speculation.** These are products that after design have a very high profit margin. There was recently $150,000 in PayPal refunds in a few days... did they or did they not have the money for these refunds? Did PayPal email anyone saying "Sorry, BFL is out of money"?
And as I mentioned before but will repeat again so no thought is required on your part: even if some of the money from new pre-orders *does* go to pay for current backlog orders directly (parts, assembly) or indirectly (production equipment, employees, foundry time)... so? As long as they ship orders, who cares when they spent which money? Like all businesses their goal is to be profitable, so if they spend some money from future pre-orders on orders they have now it may cut into their future profits... but it doesn't mean they will not deliver on future orders. You're assuming they are completely broke with no evidence supporting it. They are delivering on all current orders (albeit late, which I acknowledged several times) and while I'm not guaranteeing future orders will be on time either, there is no reason to think they won't follow through on delivering them. 
When you have BFL's books, then feel free to respond and tell me how wrong I am. Until then, as you mentioned you need to STFU... at least when it comes to trying to interfere with them being able to do business and accept payments (especially when, again, *it does not affect you whatsoever*.) As pissed as I am about not getting my ASICs yet, it takes a special kind of idiot to have me defending BFL to this extent.
I'll keep an eye out for the press release...
*"We stopped accepting payments for BFL products because cfbilly just doesn't trust them."* -Dwolla
*"Ponzi, pon-ponzi, ponzi, ponzi, ponzi-ponzi, ponzi."* -cfbilly
@_date: 2013-11-07 05:43:24
The weakness is fees going up due to unprofitable miners? 
I think USD (or other fiat currency) price would go up before fees, although I could be wrong. I'd assume an increase in transactions and a decrease in reward over the next several years will ultimately be the driving forces behind fees increasing.
I don't want to get into the argument over whether you should look at BTC or USD when determining if your miner will ROI... but I would imagine miners who are sure they won't recover BTC spent will put a USD value on their miner's cost, calculate how many BTC it can mine, and use that to base what price they should sell at.
Because of the recent influx of unprofitable ASICs, it should (again, in theory) cause miners to hold out for higher prices before selling. Not that it always happens... and certainly not that the current price is caused only by that. It may have helped get things started, but speculators has taken over.
@_date: 2013-10-26 22:44:36




*Coming this summer to an adult website near you:* 
Alexis Ohanian stars in... 
**Up the Butt-Vote**
A sequel to 
**Going Down-Vote**
^( ^ok ^even ^typing ^that ^was ^gross... ^I ^just ^thought ^it ^was ^funny ^you ^grouped ^him ^in ^there)
@_date: 2013-04-12 18:35:07
You won't get 200Mh/s with that. You're lucky you're getting 30. I have a 6410 that gets 18. If you have the money to spend, look into FPGAs or even a [Vidock + discrete card + PSU]( both both will be expensive. 
I wouldn't recommend mining on a laptop though because most do not have adequate cooling to be running the GPU at 100% 24/7 and you may ultimately kill your GPU. If your laptop doesn't have a removable/replaceable graphics card, you would have to replace the motherboard if the GPU died.
Edit: added vidock link
@_date: 2013-09-22 19:36:39
why do a 7 day auction for something that essentially loses value daily and most bids don't happen til the last few hours anyway?
and yes, i know difficulty doesn't change daily and i don't know when the next change should occur, but if it occurs in 4 days anyone trying to calculate roi (or lack thereof) the last three days of your auction would get a worse number than the first three days. maybe this is something you've already looked into, but i'd think the sooner you sell it the better for both sides.
edit: this is assuming you're not currently mining with it since it's listed as brand new.
@_date: 2013-10-05 20:51:44
I understand wanting to show appreciation to the people that gambled on you actually to be a legitimate asic company...
but is this really good for bitcoin? We'll give the people who already have a lot of hashing power the chance to buy a lot more hashing power before everyone else gets a chance. And that includes the possibility that batch 3 gets sold out completely to previous customers.
I know HashFast isn't the only one that does this... but it's a stupid idea. I thought the community was in agreement that the more distributed mining is, the better. 
This also encourages people to take risks with new asic companies that may not be legitimate because everyone sees that you have to get in on the first batch or you may lose the chance to buy one in the future.
Disclaimer: I do not have plans of buying from HashFast, so this isn't motivated by me just wanting to get something sooner.
@_date: 2013-04-01 06:36:10
The fact it can be used for tax evasion or money laundering helps raise is a pro, not a con. There would be people/groups/companies with large amounts of money who quickly purchase bitcoins at or above market prices, unlike the rest of us that wait for a $.50 dip. I don't care what they're doing with them after they buy them, just as long as they don't stop buying them.
@_date: 2013-04-10 01:52:47
FastCash4Bitcoins.com has several payout options, including PayPal. They pay 2.49% below current Mt.Gox value.
I haven't used them personally yet because I haven't cashed out. Do a little research before you trust them with anything. I'd also recommend trying to pay out as little as possible to make sure everything goes through without incident.
The one thing I am concerned with is after you lock in a price, you have 15 minutes to deposit your bitcoins before the price is no longer locked in. I rarely see a confirmed transaction processed in less than 15 minutes. And I don't know how many confirmations they require before they pay out. But they claim to have purchased over 250,000 bitcoins so far so it shouldn't be too hard to find reviews or reports of fraud (if there are any.)
@_date: 2013-08-26 21:51:58
Isn't the Federal Reserve a private central bank? (serious question, I admit I'm no expert on the subject.) They call it the Federal Reserve to imply that it's part of the government, but it is essentially a private bank that has the power to issue money and on top of that, we get to pay interest on that money, right? I know the government appoints the chairman, but that doesn't make it a government agency. And the same people behind the Federal Reserve have pushed this type of banking into other countries, so those governments don't print their own currency either. It is essentially outsourced to a bank, and at a cost.
If I'm incorrect here, please correct me because I really want to know, and this is how I understand it as of now.
@_date: 2013-04-18 20:47:10
Thanks, this made it a lot clearer. I think I initially looked at the properties file but I knew even less about bitcoin when I first installed it so I was hesitant to make any changes to Multibit files. The program I wrote was a simple one but I figured at least I knew exactly what it was doing so if something screwed up I could manually fix it if necessary. But after reading your reply I see that I was sort of reinventing the wheel. I think the best solution for me is the portable version and putting it all in a truecrypt volume. Then I can just backup the volume file to another drive.
@_date: 2013-11-23 04:53:03
Imagine the money they would be holding right now if they had accepted bitcoin from the beginning and held. I would guess hundreds of thousands of dollars since many of these would have came back when bitcoin was &lt;$100 so a donation of 0.5 BTC or more would not be uncommon. They're not accepting it anyway, so it's not like they'd miss it. Sure, there is a small percentage of bitcoin users that donate using a different method once they find out they can't use bitcoin... and if you want to donate it shouldn't be conditional... but i'm guessing most don't and just figure "they'll accept it eventually, so I'll just donate then."
@_date: 2013-04-01 05:59:52
Not April Fools (they acknowledged this specifically.) They linked to his pool data: 
It looks like he is using a 30GH Little Single and getting ~25Gh/s. BFL has also stated that they will honor the 1000BTC donation (no charities specified yet) for having shipped by April 1st.
@_date: 2013-11-07 06:25:52


It is odd that they tell you you're high risk, don't tell you why you're high risk, then tell you to try again in a few weeks as if you *might* not be high risk in a few weeks... like maybe the risk assessment software will be in a better mood then.
I guess the risk of losing customers is better than the guarantee of losing money from a locked in price.
@_date: 2013-11-21 21:23:45
It's not a Windows problem in that no computer manufacturer asks you what your skill level is when you buy your PC in order to customize it for you in terms of protection. So your "blame Windows" campaign doesn't apply here... in that case you'd have to blame Linux and OSX, or the hardware manufacturers. I was just suggesting that Windows, as much as anyone, has taken steps to implement a skill-level control for modifying protected files and directories (which cryptolocker does not target anyway, as most of the time documents are not stored in protected directories).
You're suggesting that Microsoft should have known back in XP, Vista, 7, and 8 that this type of malware would exist in the future and they should prepare for it by proactively blocking *all* encryption (which would be the case given your "solution"). Does Linux or OSX prompt you before encryption is used? Before going to an https:// website do you have to click OK that it is alright to encrypt your https request? What about custom encryption libraries that Windows would then need a signature for, as with all antivirus software would? How does Windows know data is being encrypted in that case?
Your argument is absurd. Blaming Windows is just as dumb as blaming Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:42:18
You were mining with your computer, as in GPU mining? If so, unless you've been mining with 50BTC since their first day and have never cashed out, you are seeing an incorrect balance as many other people were in that time period. Search reddit and you'll see people with &lt; 0.01 balances wake up to 40 or 50+ BTC balances the next day. Not that it mattered since they couldn't withdraw them anyway.


Unless you have a building full of ASICs, your balance from pool mining would not just jump up like that in one day. Maybe I'm just misunderstanding you and you already know this, but pool mining is essentially you working with a bunch of other miners with the agreement that when one of you finds a block, it gets split with everyone. The result is that everyone gets small payouts frequently instead of one large payment rarely, or in many cases, never. It is not something you can "strike" and get lucky one day. The pool may have a lucky day, but you are still just a small percentage of the pool. And even the pool having the luckiest day ever would not result in a 15 BTC jump in one day for most miners (the exception maybe being very large miners with a very large percentage of the pool already mining several hundred BTC/day).
You would need 15-20 Th/s to have a shot at 18.4 BTC in one day from pool mining on October 29.
Edit: others - 
@_date: 2013-12-30 19:26:23
But while we're at it... we could just destroy bitcoin! That'll show those FBI guys! I can't see any flaws in my logic.
@_date: 2013-11-07 04:25:24
Debt? We would just put it all on Ripple. ;)
@_date: 2013-03-31 01:18:13
The idea is that if the OP adds bitcoins to the wallet in the future forgetting that someone had previously used it, they may find that whoever used it first is still watching it... waiting for the right time to send those coins elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-11-22 20:32:16
Go to Finances page, click on BTC Deposit button, scroll down to where it shows your deposit address. Under the deposit address it should show any pending transactions (including unconfirmed) and how many confirmations they have. They require 6 confirmations before the coins show up in your account.
@_date: 2013-11-09 02:24:55
I wrote a response but it said "Your response contains words commonly used in spam and will not be submitted until it has been approved by a moderator."
It seems Ken is picking and choosing which comments get displayed. 
@_date: 2013-09-26 03:32:11
I'm showing average block times over the past week is 6.8 minutes.
@_date: 2013-11-21 20:13:11
It's just a matter of time. Politicians will take money any way they can get it.
@_date: 2013-12-18 22:41:37
I feel the same way about baseball cards.
The difference is I don't go to baseball card shows and tell everyone they're retarded, because I'm not a douche. Or maybe I'm smart enough to realize that there are people who value them and it's just something we can agree to disagree on. I'm in no position to tell them what to value.
And to be clear, I'm not condoning people putting more money than they can afford to into bitcoin. The word 'significant' is subjective here, but my guess based on the three sentences you wrote would be that anyone putting more than $500 into bitcoins is "retarded", right? 
Many people did not put a lot of money into bitcoin, but what they did put in is now worth significantly more. So while those people may be worried about *that* losing value, it doesn't mean they've mortgaged their house and sold the dog to get there.
@_date: 2013-11-08 06:39:16
*only*? for how long?
With 1Gh/s you'd only mine 0.03 BTC/month (even with the high price right now, that's $9.35)... and that's if difficulty didn't increase (which it does... a lot).
@_date: 2013-12-31 05:32:27
I can see it now - a meeting of banking and government leaders held in a undisclosed location to discuss bitcoin and how to kill it. The discussion goes on for hours with little progress, and ultimately all parties give in and decide they need to pull out the secret weapon - some guy on reddit.
You better keep an eye on your inbox... they should be getting in touch with you any day now.
@_date: 2013-03-31 01:14:52
Have you looked at [BTCJam](
Investors can loan dollars or bitcoins to traders at rates and durations they specify.
Traders can find an investor's offer they like, and the two agree to the terms and the funds are transferred.
The catch is that traders need to have collateral in their account to protect the investor against losses. For example, if a trader puts $50 in their account as collateral, and borrows enough money to buy 10 bitcoins... they have enough collateral that if bitcoins should lose $5 in value each, the BTCJam system will automatically end the investment, sell the bitcoins at the current price and return the money to the investor. But what about the $50 loss the investor has taken since the price of bitcoins fell? That $50 collateral from the trader is sent to the investor to cover that.
So for investors it's pretty safe provided there are no technical glitches that prevent a deal from being ended. The trader takes the risk, but also can gain a nice profit if bitcoin prices rise during the investment's duration. At most, the trader will lose their collateral amount.
If the price of bitcoin goes up during the investment duration, the investor gets a percentage of the profit. Say, for example, the investor defined the terms as 10% interest and a one month duration. If the price goes down to the trader's collateral threshold, the system automatically sells to prevent the investor from losing. If the price of bitcoins goes up during that month, at the end of the month the trader pays back the investor + 10% interest and keeps the rest.
There may be other details I've left out, but that's the general idea. The two sides may be able to end the investment before it's duration is up, but I'm not entirely sure.
@_date: 2013-12-31 04:37:07
You may also end up losing out on that first block if someone else solves it before you solve the second block or release the first block to the network for confirmation.
@_date: 2013-08-26 20:37:12
The video may have a "tinfoil hat" tone, but the point is that private central banks have too much power. Even though bitcoin will never replace fiat currency, it provides an alternative in a situation where every little bit helps.
@_date: 2013-11-28 05:35:54
Spending right now is way better for the seller than the buyer. Chances are that both the buyer and seller believe it Bitcoin's long-term success, so if you're selling something in Bitcoin you should consider giving a significant discount (in terms of USD value) because chances are that bitcoin will be worth much more if/when you exchange it for USD.
It is a currency, but it still hasn't found its value (in terms of fiat exchange rates) because awareness and adoption are still growing exponentially. Once most people are aware of Bitcoin and those who will accept it are accepting it, we should see some stability.
@_date: 2013-11-07 08:54:30
I just registered to post above him. I know it's obvious to people familiar with bitcoin... but it's very possible someone just starting out could fall for it - it has happened plenty of times in the past.
Thanks for pointing it out.
@_date: 2013-11-06 07:26:51
According to all of his rewards offered, he is giving away a total of 800% of generated coins to investors.
That is awfully kind of him to match mining revenue 8:1 out of his own pocket! Hopefully he will also give himself some money out of his own pocket so he can profit too!
I wouldn't let this guy work the TV remote... let alone run a MaaS operation.
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:41:54
You can't think of the two coins as different dollar denominations.
If anything you can compare them to gold and silver. Having more silver doesn't mean gold becomes less valuable. Gold and silver are both precious metals, aside from that they are different. Bitcoins and litecoins are both crypto-currencies, aside from that they are different.
@_date: 2013-11-28 07:14:49
It is a problem, but I don't think the fact that it's deflationary is driving the volatility at the moment. I think it's more due to increased awareness, increased adoption by businesses, and recent gains which obviously makes people who were previously sitting on the fence watching finally jump in. I believe we will still get to a stable price at some point, although it should gradually rise over time because of deflation... theoretically. Something similar to gold, where I can buy goods or services with it and not worry that its USD value will double the next day.
I don't think most people will follow my advice... it's as much a gamble that the price is going to go down as it is going up. But I think long-term it's safe to say the price will increase, so if you can afford to hold off on exchanging to USD for a while, why not give a discount? It also helps promote using Bitcoin in general, because people will see that they can get something for less money buy using Bitcoin. People who don't use Bitcoin will find themselves asking "I can buy something for '$50 USD' or for '$30 USD worth of Bitcoin?'"
I plan to put my money where my mouth is, and have a few projects in development where I can try this. At the very least it will be an interesting experiment. I also plan on doing this retroactively for people who have donated in order to test my mining software (specifically, CGRemote). For many, their $10 donations are now $100 donations, so I'll consider the current price when it comes time to offer them free or discounted software. I know it was $10 at the time they donated, and there was some risk holding, so in that case maybe I'll meet in the middle and consider it a $50 donation.
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:03:26
It can mine sha256-based alt-coins like PPC or TRC. It can also merge-mine NMC if mining BTC.
Not that this makes the situation any better. You could perhaps mine TRC and hope it gets resuscitated by some miracle and becomes worth something one day.
If you're feeling lucky... *really, really lucky*... you could also solo-mine BTC and hope you find the needle in a earth-sized haystack and find a block. 
@_date: 2013-11-06 04:46:53
How dare you interrupt the incessant posts about the new high BTC price with your problem!
On a serious note though, yeah this happens to a lot of people. It is more likely coincidence that the price has risen so much... many people report this happening even if the price hasn't changed. You can contact them and with some convincing I guess you can be placed on a whitelist where this won't happen again (or maybe not as often.) The Coinbase automated fraud risk assessment tool is a nazi*.
^*Not ^a ^real ^nazi.
@_date: 2013-11-09 00:36:07
Why not just post your question and see if someone helps you for free?
Then if you wish you can always tip them some BTC.
@_date: 2013-12-22 00:12:05
They're always sleeping... at least according to how many times throughout the day I hear "China's waking up!" They must nap a lot.
@_date: 2013-03-24 04:12:50
Thanks man, good luck
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:28:36
I just did a bitinstant cvs to Mt. Gox deposit an hour ago. That's the only method I've used. It may not be the cheapest, but it's easy and fast. I get my email notification that the transaction is complete before I walk out of Walmart. (I still select cvs although I pay at Walmart because selecting Walmart doesn't work sometimes. If you select cvs you can still pick Walmart as the deposit location when you get to that step.) 
@_date: 2013-11-04 23:48:56
Do you also go to the movie theater and bitch that they're still playing movies *you've* already seen?
Relax, OP is likely just trying to be helpful. This is one of the few situations where we should not bitch about reposts because we'd want everyone to see it as soon as possible. More annoying than the reposts are people bitching about reposts... and people bitching about people bitching about reposts ;)
I posted something about this in  and got one response saying it had already been discussed (although I did not see it when I scrolled up through the log before posting it) as if it was no longer worth mentioning. It's like a goddamn highschool where people feel superior if they know about something before other people, and can't be bothered to see it again. Are the duplicate posts taking up too many pixels on your screen? If it's taking too much time out of your day to re-read then you definitely shouldn't be wasting time posting a comment bitching about it. And looking at your recent comment history you seem to have a **lot** of time to bitch about reposts. I'm probably troll-feeding here, but it appears you have a less-than-healthy reaction to reposts. Maybe you should spend a day or two away from reddit. Or have you failed at getting positive karma so rebel by trying to achieve the most negative karma you can? If so, you should be very proud.
Just ignore it and move along. It may be news to someone else.
@_date: 2013-11-05 22:10:54
My prediction:
Anyone who sells BTC because they think it's at the peak of a bubble comes to reddit and tries to convince others it will happen, which will in turn would help it to happen, so they don't regret the decision later.
@_date: 2013-11-05 07:20:31
One reason someone would move that much at once is if they're stealing it: 
@_date: 2013-11-19 01:59:20
Nah, Mt.Gox proves you can keep using the same Pentium II box that you've been using for the past couple years and people will continue to use your service anyway.
@_date: 2013-10-20 20:51:35
So you call me Capt. Obvious at the same time you say what I wrote is wrong. Those contradict each other. Please, enlighten us with your knowledge of where the profitable ASICs are right now.
@_date: 2013-04-21 21:53:32
My post is referring to DoS attacks, which have been a problem for pools and exchanges... including exchanges that are not Mt.Gox.
Yes, Mt.Gox has problems it needs to fix where it often cannot handle trade volume even when there isn't a DoS attack. And the blame for that lies with Mt.Gox, although those who flood the exchange with tiny trades in an attempt to manipulate the market should at least be called assholes. But that is not what this post was about. [Mt.Gox has reported last night/today's incident to be a "strong DDos"]( I don't have reason to rebut that, because normally when trading volume gets too high, lag increases but the site doesn't shut down and give ngix errors and API not found errors. Even when Mt.Gox purposely shut it down, it was because lag was to a point where they themselves were manipulating the market. (They also had planned to shutdown that day to add servers, but only for 2 hours.) 
So whether this particular incident was caused by DoS attacks is irrelevant as we've seen DoS attacks on other exchanges and pools. They are happening. And when they happen to Mt.Gox (which is obviously the biggest target), everyone starts bitching about Mt.Gox with virtually nobody bitching about the attacker. I realize it's more fun to have someone to point the finger at, and bitching about the attacker likely won't change anything. But I don't think Mt.Gox deserves *complete* blame in these situations. For every 10 posts bitching about Mt.Gox being down, maybe we should have 1 calling the attacker a stupid-head. Those who don't understand DoS attacks just see that "it's all Mt.Gox's fault", and go on repeating it.
Anyway, I get what you're saying and not disagreeing with you. But my post was referring to DoS attacks specifically, not problems with the trading platform itself (which are Mt.Gox's problem.) But I believe they are and have been working on improving their trading engine... just not as quickly as we would all like.
@_date: 2013-11-09 00:16:37
I've also been saying this. This, along with the fact that awareness is increasing - meaning more people want to participate causing demand to outpace supply (newly-mined bitcoins) - should be the reasons that we're seeing the current price increase. Miners do not want to sell their coins for less than it costs to mine them... and with the ASICs currently available, mining has become very expensive in terms of cost-per-coin.
So although I don't think this is a pure speculation "bubble"... many other people due and it is still susceptible to a panic sell-off if there is a sudden and significant price drop. Hopefully there are enough people that don't panic to prevent this, and there are good signs that when there have been a few consecutive red candles it rebounds pretty quickly... meaning most of us have learned from the days of old (some, the hard way) where any dip in price meant panic selling and Mt.Gox lag (which led to more panic selling.)
I think we're in good shape right now, but I could obviously be completely wrong. The bottom line is I don't think Bitcoin is necessarily "over-valued" and only in a speculative bubble right now (although speculation is always part of it). Here's to hoping a large enough whale doesn't decide to sell all at once and get the ball rolling on a panic dump.
@_date: 2013-11-07 19:58:39
My phone woke me up 4 times last night. The scary thing is when I'm in sleep mode (half asleep) I tend to NGAF about anything except for going back to sleep. It was a challenge to care about BTC prices in those moments, which I'd obviously regret in the morning if I ignored.
@_date: 2013-04-21 20:27:19
I agree that depending too much on one exchange is bad, but that isn't Mt.Gox's fault. That will only change when people start using other exchanges. Mt.Gox is the biggest so people may feel safer with them. I know for me there deposit options are why I use them. I've had no problems with BitInstant-&gt;Mt.Gox so I keep using it rather than taking my chances with something else. But I then move bitcoins to other exchanges from Mt.Gox to trade other crypto-coins. 
CloudFlare may seem more effective for Bitstamp than Mt.Gox because Mt.Gox is attacked more, or more heavily. More resources may be put towards Mt.Gox attacks because it is the largest exchange. I can't say this for sure, but it is a possibility.
And I don't think Mt.Gox would take the site offline to incite panic trading. The increased trades may not make up for the trades they lost when they were down, and ultimately people would get sick of them going down frequently and start trading elsewhere. It is not a good business decision.
@_date: 2013-04-01 14:59:26
Buy Litecoins. I know, I know... Litecoin and Bitcoin are arch enemies in some people's eyes. But if you missed your chance to get in on Bitcoin while they were cheap... Litecoin is only at ~$1.50 right now. I bought 1000 yesterday at $.87 and have almost doubled my money.
Plus, as the ASICs come and people find themselves with tons of high-performance graphics cards that are no longer profitable for Bitcoin mining... I think many will turn to Litecoin mining since it can be done now with GPUs. 
Right or wrong, I like to think of Litecoins as silver to Bitcoin's gold. There is enough room for both, and I still own Bitcoins and watch constantly for buying or selling opportunities. But a $.50 rise in Bitcoin means very little to me, where a $.50 rise in Litecoin means $500.
Disclaimer: I've only been following Litecoins the past couple days so I can't say it won't have bubbles and crashes... and won't regret buying even if it happens. I don't know what is driving the price up but I'm guessing people who don't have enough to buy large amounts of Bitcoins are doing the same thing I am. Ultimately, if they make it up to $10 one day I'll be thrilled. Hell even at a few dollars and I'll be happy. The risk/reward is better than Bitcoin right now.
TL;DR - Diversify, at least look into Litecoins before you miss that boat too.
@_date: 2013-11-28 06:11:48
It wasn't a completely serious comment. I just read a post today that you needed a verified account to withdraw even BTC from Mt.Gox. Maybe OP is already verified, and maybe getting verified isn't as long of a wait as it was last time I looked into it. But it's still not as simple as an exchange that lets you move BTC in and out without sending photo IDs and utility bills.
@_date: 2013-10-07 22:01:35
I agree, but I wasn't replying to the OP. I was replying to a comment. 
No hard feelings. ;)
@_date: 2013-04-15 18:50:55
This reminds me of another currency used to skirt government regulations of guns and drugs, called "cash."
On the downside, things like this may increase the probability of intrusive government regulations on virtual currencies, or bitcoin specifically.
On the upside, as long as bad people with lots of money have a use for bitcoin (or other crypto-currencies) there will always be value in them... reducing the risk that it all collapses and becomes completely worthless. The same can be said of miners who invest thousands of dollars into mining equipment. They have invested money in order to receive their bitcoins, meaning they won't just give them away. This also helps ensure value.
Guns and drugs creates a double-edged sword. One one hand, you want to keep this information quiet as to not draw attention from the government. On the other hand, you want to shout from the rooftops "Hey criminals, use bitcoins to purchase your drugs and weapons, launder money, and move money around the world for free! No more briefcases filled with cash!" 
Hopefully bitcoin can walk the fine line in between. After all, we don't destroy cash just because criminals use it. Let's not punish the many for the crimes of the few, and all that.
@_date: 2013-10-20 21:04:35
No, and I'm not bashing ASIC manufacturers. I'm just saying right now is not a good time to invest in an ASIC. As I mentioned elsewhere, if you order now your helping to pay for startup costs and learning-on-the-fly for a lot of these companies. I think it's better to wait until 1) network hashrate levels off (at least compared to what it's been doing), and 2) the companies are more established and have worked out the kinks in their development processes. This should allow you to get a lower cost-per-Gh/s because you're (theoretically) paying for the design and development of the product your buying and some operating costs, not for startup costs or mistakes made along the way. The prices-per-Gh/s right now are too high given the recent (and expected) increases in difficulty.
@_date: 2013-09-24 06:10:46
It's like the "old prescription drug drop-off" of Bitcoin. The only thing missing is an additional fee to properly dispose of your Bitcoins for you.
@_date: 2013-10-20 19:35:01


Which is $14/Gh/s. Hashfast is listed on TGB ranging from $7.90/Gh/s (Sierra Batch 2) to $14/Gh/s (Baby Jet). I mentioned in the OP that the calculations did not account for any miner protection plans.
@_date: 2013-11-14 20:32:10
What did you base that calculation on?? Do you know what miner he has? Do you know that not all miners hash at the same speed?
According to the comment below, he has a 60Gh/s Single... which at the moment mines ~0.06 BTC/day (or about $25/day at current prices).
Just because the miners available to order *today* are unlikely to ROI based on current prices doesn't mean miners that were ordered several months ago are in the same position (although some certainly are). Not everyone mining right now is doing so at a loss. It depends on what you paid and when you got it. But if you *aren't* mining right now, I'd definitely advise to hold off on ordering anything in the next 6 months.
Anyway, I don't want to get into an argument over profitability and ROI, or to speculate on whether or not the OP will see positive ROI. That isn't what the post is asking. I'm just pointing out that you should not comment on things you have no clue about just because it gives you a brief feeling of superior intellect over someone else. Your calculation is so far off that you either have no idea what you're talking about or you're just being a dick. Looking at your comment history, I'll assume both.