@_author: mimeyboobs
@_date: 2013-11-21 20:56:29
Say Ulbricht is convicted and the US keeps it. Wouldnt govt ownership of so much BTC drive down its value? Isnt the whole point of BTC freedom from govt manipulated currencies?
*Just seeking answers. Still interested.
@_date: 2013-11-22 19:39:59
That's what Im getting at by "value". It has already crashed several times. What throws me off is that it behaves like a stock rather than a currency. Its so volatile towards the slightest sensation. I know its still in infancy but there's nothing to make its value stable or concrete. Here is a comment on a forbes article that puts into words what I mean:
One other significant issue with bitcoin is that its value and use is completely arbitrary. You hit on this issue when you mention that the US requires tax payments in dollars. US law actually takes it much further than this. All creditors must legally accept US dollars in cash as a payment for debt. Your credit card company could ask for payment in bitcoins, and you could pay with that if you wanted. If you wanted to pay in US dollars they have no choice but to accept that as well even if they only wanted bitcoins. This does not apply to purchases, only debts, but it is an important distinction. If the value of a bitcoin fluctuates as investors pull in and out of the market it is possible that no legitimate businesses would be willing to accept payment in bitcoins. It could end up as an investment vehicle that only has buying power when you cash out of it into a fiat currency. If that were to happen what is it you would actually be investing in? At least with the US dollar you know that it cannot be legally refused for payment of debt. This concept is the reason the dollar held value after it was decoupled from the gold standard. Bitcoin has no legally binding use requirements or defined value. In this way bitcoin is much more like a virtual collectible than a currency. It is only worth what someone is willing to accept for it as a collectible, and there is nothing to actually collect or hold on to since it is virtual."
@_date: 2013-11-21 23:16:25
I thought it was created to rival fiat. So what creates the faith in BTC? What may happen if it becomes regulated or largely owned by the fed? Wouldnt faith in it dissolve? If it fluctuates like a stock, wouldnt it be more prone to crash and put off would-be investors after a time? 