@_author: mindnugget
@_date: 2017-12-11 08:21:26
There are a lot of questions in this thread, if anyone is interested in the technical details of how the LN works I've made an easy-to-understand video series on exactly that! It answers all the questions in this thread, and probably a few more. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 18:39:53
You don't really need to know the details of the LN to be able to use it, your wallet would take care of that. But most people can't understand how it can be trustless without directly using the blockchain for every transaction, and they are skeptical if it will really work. These videos tries to explain that as simply as possible, but it's still not an "easy" technology to understand. 
The parties you open channels with will in turn have channels to other parties and can relay your transactions through themselves to that other party in a trustless and fast way. So you might pay Starbucks, that in turn pays Walmart that in turn pays that one guy you wanted to buy a TV from. And it all happens instantly as long as all wallets are online. So technically you wouldn't need channels open with everyone you want to transact to. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 18:48:12
Yes the videos explain it, but I can give a quick explanation as well :)
When you open a channel with X amounts of bitcoins, you move those bitcoins to a multi-signature address that is controlled by you and the party at the other end of the channel. This is needed to open a channel. This means that you can't spend your bitcoins however you want, since you need the signature of the other party as well. Inside the channel you then create a couple of signed transactions between you and the other party in a trustless way such that no one can "cheat" in the channel. To be able to spend your bitcoins outside of the channel you would first need to close the channel which would return the final balance to your personal address, and then you can spend it freely. 
The videos basically explain how the trustless transactions in the channel are created. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 20:03:55
The first transactions that move bitcoins to the multi-signature address is always broadcast to the network and mined into the blockchain. After that you basically just exchange transactions directly to the other party without broadcasting anything. And to close the channel you broadcast the latest transaction that you got from the other party and let it be mined into the blockchain. So you will always "announce" to everyone that you started a channel, and then announce to everyone that you closed the channel, but all transactions in between are never announced. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 18:54:56
Absolutely, you can have as many transactions as you want, and it wont affect the performance in any way. Every time a new transaction is created the old transactions are invalidated and in practice your wallet would erase all memory of them. This is because if an old transaction is broadcast, the other party would be able to take all of your bitcoins in the channel. So it doesn't make sense for your wallet to keep them, since they would never be used anyway (unless you feel like losing money). 
No problem, I don't really mention any practical applications in my videos, I might create a new one with some examples of applications sometime in the future :)
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:13:38
Sounds great! Sadly I haven't tried setting up a lightning node so I can't say I know much about that. Also, keep in mind that these videos are slightly simplified to make it easier to understand. The real LN implementation is a bit more complicated because of how bitcoin works. For example the "secret" in these videos is heavily simplified, and they are replaced by certain special transactions in the real LN implementation, but the actual function is the same. I highly recommend reading the LN paper if you want to dig into the details, it's quite well written in my opinion. It can be found on  
Other than that I wish you good luck :)
@_date: 2017-12-12 11:12:50
Yes sorry, I made some changes to it and had to re-upload it. It has now been split into three parts that completely explains the lightning network. First part can be found here:  and the rest should be in the sidebar. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 08:34:37
Your wallet will only hold the latest transaction in a channel, as all previous transactions are made invalid when you create a new one. Your wallet would actually destroy the previous transactions for safety, since broadcasting an old transaction would mean that you lose all your bitcoins in the channel. 
Once a channel is closed it is forever closed and can not be used again, you would have to open a new one if you want to keep transacting with that party. If you're only going to pay for something once and then never pay that party again you would not use the LN since you would need at least two transactions to open and close the LN channel, instead of just one transaction to pay someone directly. More realistically you would probably have a channel to a party that in turn has channels open with Starbucks, Walmart, Amazon etc. In that way you would only have ONE channel, but could still pay many different parties using that channel. 
If you want the technical details I've made a video series explaining them in a simple way with animations. I don't want to spam the link so you can find it a bit further down in this thread, or in my user profile here on Reddit. 
@_date: 2017-11-02 16:23:43
I got great feedback from my last video I posted here, and now I'm back with an updated version! The first part gives an overview of the LN, the second part explains the bidirectional channel, and the last part explains how the channel is extended to form the network. 
If you find these videos helpful, please share them to anyone else that might like them too! I would also be happy to hear any feedback you have. Thanks!
(Also, if you use Steemit, consider giving me an upvote here: 
@_date: 2017-10-02 08:15:42
Correct! If enough people start using LN then the idea is that you can reach anyone else in a finite number of "hops" between channels. So you build these chains of multiple people using their channels to move coins between two people that don't have a direct channel between them. And it's all done without any mining fees, and without waiting for block confirmations since the blockchain is not used at all. Exactly how the network will work is hard to say, some talk about "hub-and-spokes" meaning that there might be a few nodes that have a lot of channels open to many people. They might also take some fee for using their channel. 
Hah, yeah that Simpson's scene was accurate. I got a bit of tunnel vision when making this video, but I learned a lot and will be creating a video covering the purpose of the LN as well!
@_date: 2017-10-01 15:29:04
You're right. Initially I wanted to cover everything about the LN in one video, but it got a bit too long. So I decided to do this video first as an explanation of the payment channels and then do another one explaining how it can be used with multiple channels between many people and across different blockchains. I missed to explain that this is the first part and not a complete explanation of the Lightning Network, I will fix it and re-upload it when I upload the next part. I'll edit the description and the title for now.
Thank you for the feedback!
@_date: 2017-09-24 15:00:09
The BCH private key is the same as the BTC private key that you sent your BCH to. If you know the BTC private key you can access your coins. But if you did it on an exchange like OP then that might not be possible. 
@_date: 2017-10-01 17:19:27
Correct. The person that broadcasts the latest transaction will have to wait for 1000 blocks before he/she gets his/her bitcoin. Even though it's the latest transaction, the waiting time is still there.
The channel can also be closed by the two parties agreeing to close the channel and creating new transactions that pay out the balance in the channel to themselves without any waiting time. If both parties accept these new transactions (by signing them) they can avoid having to wait for 1000 blocks and thus close the channel immediately. This is a "peaceful" way of closing the channel, but it requires that both parties agree. 
@_date: 2017-10-02 07:51:25
This is a good idea! I might make a video with an overview of LN, and then have the technical explanations in separate videos. People that know the purpose of LN can then just skip to the technical videos immediately.
@_date: 2017-10-02 07:40:03
Thank you for the feedback, I was a bit too eager to go into the details without laying the foundation. I will address this in the next version of this video!
If A wants to send 10 BTC to C through the LN, but A only has a channel open with B and not C, then A can send 10 BTC to B who has a channel to C instead. They create transactions that are almost identical to the ones in this video, but instead they will use a secret key generated by C. The idea is that A will say to B: "You get 1 BTC if you can provide C's secret key". B will then turn to C and say "you get 1 BTC if you give me your secret key". C gives B the secret key for 1 BTC, and B gives it to A for 1 BTC. Thus there needs to be one transaction between A and B, and one transaction between B and C. 


Exactly. The idea of the the payment channels is that transactions don't need to be broadcast and put into blocks. No one else except the two people in the channel needs to know about the transactions. This is also why it's often called "off-chain transactions", because they don't happen on the blockchain. However the bitcoins in the channel can only be used between these two people, so if you want to use those bitcoin in some other way you first need to broadcast the latest "channel transaction" to move your bitcoin out of the channel and into an address you control. 