@_author: minedogemine
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:23:05
As I could not come up with any way to explain this to my friend, maybe someone here could comment:
Isn't the whole structure of BTC built around the foundation that from the first to the last transaction we all keep the records and can thus keep track of every single coin in existance?
How can we or the people at MtGox(who have all the wallet in / wallet out addresses) not just know where the bitcoins moved to if its such a large sum in total?
And do we now have "duplicate" coins because of the hacks/exploits or not or how does the tech side of all of this play out?
Has any really competent article been written about this by someone with real code and network knowledge?
@_date: 2014-03-10 14:19:15
Please also let everybody know that the .exe is a wallet stealer -&gt; 
and 
@_date: 2014-03-05 12:57:26
Sounds like a grade A attempt to infect people with a virus/trojan.
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:50:06
I feel for you. 
You basically spent your time and called the hotline to hear that you are supposed to refresh the Mt Gox homepage and that they can't really tell you anything. 
In short, the phone hotline is hollow appeasement("for now").
Although I wouldn't have any idea what else it could have been, its still a bit sad. 
Lord knows they could have just used that money..
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:20:06
You can buy a phone/"burner" without requiring an identity in cash and register the card under a fake name so long as a randomly chosen address from the internet exists.
They don't need a real ID for this or rather having a real ID behind it doesn't benefit them for the burner. This would be more useful to someone who actually knows me and wants to take me out or cause trouble for me. Again, I wouldn't be important enough for that.
@_date: 2014-02-26 02:57:32
More importantly, if the idea of the blockchain is to keep _all_ transactions, can't we just trace all of this?
And haven't hackers such as the CCC shown that we then in turn could also find these people?
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:42:40
I know; I didn't think for a second Rob would have that kind of thought or argument.
@_date: 2014-03-20 17:03:55
Why would I pay them 2-300$?
For one, there is no way to really "prove" that its not going to be sold anyhow(digital age, you can just manufacture proof and still have a copy), and secondly, how is them giving "evil people" my data any different from every other marketing firm already having it.
They don't have my credit card info, and sending bills to addresses randomly can be done with an online phonebook already. And you can reverse charges to a bank account.
As I asked in the other threads already, what _can_ you do with all these personal "Identities" to hurt the actual people?
I'm still not sure what the options are that you can't contest/refute or argue back.
If I were forced to spend 200$+, I'd rather get a year of legal insurance, to be honest.
@_date: 2014-03-11 12:57:00
This reads like a very complicated/roundabout way of getting donations(premine here, and donations because you expect someone to pay real money for the Goxcoin, essentially making them donation tokens) to the MtGox victims.
I wouldn't mind a direct donation site which will payout proportionally each month to verified victims, but who am I kidding. :p
Also how does anyone know this isn't just email + data harvesting?
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:06:15
I, too, am wondering:
a) What can I actually effectively do, what measures can I take to mitigate this in any way? (I'm from the EU, I don't have the 1$ target insurance)
b) What is the scope of exploitation? If my bank account gets wrongfully charged, I can issue a "charge back" which then causes the issuer additional costs and creates a dispute; it does however mean I will not have to stand for costs incurred. I have no credit card info there. I am not any "huge" identity such as a doctor or similiar, so what good is my identity over so many others that also got taken/stolen and how would one make use of it?
I am all for being warned, but right now I feel as smart after as before, just slightly more "you're supposed to feel panicked!".
@_date: 2014-03-05 15:03:14
That moment when you think something and then see it be top voted post.
@_date: 2014-03-13 06:29:56
The real issue is always a power holding group being able to pro-self-regulate / deregulate a system in its favour, thus cementing its own power base and changing the system's structure in its favour. 
Reducing that merely to currency(which, having heard a good bit of Reich before, I doubt he actually does - and I am going to watch the docu soon to check on this) would be far too simplistic.
Basically the last 50 years of deregulation have strongly favoured financials and "money"; making money from money is taxed less, or, depending on location, tax free. The ways to make money from money("financial alchemy" / financial products traded on exchanges etc) has exploded since the 1980s and deregulated strongly and is basically close to boundless, despite appearing otherwise.
On a corporate money level: Since real supranationals enjoy more financial mobility(Apple creating debt schemes to bypass taxation is a nice example, there are many more) than normal people and tax mobility as well, while being able to use the "employment" blackmail argument("legislation against US is legislation against JOBS") they hold all the cards.
Ironically enough, all of that would actually weaken your argument FOR a globally mobile money or money replacer, as it is part of the current power structure stabilizer.
Its more that wealth and wealth accumulation in and of itself is predatory(as it looks to self-preserve by any means necessary). 
You're not anti-money if you are pro bitcoin. 
You're pro wealth in both cases, whether this is comfortable to some to admit or not. 
Its always just a struggle to make it to the stronger other side, not a move to more equality.
(And you seem to imply that deregulation creates instead of destroy equality. It does not; the very idea of healthy regulation is to disable dysfunctional accumulation in the form of monopolies, cartels etc)
(also: illusive =&gt; elusive)