@_author: minero1
@_date: 2014-06-14 01:18:30
I would stay away from this action, this is clearly a honey trap for the IRS, not only that the coins are link to silk road even if you buy from the government it does not exempt you from liability from the government itself. 
In the USA a vehicle that was confiscated due to drug trafficking from Mexico was put on a public action, the vehicle was not properly cleaned by immigration officials, and the poor buyers of the vehicle were later arrested by IRS officials for drug trafficking, I do not have full details of the story but they were later released after being arrested, detained, jailed, and having to spend lots of money on legal fees, when the government knew that it was a vehicle they had sold, something that is completely not acceptable.
What is also not acceptable about this action, is that this government agencies work with our tax dollars, if they feel like selling the bitcoins it should not be in blocks of 3000, since only the very rich will be able to participate, which is completely not acceptable since we all pay taxes.
The correct way to proceed would be to buy 1000 ATMs at $1000 the sell the coins to everyone, and not only is more fair but they also get more money, but this way not only its illegal since they are not an MSB (they do not need to be an MSB they got the guns), but also are not allowing the general public to participate. Surely those coins belong to all of us, they work with our tax money, and selling them in blocks of 3000 is clearly proving that we do not live in a capitalist democracy, but instead in a plutocracy.
 
If the coins where sold anonymous on ATM there would be no IRS honey pot trap, this to me sounds like entrapment for the rich or maybe they want to finance some undercover operations with our money (shadow government). 
This bothers me for several reason, 99.9% of us are not allowed participation even though we pay for their wages, it could be a IRS honey pot, it is not being handled the way it should.
I would feel much better if they went to the Red Cross or a charity that appreciates bitcoins  like the Free Software Foundation, they work with our money, we should have a vote on this.
@_date: 2014-06-14 00:53:33
We clearly do not need banks. if they want to screw with Bitcoin simple lets avoid those Banks, vote with your money it is more powerful then voting at the booth were elections are rigged, well voting with your money only partially works since they are allowed to print at will.
However we should concentrate to change the laws to level the playing field with the Banks, everyone should be allowed to be their own Bank.  There should be independent Bitcoin ATM machines in every corner of every city, and that should be allowed without the need of a million dollar permit which is government insanity or government corruption since it protects the Banks from fair competition.
Remember we are on a financial revolution at least for me, to me it is not only the profit, but also the pleasure of being financially a free person, being free to me is very valuable, it creates lots of happiness, so with Bitcoin expect a rough ride and lots of challenges, but the ultimate reward which is financial freedom its priceless, if you are in for the profit now its the time since at higher risk higher profit, as time goes by the risk goes down and so does the profit, to an extreme take gold very safe not much room for profit, but much better than the dollar. In my opinion Bitcoin is all about financial freedom, which is the greatest thing that has happened this century. If Bitcoin by whatever reason fails which I have full confidence it will not at this point in time, at least I know I did my best for its success. 
@_date: 2014-06-14 00:37:54
The tax law makes no sense, what happens if your gains exceed your income ? in such case how do you reasonable pay the taxes without getting rid of the gains? That sort of taxation is a mafia, it is like saying give me what you got and also what you don't have, sign this blank check and let me know when the funds arrive. people should not have to pay more taxes than their income period.
That like buying a house for retirement calculating that most income will be lost to inflation, and then at time of retirement property taxes go up since inflation is up, income is down and you loose your house and become homeless, that is not acceptable. That is one reason it is currently better to rent in the USA, in other countries that may not apply.
@_date: 2014-06-14 06:04:17
Satoshi is a brilliant person, I am fully confident that he will do something cool with them when the time is right. 
The Bitcoin currency for being first of a kind it is almost perfect, it is so perfect and well planed that without a doubt he will not do something foolish. Bitcoin is here to stay, and year to year the price without a doubt will rise.
I was once a cryptographer and I can assure you that the problems that Satoshi solved were of extremely complexity. 
The only thing bad right now about Bitcoin is the way mining turned out to be it was not intended to be that way, however I predict that some honest mining company will come into existence in the near future without the existing greed from current companies, and will balance the bitcoin mining situation. We need mining to be decentralized both in hardware and in mining pools, we should never buy hardware from a company that mines, we should only buy hardware from companies that only sell hardware. otherwise the mining balance will be highly centralized and that is extremely bad, also we should all use p2pool once in a while, or better yet always. In the Bitcoin world decentralization is good, centralization is evil is that simple.
we all make mistakes, but lets face it we have to work as a team on this, if any aspect of Bitcoin becomes centralized we are doomed, we all have to make an extra effort to make it as much as decentralized as possible, and bitcoin will be around forever. thats one reason regulation is bad, regulation encourages centralization, and it is something we do not want or need, same thing with hardware asic vendors that mine themselves that creates centralizacion and it is really bad, that is something we can avoid, and it will encourage hardware vendor not to mine if we respect bitcoin ( respect in this sense == decentralization ). The mining aspect over the years has become more centralized that is really bad, the wealth distribution has become more decentralized that is very good.
Eventually this is my dream and the dream of many:
Independent bitcoin machines in every city.
complete decentralized exchanges
complete decentralized  shopping centers
complete decentralized mining hardware, something like a pc where you buy open source component and build your own miner.
Complete decentralized mining software, already exists p2pool, just need to be made easier for the average joe.
you get the idea, centralization is the weak point of bitcoin.