@_author: minedeos
@_date: 2018-02-06 20:08:07
I'd love to learn more about interesting fintech innovations! Direct me toward some that you may know of. 
Blockchain as a whole is more of a "revolution" than bitcoin itself. However, there are dozens of ways that bitcoin has changed finance forever. 
- First world currency  
- First peer to peer value transfer
- First Currency/Asset that cannot be tampered with by central authority. 
Bitcoin still has a higher market cap than some of the largest financial institutions in the world, Goldman Sachs, Schwab etc.(not an apples to apples comparison but profound none the less)
 
People are sick of being at the mercy of a corrupt federal reserve banking system that bails out crony capitalists at the expense of the taxpayer. Younger people have lost trust in this old draconian system that is biased in favor of the people at the top. 
EDIT:Every great movement has harsh opposition, the "fringe group losing their pants" are the ones willing to step up for what is right. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 03:00:07
It already is one of the biggest financial revolutions of all time. You certainly don't need a degree to see that.   
@_date: 2018-02-06 04:23:19
Yeah a lot of people love bitcoin/crypto a lot of whom are younger and a lot of people hate bitcoin/crypto. Every revolution is controversial. 
I could make dozens of arguments for the value of bitcoin but what it comes down to for me is trust. Do you trust in our current crony capitalist system that has little accountability and run by humans with sometimes selfish incentives? Or do you trust in an immutable decentralized cryptographic system run by computers that can be set up for the fairness to everyone? Give me your thoughts! I feel like there is this trust dynamic at play between the older and younger generation in this age of digital currencies. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 21:10:59
Yeah my grandmother hasn't either, but she has lived through 3 economic systems in the United States. Gold Standard till the 1940s fractional gold standard till 1970s and USD fiat currency till now. 
When our grandmothers start using digital currencies they will virtually have no idea they are using them. Because old folks are not the first movers