@_author: mintcraftmax
@_date: 2014-05-18 08:47:05
I also feel the need to point out, "Ultimately I will decide who wins" makes this project completely unfeasible. 
Bitcoin is about community consensus. If you want final decisions to be made by you, use your Bitcoin millions to open a bank.
If you want to create a site that allows democratic voting on features and only allows people who can somehow verify themselves (both as an individual and as a cryptocurrency holder) as to avoid vote tampering. You complain about a committee, you are suggesting a 1 man version.
That said if you develop something silly people would not use the software, that could be considered the consensus. That however could be detrimental to your business model. If a large number of projects are approved for development and never implemented due to lack of community consensus this will quickly die.
To sum up what I am getting at a decentralized open source development platform is not only conceptually difficult, it also has nothing to base itself on (never been done).
Once you conquer those issues, then consider the technical side.
@_date: 2014-04-11 21:34:12
It will most likely make the alt coins less relevant as their hash rates are so low they would not be considered secure enough for say, securing a decentralized exchange or distributing shares.
Bitcoin has ASICs and the scrypt ASICS are primarily for Litecoin, if the sidechains also make it more profitable to mine said coin it will further establish Litecoin as king. 
If for example a decentralized exchange opened and put up even a small percent of its profits to mining rewards on the Litecoin blockchain, its higher reward would draw in miners further securing the chain drawing in more sidechains.
@_date: 2014-04-06 08:59:05
Before you start this you have to ask what are your goals?
If you want to make money, this is not the way to go (buy coins not hardware). 
Say you buy the most you are considering, 5x330= 1.65ghs would as of today mine approximately 4 cents (US) worth of BTC each day (thats 24 hours) which means 4 - 5 hours on 5 of these USB units will make you less than a cent. It will cost significantly more than that in electricity.
For the bitcoin wallet download MultiBit from the official site. It is a lite client so does not need to download the blockchain.
When you start the program it will create a wallet file on your computer. That is your private key. Let know one see this as that will give them access to your coins.
The public key you can show to anyone and is used to send bitcoins to you. You can have multiple public keys generated from one private key.
To mine to a pool you simply sign up to one, and when you are configuring your miner target it at their mining address using your log in details.
Miners are usually configured using a .bat file. The .bat is a simple string of commands to tell the miner things like what pool to mine to, fail over pools so if it detects the primary pool is down it will temporarily mine to another pool to ensure it doesn't waste time and with scrypt mining contains gpu specific settings (as each gpu is different).
@_date: 2014-04-09 22:10:33
Go to blockchain.info and check that the send transaction is actually in the blockchain. If the BTC is missing from the account you sent from there has to be something in the blockchain. Even if someone key logged your computer, you would see the transaction send from original account, then send from your account to attackers account. 
It sounds like you need to do a little more reading and reconsider how seriously you take security if you want to move any significant value.