@_author: mintymark
@_date: 2017-12-13 09:38:41
You don't profess to know how they are made, but you still post? 
Casascius was always very clear that if you buy his coins you are trusting HIM. He explains how he generates and uses the private keys. He started to create these coins when Bitcoin was worth a dollar or two, it was never meant to be A1 security and he was always clear about that! 
The reason this paper wallet is a bad idea is 1) You need to trust the creator and he has no reputation or identity. 2) There is no mechanismn to know if the package was intercepted en-route, which gives him plausable deniability if your coins do disappear, unlike Casascius coins. 3) With Casascius you can say "look the hologram is intact and my coins have gone, this must be your fault" with this paper wallet, there is nothing to stop you showing a friend your wallet by accident or on purpose and so loosing your coins. There is no accountability here! 
The seller is either dishonest, or foolish in my opinion and this is asking for trouble! 
@_date: 2014-05-10 09:32:28
Hmm, this is quite a pleasant letter by comparison with the letter I got from Lloyds in the Uk. I have banked with them since 1978 and they won't tell me why they are closing my account and only very reluctantly did they eventually say that I could appeal, which I have done. They wont accept electronic records (must be printed) and they do not even know where their foreign payments go so this also has to be proved!! I think its monstrous to effectively accuse somebody but not tell them what they are accused of!!   They also are closeing 2 related accounts of mine. 
I now feel very nervious about recomending bitcoin to anyone because of this and it seems like quite a scary scenario to me. 
See 
@_date: 2017-03-25 16:13:16
This is good news ... it will help concentrate the minds of miners ... and they will switch to BU faster. We need to switch peeps, the faster the better! 
@_date: 2017-08-17 12:14:22
Hodling you or hodling BTC ? 
@_date: 2018-06-28 10:39:31
Thing is you can talk about cost of electricity or supply and demand, but the one thing that Bitcoin does, which has never neen possible before is at-a-distance instant permissionless funds transfer. You cannot do that today with any fiat currency or with paypal, its an accounting illusion. If you write a cheque or do internet banking, its a centralised ledger, so this ability is truly new and much superior to the old approach, fast, cheap and a genuine transfer. Thats the value proposition, and thats why Bitcoins are not tulips. Whats it worth? This is a binary question in my view. Is fiat better than Bitcoin or Bitcoin better than fiat? The answer is No 2, which means that Bitcoin will eventually replace fiat or largly supercede, its just a question of when.  
So in my view the price will go up and down, but a bubble it isn't.  
@_date: 2018-07-16 12:22:47
This is a great video, watch it yourself and make your own decision. 
@_date: 2017-07-28 18:31:04
No. You need to send your coins to one of the coin-splitting exchanges PRE-split, so that as the split occurs you will get the BCC coins. Doing it after will not move the BCC coins, you need a BCC wallet for that. 
Mind you, think I'd be dumping segwit coins! 
@_date: 2017-07-29 20:52:23
This is something I have given a bit of thought to. How would it work? Well the first thing I see is that the country would still need coins of the conventional type for daily trade, so the best way to enable this would be to say all national banks are mandated to exchange Bitcoins for national (local) currency at this rate. So the local currency would be tied in value to the Bitcoin. You would also allow Bitcoin for all legal purposes. For new coins issued you might decide to put the Bitcoin value on them rather than the previous currency. 
But how would this benifit the government of the country concerned? 
Well on the face of it not very much because they could previously print money and use it to buy foood or do public works, to an extent. 
The new game would be to start quietly buying as much Bitcoin as they could - perhaps exchanging any existing Gold reserves for Bitcoin, and use the gain in value (of Bitcoin) once the plan was anounced as a one-time bounty to assist the country financially. The government would effectively pocket that.  And by tipping off well to do private individuals in the country they could possibly multiply this leverage. (You lend us money, foreign reserve or local currency and we will pay it back in 1 years time with this much interest etc. ) 
But there are some significant problems I see. As Bitcoin is a deflationary currency you absolutly CANNOT borrow in it. Lets suppose a coffee farmer can easily double his profits by borrowing 10% of the value of his farm, and he can prove this. He gets the loan, but when he comes to pay it back, he cannot as Bitcoins are now worth twice what they were and although he has doubled his profit he did not expect to pay back an extra 100%  Without the ability for businesses to borrow money a country cannot grow. Maybe you make loans available in another Foreign currency, but even this dubious. But perhaps possible. 
The thing is it wont happen unless there is a major advantage to the adopting government and I am not certain there is. The lack of corruptability would of course benifit the common man, but the gain for the government, especially one that starts off nearly broke could be slim. 
@_date: 2017-07-30 18:02:27
You can only do some much with low interest. It would need to negative to make this work! 
@_date: 2017-07-31 08:17:06
Yes this is part of their enrolment process. You just need to do it once. 
Gemini exchange works very smoothly with minimal red tape. Awesome exchange. 
@_date: 2017-07-30 18:01:35
Not if its coffee, its sold to developed countries for a fixed price in dollars or pounds. *THATS* the problem. 
@_date: 2017-07-03 10:16:42
So is noone going to speak up for the UAHF? 
This is Bitcoin as it has always been, scaled as it was intended to scale. There is no reason for segwit, its dangerous, overcomplicated and doesnt offer anything except the end of Bitcoin as we know it, 
It may be a slow start but the UAHF is the best of both worlds, block size increase, and no Segwit. Honestly, if Bitcoin is what you are interested in why would you want segwit?  If killing Bitcoin is what you want it makes sense.   Probably by August the 1st or soon after this will be very clear. 