@_author: mioelnir
@_date: 2015-02-17 23:50:20
At a NY:BUG talk it was said that the CDN is currently deployed with 10-STABLE. I very very much doubt that Scott Long (former FreeBSD release engineer, now at Netflix) would allow to put CURRENT on their CDN.  
It may be broken less-often nowadays compared to when he was re but it still is CURRENT.
@_date: 2015-02-18 00:19:56
As a rule, to run current you have to check it out via SVN and compile it yourself. Also ABI and API are fluid, having to recompile everything is due for par on current and gets little more than an entry in UPDATING (basically a Changelog).  
I run it on my laptop, mostly for KMS and suspend/resume stuff that no server cares about and to play around with stuff. Any company with the expertise to run it in production is much more likely to have developers at hand that will backport them specific patches from CURRENT to 10-STABLE.
@_date: 2015-02-18 00:02:49


Personally, with no evidence in either direction, I honestly doubt it. Everybody tracks it, since this is what you write patches against that you want to upstream. But that's about it.  
The workflow for code on FreeBSD is new stuff gets into CURRENT and after it has settled there for *long enough*, a MFC (Merge From CURRENT) moves it into the STABLE branches. These are then frozen at some point by the release engineering team and go through the BETA/RC testing cycle. So, as a crude analogy, the MFC from CURRENT to STABLE is a bit similar to a pull request against Linux mainline during a merge window. Looking at it from that angle, running FreeBSD-CURRENT on your production machine would be like following one of gregkh's active development branches in production.  
I'm not saying it doesn't happen; just that it might not be the best idea ever.
@_date: 2015-02-18 00:35:55


As a sysadmin: if there was the option to deploy something broken into production, someone has done it somewhere and that deployment is now business-critical.  
I don't like making assumptions about other people, but I hope very few people do BTC related things on an OS version that is expected to go `oh, you still needed that filesystem? that may be a problem...` at any point.