@_author: mircado
@_date: 2013-08-11 11:52:39
Another uneducated article from the bitdumbos (dumbasses who know little about bitcoin but feel they can talk as if they do). It felt like they had to ask for permission to use the word "bitcoin". *must not mention bitcoin, must not mention bitcoin* doh!
This piece really made me laugh though:


@_date: 2013-07-25 06:28:49
Interestingly, the only comment in their update was:


@_date: 2013-12-04 19:34:36
Modmypi just lost a customer, this will be the first time I will buy something with bitcoin in the EU, very exciting. You have some really cool stuff, most of which I have had trouble finding. Like adafruit gear, noodle cables, vesa Rpi mount. If only you stocked makey makey, that would take you from DOMINATING to GODLIKE. 
I missed out on the [Kano]( xmas delivery, so I was thinking of sort of hacking one together and I found your site while searching for pibow, first hit. Then I saw that you accept bitcoin (really?) and I thought I'll whack this up on reddit, shock horror, you're already here.
It would be helpful if you had a delivery cost guideline, about us and payment section (explaining that you use bitpay) but otherwise I'm loving it. Oh and try not to clutter up the interface in the future, when they redesigned modmypi I hated it because of all the clutter.
@_date: 2013-08-24 05:22:18
Aah, they all want to take you away from reddit ;) [@_date: 2013-06-06 09:44:27
The outcome of the group buys are very hard to predict. Some questions I would be contemplating:
Will the Avalon chips have problems (heat, failures, lower hashrate)? 
Will the assemblers be able to build working prototypes, on schedule? 
If you are in a group buy with multiple batches, how will this impact your delivery time?
Will there be extra customs or regulatory problems? CE in Europe for example. Issues the GB organizer may run into explaining to customs that they don't have a proof of purchase. If Organizer is not a company, they will likely need to explain what they are doing with 10,000 micro chips.
Will AsicMiner sit back and watch, reduce the price of their blade or bring out a faster blade? 
Will the difficulty be so high that DIY'ers are in the same position that GPU miners find themselves now? 
Will a much faster and cheaper miner be introduced?
Personally, I have AsicMiner shares and a BE Blade already. I was very close to buying into a Group Buy but it just seems to me that there are too many variables right now. I might buy in after I see the results of the sample chips, we'll see.
When you are actually mining, instead of just talking/dreaming about it, you realize very quickly that time, difficulty and luck are your enemies. BFL buyers know all about this or will soon enough. When you buy a product that won't deliver for at least 3 months, time and difficulty already have a head start on you.
@_date: 2013-04-29 19:01:27
Thanks but it is not going to work, there is only one seller locally and he/she has 0 reputation.