@_author: miscellaneousplot
@_date: 2019-10-24 16:08:05


Craig Wright is not "big" and he has nothing to do with bitcoin. He is a low life scammy slob, period. And Ive never heard of Tone Vays.


It has been proven time and again that past performance should never be deemed a qualified indicator of future movements. Some people though, some people may rely on past performance to foretell asset's future route. Some people may not. Some do count on fundamentals more than charts. But a good analyst dare not show a hypothetic event in financial markets to be true with an absolute probability. "Guaranteed" is never transposable with "possible". Halvening may certainly be priced in although some may still think of $100,000 Bitcoin, but its never 100%. Also take note, people do not have to have a reason for believing in 100K. Do you understand this? We had dozens of tradingview charts from 2014-2015 drawing predictions for $50K and $100K, and back then neither halvening nor Lightning was a factor.


This is incorrect. Having $200 billion jump in marketcap does not imply that anything comparable to that amount was directly pumped into bitcoin. Depending on market sentiment, $15 to $20 billion in cash should be enough to bring bitcoin price to 5X the current rate. And much less would have been needed to bring the price from $300 to $3000.


What is your notion of "low"? Compared to what? As I mentioned above, some folk may think the present value is still "low".


Is US government the world government? No other governments exist, right? ASIDE: what your saying makes not even a scintilla of good sense. Do govs possess ownership right of bitcoin blockchain? What do you expect to happen?  Do you expect ATMs to be shut down, small businesses to be banned from accepting bitcoin and sentries to be stationed to supervise streets and eliminate emerging flares of bitcoin propaganda in neighborhoods? What could govs do?
Remember, the one and only scenario where masses could abandon bitcoin is if / when a quantum computer with enough gates to reduce attack time dramatically so as to crack sha256 &amp; AES comes out. That IS the only scenario. But migration to fully quantum resistant algos may have been completed long before that time.
**ASIDE: I see your not a native speaker so you may want to sponge some parts of your verbiage off your post as it makes even less sense than parts I commented on. Just learn to express yourself in a simpler and clearer way. Do not pretend to be smarter than you are.**
@_date: 2019-04-20 18:04:52
Well general prerequisite for hodling is that u as a hodler consciously expect your gain to appreciate proportionally to how long your hodling period is. Means unrealized gains / opportunities / benefits which u sacrifice in the short term must necessarily exceed the inconveniences u go through due to short-term abstinence. The key factor here is time which is unrenewable resource.
What Im saying is, u age, get slower, niggardly, less attractive, your appearance changes, wrinkles start to emerge, u get diabetes and now u would be more bothered with where to order pills than what car to buy and what hooker to pick. In the meanwhile, ur share is growing and ur investments are now the size of GDP of Libya. Anyhow u still refrain from taking out cash and keep on holding instead.
Life passes through that bottleneck opening like sand in ur sand clock. U got a bad cardio and ur cock is dead as it cant harden anymore and hence u dont need any hookers. U finally cash out to improve ur well being and alleviate these little annoyances old people get in the last years before their body drops dead to the ground.
Aging is what I fear the most. Im freaked out of thinking about my body as a biological resource, being weathered out to the point where I cant take advantage of all my riches.
And this is where I realize that I as a human am not meant to deal with longer time spans than the time Im given at birth, and am not meant to function for as long as I want. This is scary man u know that markets can always wait longer than u. And money u desire will eventually come in however it might come in when u dont need it anymore.
@_date: 2019-04-01 14:39:08
Is it a joke?
@_date: 2017-09-16 11:18:17
Typical misappropriation of facts. And this is not the only contributing factor to this. Also Low education, pleb mentality, inability to research and circlejerking.
**Explanation for noobs**: Big banks do often provide brokerage services. JPM's brokerage firm has bought [317,857.28 USD]( worth of ETN for their clients in Sweden of which 165002.24 USD equivalent has already been sold. Its customers who have been buying, not JPM itself. Random cocained cuck posted misleading piece and everyone is happy to circlejerk this - without further fact checking or understanding of what has happened. Remove this fud from the top. Now.
@_date: 2017-09-14 12:22:56
Thats the core tenet of chinese's trail of thinking. Chinese believe that everything within state borders is part of their sovereignty. Internet, blockchain, distributed governance systems, it all is alright as long as its nicely packed into the state jurisdiction dominated by ruling party. Even though theres a communist order in the country, the party doesnt care much about what separate individuals think, what they invest in and what fundraising methods they practice. Instead they try to shape up the general opinion for the benefits of commune. They build up the trend and reinforce the public opinion to follow that trend. As such they maintain isolation and halt outflows of valuable assets. Chinese people are assets of chinese country and so they are the power which abounds and thus should be governed on a different scale. Huge pile of assets in one pot requires a different type of ideology and gov vehicle for managing that, otherwise that card house would plunge of its own weight. Concentration of mining power within borders has the same essentials. If chinese were not to regulate bitcoin, someone else will do it. Again, within their certain isolated geodomain.
@_date: 2017-09-16 13:53:02
 u/mikbob do you understand that we are talking about Sweden? Do you understand that the currency of Sweden is swedish krona? Do you understand how to use google translate? Do you understand how to google? Do you understand how to read? Do you understand that stupid cucks like yourself damage this sub? No? Then [learn](
For your whoremonging broken ass, here is the [piece of wisdom]( which you would probably never comprehend as you physically lack the ability to research just like many here. I just did you a favor. Now, do me a favor, edit your submission and apologize for the shit you posted. You have one hour. Else I will report you to moderators.
@_date: 2017-07-03 15:23:35
Why do u bring that shit up again after a year? Why do u even mention wright? Who the fuck on earth gives a poop about him, who remembers him and who does care if hes even alive or got accidentally raped in a jail by his hairy cell mates? And why do u even post this on bitcoin sub? 