@_author: mishima23
@_date: 2013-04-12 04:55:10
Mostly Wrong:
1. Bitcoins are divisible.  There are as many Bitcoins as there need to be.  If you can't afford one Bitcoin, simply buy .1 Bitcoin, or .01 Bitcoin, or .001 Bitcoin.
2.  Cash doesn't have chargebacks, either.  If some crackhead steals your daughter's allowance, you don't get a chargeback there. Companies offer chargebacks, not currencies.  Companies doing business in Bitcoins could easily offer fraud protection.
3. Again, dollars have just as much anonymity as Bitcoins.  You can avoid taxes by operating a cash only business, if you want.  There are plenty of ways to send dollars anonymously, as well. People do it all the time.
4. Only time will tell with this one, but as long as even a few countries legitimize it, it will be as useful as any other international currency.
5.  Electronic transactions of all kinds share the same security weaknesses.  
6.  People buy illegal things all the time with dollars without affecting its legitimacy.  In fact, black markets tend to be very resilient, so Bitcoin's use in black market transactions is actually a strong measure of support for its stability.
7. I don't know what to say about this one.  Clearly, Bitcoin's exchanges are a weak link.  However, governments track and prosecute fraud in many circumstances, there is no reason why Bitcoin exchanges would be any different. SEC regulations do [apply]( to Bitcoin brokers in the U.S. for sure.
Serious business are already adopting bitcoins.  Did you know that Reddit is owned by a major international publishing company?
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:42:37
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:07:51
Your intuition is right on.  
Think of it this way; right now the only people who would buy Bitcoins are people who think it is going up.  If you think Bitcoin is going down, the only choice you have is to stay out of the market entirely.  
This eliminates a huge volume of speculative trade, reduces market liquidity, and prevents Bitcoin from finding a market equilibrium.  Until shorting becomes possible, we will probably see many violent swings in price.
@_date: 2013-03-31 06:12:53
How would you feel about an independent, third-party platform, like  NinjaTrader or TradeStation?
@_date: 2013-03-31 06:54:07
This is actually very on-topic for us.  We see the primary difficulty being that it is slow and difficult, and sometimes very risky, to transfer the contents of wallets over a network.  For sites with a high frequency of transactions, like a brokerage or a paysite, this risk expands exponentially. One solution that seems possible is to maintain an escrow service that holds some multiple of our total account values.  Unfortunately, this requires a significant amount of capital and ideally some type of insurance.  Currently, neither the SIPC or FDIC support Bitcoins, but changing this would represent a significant increase in Bitcoin's legitimacy and expedite the creation of paysites and brokerages.....
@_date: 2013-04-12 04:12:12
Shorting is a stabilizing force and a valuable part of any efficient market.  Traders should have been able to build short positions all the way up this bubble, which would have reduced overbought conditions and reduced the severity of the crash as they covered their shorts on the way down.  Bitcoin not having easy shorting options is the most important thing standing in the way of its legitimacy, IMHO.
Source: I am an investment analyst, but not a Bitcoin trader.