@_author: mishelliani
@_date: 2018-08-02 08:14:52
hahaha. :-) lol
it's very funny 
if only it wasn't so sad....
@_date: 2018-08-02 07:12:05
and I have a question: WHY LocalBitcoins, the mass of the block? share their assumptions. began to study the Internet on this topic. If you enter in the search engine: Localbitcoins has blocked the account, I can not withdraw bitcoins, it immediately becomes clear that these locks are massive. and, if you look at the time of receipt of complaints, it becomes clear that these mass blockages have begun, relatively recently.
then, having received a letter from technical support with a request to provide a photo again, I had a hypothesis. Agree when you 27.07. you go through enhanced identification, and 30.07. you are asked again to send the same photo, it looks like LocalBitcoins is just stalling. And, so not only I have again and again asked for the same photo. as time goes on, the course changes, the nerves are spent....
Hypothesis: When I can not dispose of my balance on LocalBitcoins - for me it's just numbers in the monitor. Where are the bitcoins at this moment?
When I block a debit card, then the card balance for me is also just numbers. But banks are protected by guarantees of the state, have a credit rating from Fitch or S&amp;P, etc. And I know that my money is physically somewhere in the vault of the Bank, and my account balance I accrue income, even when the card is blocked by Bank. And I know that I only need to go through certain procedures. Moreover, my Bank has a branch near my house where I can come and talk to them. Therefore, such measures are commensurate with the guarantees provided by the Bank. (the measures that the Bank applies when blocking my card) I will Say that I have worked for a long time in one of the leading banks, and as a middle Manager at the regional level, and I personally know that any Bank has a huge number of forgotten/abandoned accounts, and the money in these accounts actually belongs to the Bank, and after some time - officially recognized as the income of the Bank.
Now let's project the above on LocalBitcoins.
LocalBitcoins has no branches. It's a Finnish company. Russian-speaking support service-no. Response time from 24 hours to 80 hours or more.
The official position of the company is as follows: We just do not block, all for the sake of Your own safety, that is, the users of the site. We do not use the funds, they are securely stored in our possession.
Now think about it: blocked a thousand accounts. How many of them will not be able to provide the requested photos, for reasons of anonymity, in the first place? These accounts will remain blocked, that is, will go into the category of forgotten and abandoned accounts. Where are bitcoins physically at this moment? Who do they belong to? And display on the site just numbers, without the right to use them, it is easy: -) lol.
If we assume that I'm right, it immediately becomes logical and the fact of the emergence of mass locks and repeated requests to send photos and time delay. It all makes sense. After all, it is a very good income. Not commensurate with the commissions.
Why start mass blocking? for the sake of security and anti-fraud? It is not logical. To avoid fraud on the site-it was enough to bring the time of the dispute/complaint to 1 hour. And all, it would not be necessary to block all in a row. And now the situation looks that way-block all in a row, and then let the users themselves prove that they did not break anything, etc. + of course $$$
THEREFORE, ALL STATEMENTS of representatives of LocalBitcoins, ALL FOR the safety of USERS, LOOKS at LEAST STRANGE.
@_date: 2018-08-03 03:44:17
)))) lol. 
i'm wait 5 days.
I lost my money because of the change of course. 
you all say the same thing: all for the sake of user safety. 
you're obviously deceiving. 
fraud on lcb will cease to exist when the support team will respond quickly to requests. and not on 5 days 
that's your excuse 
for example, according to coin.dance lcb 140 million volume, and Paxful - 14 million 
Paxful meet their users for 12 minutes!!!! 12*10=120 minutes-long be the response time in lcb.
PS. 
I really want to believe you. but with each day of expectation from this belief remains less and less.
@_date: 2018-08-02 07:52:12
There is another p2p platform. It is very inconvenient to use in Russia. But in the UK it is used. it is Paxful
Consider it as an opportunity to purchase bitcoins
@_date: 2018-08-02 08:39:45
I completely agree with you. in the future, Bisq may become more competitive for LocalBitcoins. But today-the volume of trading in this decentralized platform is too small to conduct active trade... :-(