@_author: misrdanskellinika
@_date: 2018-02-09 13:22:37
Yeah but given the chance, wouldn’t you rather work 60 hours a week knowing you were changing the course of human history? Or 30 hours a week at a mediocre job and spend the rest of your time ‘relaxing’ watching reality tv and checking your facebook? Not knocking anyone who isn’t interested in creating history, there are plenty of well paying ‘normal hours’ jobs out there. I just believe that to really achieve historical greatness, you need to be obsessed. 
Amazon on the other hand is just a money grab. It screws everyone from their employees to the sellers. 
@_date: 2018-02-10 07:30:32
So you’re comparing highly skilled, well paid workers who chose to apply for a job at SpaceX and are free to leave at any time with slaves from a couple of hundred years ago?
@_date: 2018-02-09 17:19:29
That’s the beauty of living in the free world, you don’t have to work for anyone you don’t want to. Or at all if you don’t want. 
Just the same as the SpaceX employees. They are given stock in the company, 3 weeks paid holiday, free medical, dental, and vision care. and most of all, a chance to be a part of something that is changing history. 
If they think it’s unfair, they are free to leave, no one is forcing them to work at the company. 
Having a leader that works just as hard (if not harder) as all his employees goes a long way when working as a team. If your team believe in you and respect you, you and them can achieve great things.
SpaceX has a rating of 4.1 out of 5 on the glassdoor website which is an anonymous review site that the employees can rate the company. That’s quite high for any company of that size. 
Again, I’m not knocking anyone who doesn’t want to work any harder than the bare minimum of what’s expected. 
But we do need people with vision who are willing to go above and beyond if we are to push humanity forward.
EDIT: lol so I’m getting downvoted for suggesting that there’s nobility in working hard for yourself and a company that has actual vision and is changing the face of humanity?
EDIT 2: thanks for the gold! Nice to know there’s some who see the value in the hard work Musk and his employees are doing 
@_date: 2018-02-09 17:20:12
My point exactly 