@_author: missourimedic
@_date: 2018-01-05 12:16:48
Correct. I've read a couple of his books, and he is very big on making this emphasis. He's very, very traditional and fundamental in his approach. A brilliant investor (long-term wealth), but he makes no claims to be a short-term trader, and while I don't want to put words in his mouth, I got the distinct impression that he doesn't approve of or have a lot of respect for "trading."
@_date: 2017-12-23 15:47:43
Yeah, I agree that it’s not the best analogy. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 20:40:36
I think everyone would agree. The problem comes down to name-recognition and avoiding mass confusion in the mainstream.
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:42:47
Forever? No; but so long as demand/adoption continues to increase (easily evidenced by a multitude of metrics) then one should expect the value/price to continue to increase.
@_date: 2017-12-23 01:05:05
IMHO Christmas gifts. People are simply profit-taking for gifts. You don't see such a dramatic reaction in the stock market, where investors are generally more professional, or money is harder to move (such as retirement/mutual funds, etc), but in crypto it's largely a bunch of amateurs living paycheck-to-paycheck, who can pull money out instantly with a phone app. Of COURSE there is going to be large amounts of money moving out a week before Christmas....
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:52:35
Yeah. 
@_date: 2017-12-26 23:49:24
Completely distinct. You should sell your Bitcoin Cash and buy the real Bitcoin with the money you make. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 16:26:05
I agree. I feel like I have a pretty good "feel" for BTC's behavior (i.e. the mass psychology driving it) and when it spiked so quickly last week, I had a feeling it would either suffer a fairly dramatic correction, or else kind of stall out and tread water until things caught back up to sync. I would also point out that a week or so ago the price did the same thing right before CBOE started offering it. It was like everyone was just holding their breath to see what happened after CBOE started offering BTC futures, and there was a period of a few days where there was very little big action.  
@_date: 2017-12-18 01:02:28
@_date: 2017-12-21 23:13:22
I would assume that his/her point was to remind everyone reading it that it's all relative, and that those who genuinely believe in Bitcoin should prepare for rough seas. Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst, so to speak. There will likely be many corrections between now and the moon. Some minor, and quite possibly some major. Back in 2013, there was a horrifying correction which probably shook most people out of the market. Those who had faith (along with a few lucky ones who simply walked away and forgot about it) were rewarded. It's a very important lesson for everyone to remember, because it could happen again. When it does, HODL and be patient and brave. That isn't a message of pessimism; it's a wise message of inspiration.
@_date: 2017-12-24 19:27:08
This actually feels like a triple samurai wedge with some evidence of a drunken monkey double-tap. If it clears $14500 by close, then I would look for a five-fingered zombie fist to occur. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:39:50
BTC is down largely because it's Christmas, and people are profit-taking in order to pay for gifts, or to pay off the maxed-out credit cards. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:18:36
Except that legally Bitcoin operates in a very grey area. This is the downside to the Wild West world of unregulated currency.  Laws and agencies (such as the FTC) which normally protect against these sort of shenanigans just don’t apply to BTC.
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:59:26
I absolutely agree.
@_date: 2017-12-26 00:45:52
Are you kidding? He's doing a fantastic job. Not kidding. ISIS is driven into the dirt. Awesome Supreme Court appointee. Embassy moving to Jerusalem, just like the last several presidents promised (but never did). Enormous tax breaks coming up for me very soon... and most important, he's turning the economy around and creating jobs at lightning speed.
@_date: 2017-12-23 15:42:52
Some might argue that BTC is MORE logical that the stock market. BTC is mathematically following a parabolic curve which correlates to public adoption, as according to Metcalfe’s Law (a social/communication network is equal to its number of users, squared). Simply put, it’s usefulness is directly correlated to the number of people in possession of it, and this number is rising along a parabolic curve as it (virally) becomes mainstream. It’s entered a positive-feedback loop. People can call it a bubble, but there are some solid reasons to dispute this (not the least of which is that it was just put through a very rigorous stress-test). With the development of the Lightning Network and other engineered solutions to its scaling problem, we are investing in its future... no different than any other mainstream startup/IPO. If a traditional mainstream company started its alpha-phase of life with this kind of incredible user-base, such radically devoted fans, massive media attention, name recognition, and theoretical potential, it would have tremendous value on Wallstreet. Bitcoin has incredible potential, and we are betting on that potential. The very moment the scalability kinks are solved (which is practically inevitable, given the number of brilliant programmers at work on it, all with a direct financial incentive to motivate them) there will be mass adoption by large companies such as Amazon. When this happens, it’s actual value will quadruple or quintuple practically overnight, and everyone will flock to it.
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:58:42
I believe that much of this correction is due to pre-Christmas profit-taking, as people pull money in order to buy gifts. I also believe that we will see a significant uptick over the next few months, as people recover from Christmas, and as they begin to receive their tax-returns.
So I do think that the price could slide a bit further, but I personally wouldn’t take the chance. I would go in now. Don’t panic if it drops by another few thousand (unlikely, but possible). It will recover, and IMHO it will recover very quickly. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 21:06:24
A reasonable point which I'll mostly concede, but I've been very closely tracking the market for six months, and to me this "feels" like broad crypto-market profit-taking. Call it anecdotal if you will, but everyone I know who holds crypto (myself included), told me that they are selling fractions of it in order to buy gifts. Again, I'll concede your point, and I'll call this "evidence" rather than proof, but anecdotally speaking, I'm seeing evidence of it.
@_date: 2017-12-26 04:28:52
Don't underestimate the power of name-recognition. 
@_date: 2017-12-25 00:49:35
Sure it is. Absolutely correct.
However the laws of social network adoption, Metcalfe's Law, Woo's Law, et cetera are not necessarily a terrible indicator. There are plenty of metrics to help chart the popularity of Bitcoin, and the price is directly correlated to the demand.
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:24:41
To those panicking:  Did you guys honestly not anticipate people cashing out for Christmas money?  This is absolutely predictable. Yes, it was worsened by the timing of Roger's games and CB's insider scandal... but all we are seeing now is Christmas profit-taking. Be patient. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:56:31
All coins went flat for awhile. I’m assuming Coinbase just shut down trading for awhile, across the board?
@_date: 2017-12-18 00:40:45
You wanted change?
@_date: 2017-12-26 23:44:50
I'm a paramedic and once saw a woman lose her life trying to save a pet bird. A horrible tragedy. I've also seen dozens lose their lives in other fires besides that one.
I'm very glad that you made it out alive.
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:08:43
No one can tell you how much to invest. It depends on a number of variables. How old are you? How tolerant are you of stress/losing money? What are your expenses? What’s your income? Do you have dependents or others who rely on you? Et cetera. 
As a very general rule of thumb, the younger an investor is, the greater the percentage they can/should invest in higher risk investments. This is simply because as you get older, you have less time to save for retirement and less time to recover your losses. 
If you have a wife and children, you should also consider their well-being and ask yourself if you should really be gambling on a highly speculative investment. No matter how much faith you may have in Bitcoin’s future, no one can predict with total certainty where it’s price will be in a week... much less in a month or a year. 
Bottom-line: Invest no more than you can stand to lose. You should mentally prepare yourself to lose it, the moment you commit to investing it. I have enormous faith in BTC’s future, but I still make every decision on the assumption that I’ll never see the money again. 
Honestly, I wouldn’t even view it as an investment. If you believe in the concept, then think of it as money donated toward helping BTC succeed. Maybe you’ll get lucky and be rewarded with a return in your investment... but it isn’t intended as an investment vehicle, and IMHO anyone investing in it shouldn’t approach it as such. Invest in the concept and the technology because you believe in a better system... not because you want to get rich. If you do make money, that’s awesome. If you don’t, then you can feel good that you were a part of a movement and furthered the technology.  
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:18:27
My opinion? The correction was caused by two main factors. One was the sudden and unexpected introduction of Bitcoin Cash on Coinbase. This obviously caused a stampede. The other is people taking profits in order to buy Christmas gifts.
IMHO neither of these events should have a lasting impact on the price. I think that the more rational-minded investors will realize that this correction was an overreaction, and they will buy back in for a great discount. I think that their tax returns will also give them some disposable income which they will feel relatively comfortable risking. 
I also think that the future looks increasingly favorable for BTC. The Lightning Network appears to be doing well in testing, and the news that Goldman-Sachs is adding a BTC trading desk, and also discussion of ETFs all speaks of big money preparing to enter the game. If the whales are already planning their moves, they won’t be able to resist this current fire sale. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 00:57:26
Except that all around me, I see new people entering. Just today, two co-workers bought in for the first time. Also my local news did a big story today, about a local phone company which is now accepting Bitcoin payments. Meanwhile I'm seeing it on Big Bang Theory, Saturday Night Live, Howard Stern... Coinbase is adding 100,000 new members a day and fighting for the number one position on the app store. Goldman-Sachs is adding a BTC trading desk. Ebay is announcing that they are considering accepting Bitcoin, and Craigslist just began recognizing it. The Lightning Network is having successful tests.  Et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
I'm not blind to it's problems, but I have to tell ya... when I look at the overall situation, I'm seeing far more positive signs of growth, than I am exhaustion. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:53:00
IMHO the evidence that I'm correct clearly lies in the fact that cryptos are down across the board. This isn't a Bitcoin-specific event, but rather a broader market thing, as Christmas shoppers take out profits. 
 
@_date: 2017-12-20 22:55:24
It's Satoshi!
@_date: 2017-12-26 00:51:58
Great attitude and excellent perspective.
 
@_date: 2017-12-23 22:46:18
They are the crypto equivalent to penny stocks. 
Generally a very bad idea. There may be some money to be made, but it would require a lot of luck. You may as well go to Vegas and play the slots. 
@_date: 2017-08-16 16:56:41
A wise investor once said to always be on the lookout for paradigms. The sort of paradigms which change the world and evolve society and culture in dramatic ways. That's were the real money is. 
Those paradigms changed the world. Their discovery led to enormous, multi-billion and tillion dollar industries emerging.  The first Model-T Ford didn't just lead to Henry Ford becoming rich. It led to vast wealth by numerous other manufacturers... including those building highways, automotive components, etc. It revolutionized interstate shipping, etc. It vastly changed culture and society (prior to cars, most people lived, married, and died within 25 miles of their birthplace.)
Is cryptocurrency the beginning of a new paradigm? I believe that it may be. Probably not one as obvious as cars and computers, but I do believe that it could potentially reshape countries and currencies.  
@_date: 2017-08-16 16:41:03
Been there and done that, back when I used to do  position-trading through ScottTrade.
I warned my wife and son when I convinced them to buy into BitCoin, to be prepared for those sudden drops. It's perfectly normal for the price to plummet whenever it hits new highs, because the short-termers who just want to make a quick buck (or those trying to ride the waves by buying low and selling high) will sell off in droves, dropping the price through the basic supply-demand principles. It doesn't necessarily reflect confidence in or performance of the stock/commodity, so much as a reactionary knee-jerk (and ofttimes automated) sell-off at those high prices. 
I realize I'm stating the obvious and you already likely know all of this, but I'm stating it anyway for the edification of any other newbies who may be reading this and trying to better understand the psychology of these sort of markets.
Right now I believe that BitCoin is a victim of its own success in the sense that we are all banking on it growing in popularity in terms of its being used as a currency.... yet we are all so attached to it that most people can't image spending it on a pizza or a t-shirt. It's a catch-22. 
 That's why I look to places like India and Japan, where there are huge populations and I predict they will be ahead of the curve when it comes to actually SPENDING BTC, rather than just holding it.
Just kind of rambling... but I do think that BTC will need to kind of break out of this catch-22 to be successful and take off. I have confidence that it will, but in the meantime look for those wild fluctuations, especially now that big hedgefunds and more traditional big-money investors are starting to put their toe in the water. They have a tendency to manipulate prices, and with their huge money they can cause wild swings. A single investor spending a few million dollars, can cause the price to rocket up, or selling his position can cause it to plummet. That's why it's important to look at the volume and not just the price. It can give you clues as to what's going on with those price-swings.
@_date: 2017-09-08 17:52:49
How do you figure?
Regulation, sure.... but banning? 
How would 1.3 billion people banned from exchanging bitcoin, be a good thing ?
@_date: 2017-10-20 21:15:50
Because every day more and more people start noticing, understanding, and buying Bitcoin. It's following a pattern very similar to the way an up-and-coming social media site like Facebook "catches fire" and starts taking off. It's like email, in the late 1990's. (i.e. the early adoption phase).
Every day, more businesses legitimize BTC. A currency which was once associated with drug-dealing sites like Silk Road, is now being associated with sites like Overstock.com, Home Depot, DirectTV, Microsoft, and Dell. Every day, more large institutional investors start buying into it. Every day that it isn't hacked and it doesn't plummet, confidence in it grows. Right here in my little city, there are several restaurants which accept it. That list grows every day. Et cetera, et cetera. 
Bottom-line: there is steadily (exponentially) increasing demand for it... yet the supply remains basically constant.
As for the sudden and erratic jumps in price, that's slightly more complicated, but easily explainable. Think of it as rough noise and smooth out the data, and it follows a nice path correlating with its adoption. The "noise" is it reacting to various news. Everything from Tweets to countries issuing policies... and a million other variables.
@_date: 2017-10-31 18:14:24
I agree. All eyes are now forward, to $7,000 and even $10,000.
The psychology of the market matters, but especially so with Bitcoin, because there are so many amateurs buying (and selling). The market psychology is more important, IMHO, than it is with traditional markets.
@_date: 2017-10-31 18:17:28
I can't answer this question, but I will say that I had the same thought. As I did with NVIDIA.
"When the gold rush starts, don't head for the hills in search of gold. Start selling shovels. That's where the real money is." 
-famous investing quote