@_author: mission_control_2049
@_date: 2013-03-09 00:21:43
Wall St will NOT like Bitcoin. JFC.
In other news, Senator Paul filibustered the Senate for 12 straight hours this week, demanding that the Obama administration produce *actual* written rules in regards to their use of drone strikes against American citizens, including Americans not actively engaged in combat, on American soil and without a public hearing.
You'd think the seriousness of killing non-combative Americans on American soil without judicial oversight would result in some semblance of a response, but all we've gotten from them is a three sentence letter reiterating their "thoughts" that the 5th Amendment applies to American citizens, except when *they think* it doesn't.
So let me get this straight. They've re-classified America as part of a "global battlefield" with the NDAA. Check. Tapped all telecommunications of all American citizens and those abroad with the Utah datacenter and many others. Check. Ordered 1.6 billion rounds of hollow point ammunition for the DHS after listening in on all of our conversations. Check. Some asshole politician in Washington is now pushing for a national mandate requiring all 18-25 year old American men and women to enlist in military service or equivalent public service. Check. Pushed for everything short of an all out gun grab. Check. The economy is being boosted by propaganda and heavily inflated stock prices without any improvements to the fundamentals. Check.
The entire American financial system is being held together by a confidence game, which itself is held together by mass ignorance, complacency, and a healthy dose of media propaganda. For better or worse, ANY conceivable threat to this utter Ponzi is a direct threat to the financial system itself. Ha. Fucking. HA. And now they're hoping to just *slide* these drone strike laws under the table so they can legally kill you while you're sitting in a Seattle Starbucks calling them out on their bullshit. This is what America has (painfully) become. This is the world we live in now, and it's the reason why you shouldn't be telling people to invest in Bitcoin unless you really know they're willing to stick with it through THIS Hell and back.
Because if Wall Street tries to fight our pesky little math problem, they'll not only fail, they'll quite likely lose their shirts in the process. **Or worse**.