@_author: miss_ubee
@_date: 2018-02-11 12:41:50
Aha! Now I have gotten to the bottom of this argument, it seems like you don’t have the right definition of the American dream. The American dream is about rising from the lowest social/financial/economic class to the highest one. You may call it the “rags-to-riches” concept! Formal education is optional, it’s a rise from abject poverty to extreme wealth!
On the other hand, Denmark enables everyone to rise from poverty to the middle class, which is a good thing, but thats not the American dream. The American dream is about the rise to significant wealth  (I mean 9, 10, 11 figure riches) and Denmark definitely doesn’t facilitate this type of  rise to wealth. Read the stories of Oprah Winfrey, Sylvester Stallone, Jay-Z, that’s what the American dream is about.
@_date: 2018-02-10 23:42:51
Bullshit! I have lived in Denmark, I worked there for 2 years as an expatriate, My income tax was over 50%. I had private health care from my company and the government taxed me on that too, even though I never received the money myself. Same thing for my rent and utility bills, my company paid that for me and the Danish government taxed me on it too. It was ridiculous!, I was very happy to leave that country.
Denmark isn’t the only country with free healthcare and education, there are many others with much lower taxes. I admire that Denmark takes good care of its citizens but its tax system is way too harsh for those who aspire to real wealth. And real wealth is what the American dream is about, this disqualifies Denmark.
@_date: 2018-02-11 05:57:39
No, my company did not shaft me by giving me private healthcare, I’m a “mobile” expatriate, I work in different countries and I have a single health insurance policy that covers me worldwide. I’ve also worked in countries in South America and Middle East etc, and my insurance covered me there too. This healthcare plan is one of the best perks of my job! I can travel anywhere and get the best treatment even if I am on vacation and even if it’s a pre-existing condition. 
So far I have worked in 9 countries and only Denmark made me pay tax on it, no other country did so because it’s not actual cash income for me. While in Denmark, there were some months that I made peanuts in net income because I had to pay income tax of ++50% AND on the little money I had left, I had to pay tax on all my company benefits that I didn’t receive in my income( ie healthcare , rent, bills etc). 
You mentioned thAt danish minimum wage is 60% higher than America, well that’s because the cost of living is also 60% higher than America’s. Anyway, I understand your faith in Denmark, it is a very lovely country, and I do admire the social system there, but it definitely does not fit the definition of the American dream, it just doesn’t!
@_date: 2018-02-10 23:14:00
And get clobbered by the ridiculous tax rates in Denmark?!, no thanks!