@_author: missingpoints
@_date: 2014-05-30 06:18:42
I doubt Tor is anonymous to intelligence agencies. Tor would never have been allowed to operate as it has if it wasn't monitored.
Quite honestly I think anything that uses electricity is susceptible to spying and is in all actuality being spied on.
Is cryptography sound? Yes. Is it ever actually implemented in a way that makes it "secure" as you might hope? No. This second fact is why intelligence agencies will always find a way. It might be technical, legal, or extralegal but they will find a way.
I would bet that just by looking at your power consumption someone in the world could determine which lights in your house were on given a blueprint and wiring information. The US and western powers have mastered the surveillance of electricity using devices.
Our only real possibility from a citizen's right perspective is to change the laws to make secret courts and laws illegal, and secondly to actually enforce the laws we do have which are currently clearly not being enforced as they are up to the discretion of prosecutors that are in on everything. Law enforcement and trials should occur when a law is broken regardless of who is to be tried or what the crime is.
Trying to hide from these entities is a pointless endeavor. We need to be in their face, up close and personal. That is an element they are unfamiliar with. Drag them out of the shadows and they flounder. It is the only way.
@_date: 2014-05-30 06:48:17
That depends on what you want to feel safe from.
Anyone who has worked in the security field long enough knows this one truth of security. Nothing is secure and all security is security through obscurity.
You are only as safe as your security budget because it allows you to require an adversary meet or exceed your security budget. Don't have enough money to hire a team of PhD mathematicians and engineers to build you an encryption system? Well, you're not safe from someone who does because those same people can be put to work defeating the system they created.
Security is nothing more than hiring bigger and more nerds and tough guys than the other guy can hire.
@_date: 2014-05-30 06:40:17
They have the ability to know if they need to. They would like to know but they don't have the storage capacity.. yet. Eventually they will know how burnt I like my toast, how long I shower, how often I have sex, and every other detail about me. If any of those details matches the pattern of a "terrorist" then I will be incarcerated or executed. The patterns will be derived from everyone before who turned out to be a "terrorist" in their eyes. Their lifetime data file will be flagged as a red pattern and added to the algorithm.
I hope you love your government because they are breeding a population that does and once critical mass is reached those that do not love the government will be eliminated from society.
I'm sure this sounds ridiculous to you. I'm sure it sounded ridiculous before when people like me tried to tell you that encryption was backdoored or that US intelligence agencies torture and murder innocent people.
@_date: 2014-05-30 06:33:27
You vastly underestimate network traffic analysis capabilities and the extent of intelligence agency access to global routing systems.
You vastly underestimate the ability of intelligence agencies to ruin someone's life if they do not comply or pose a threat.
Your example with Telus involves some local police department. Your laws apply to the world of public governance and policing. I guarantee you that Canadian intelligence agencies are reading absolutely every text message that is sent or received in Canada. If they aren't, then they are monitoring the US and then the US and Canada trade information. Not illegal to trade information with a foreign intelligence agency who is spying on your citizens, is it?
Regardless of if programming is free speech the moment your code involves any kind of communication it falls into a different realm. Free speech is carried on a medium, it is not the medium itself. Writing an encrypted E-mail or text program becomes a medium of communication and would no longer be considered free speech. It becomes a method of communication subject to wiretapping laws.