@_author: misterpothead
@_date: 2014-12-29 21:28:05
I haven't been into Bitcoin until recently when I head about Internet Currency. I was reading up on an article where you were allowed to Mine for your own Bitcoins &amp; also receive bitcoin tips from providing services that are applied based on the specific person's skills. I thought this was really cool. So from your own perspective I would like to know some of the flaws of having bitcoin? I know you don't want to defame your own company or anything, but it's something that usually should be addressed. If you don't feel comfortable with that question please answer this one if you would ever sell cards of bitcoin where you could essentially go to a store and sell your bitcoins and receive money from the store for a certain amount of bitcoins (each store could have their own value of what Bitcoin is worth) I like in a section of the US that isn't all that into the internet so this would be a very handy tool to have. 
@_date: 2014-12-29 22:04:03
Well it's a good thing I'm more tech Savvy than social. I heard about the story about a man that lost a lot of bitcoins that he had saved up on his computer and was accidently trashed. I was also wondering on the fact of how this affects the bit coin currency (Don't know if I'm using the right word for it Internet Inflation) If more people began to lose their currency because of the Cap that Bitcoin Currently has on their settings. Say more people began losing more of their bitcoins in freak accidents (Highly unlikely just like real money I would assume), but how does Bit coin go about taking this into account? 
Also thank you for explaining the flaws/drawbacks I understood that it was probably going to be more on internet Security than it was going to be on anything else. It seems like a very safe way of interacting with people besides having to be forced to use money every time(Which could be used for the more widely accepted usage of bills)
@_date: 2014-12-29 22:08:30
One last question on the factor of using Bitcoin. I know that gambling is "OUTLAWED" in a sense for larger groups or some laws mumbo jombo, but is it legal to use Bitcoin in gambling matches? I do not mean in online chat rooms or websites, but in person. Is this still considered gambling and be fined or some more mumbo jombo laws?
@_date: 2014-12-29 22:18:00
Good point... well time for me to pick up a book on learning to be a lawyer. I don't trust lawyers -.- Most seem scummy. I know it's Racist in a sense if a job description can be considered a race. Lol 
Thanks for the information it helped out a lot. Keep doing what you guys are doing you have my support. 