@_author: mistertito
@_date: 2014-12-27 03:49:34
I spend most of my time in If you see people taking shots at bitcoin, don't sweat it. Almost every bowl sponsor has shots taken at them in the game threads. It's just a matter of the saturation of advertising in college football. No sponsor is safe.
@_date: 2014-12-27 05:33:49
Announcers don't really go into much depth about what any sponsor is about during a bowl game. Most of them are restaurants and food products, sporting good companies, hotels and resorts, and then maybe banks, insurance and electronics companies for the larger games. 
Besides, you really don't want them to. The one time I heard them try to go into it they said something to the affect of "Bitcoin, the currency provided by Bitpay..."
@_date: 2014-12-27 07:32:39


Exactly. And that's usually how these sponsorships go. The more specific term is "title sponsor" meaning that they'll get their name in the title of the game. Like the All State Sugar Bowl or the Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl. It means that they spent the most money to sponsor the game. So during the broadcast you'll see a slew of commercials from that title sponsor, and most of the time a special greeting or thank you announcement from the sponsor towards the start of the game. (Sometimes, for the bigger games, there is more financial contribution for non-game team events like dinners and charity drives.)
But like you said, the game itself is still the game. That's the centerpiece of the presentation. The sponsor is in the background. Really, if you look at it, it's like the early days of TV broadcasting where TV shows were part of sponsored broadcasts like [Texaco Star Theater]( These bowl games still kind of work under that same idea.
Sorry if you knew all this and it comes across as condescending. 
@_date: 2014-12-27 07:07:40
As an outsider who follows college football way more than bitcoin, I just thought I'd say that the bitcoin community and Bitpay did a good job of promoting this bowl game. 
There was a lot of smarminess from the sports blogger twitterati over the course of the season about "bitcoin" sponsoring a bowl game. But, honestly, it came off no different than any other sponsor of any other bowl game. It fit and seemed like a natural sponsorship.
I imagine a lot of bitcoin supporters wanted it to stand out as something more than just a sponsorship, but really, coming across as regular fit for a sponsorship is a lot better than coming across as some kind of strange "curiosity" for the sports viewing world.
My impression is that the phase bitcoin is in now is more about branding and showing everyday usage. People know that bitcoin exists. But, there needs to be a honed message about practical use. The Bitpay commercials did an okay job of doing that, though it felt more "mantra-like" than showing practical examples. I expected commercials to make an appeal that bitcoin is something as easy or easier to use than something like ApplePay. Instead, it was more about "I accept bitcoin" without really hammering the benefits of the currency. That's probably my only critique, but perhaps that can be chalked up to Bitpay wanting to push the awareness of their service over an explanation of the use of the currency.
Like I said, I'm an outsider. I've got like some bitcoins in changetip from discussions over in and I've glancingly followed bitcoin for the last year or two just to see what's going on. But I'm not really invested. So take my opinions as you will.