@_author: misterinternet
@_date: 2016-10-25 22:03:04
So let's dig into this a bit more.
Using [This site]( we see that the estimated population for Iceland is ~333k. The area of Iceland is 103,000 km^2. Rough math says this is a density of ~3 people per km^2, but if you look at the map from [here]( it becomes pretty clear that there are vast swaths of fuck-all going on, with really only one major population centre centralized around Reykjavikurborg on that south western peninsula. When determining federal and even municipal/local governmental power and reach, this is really a best case scenario. You have a limited population, which is relatively [homogenous]( and is for the most part constrained by a limited geographical area. Sure there are concerns outside of the capital, but for the purpose of time and reader attention span, I'll limit this to the metropolitan area.
I think that's it's reasonable to say that because of the centralization of power and populous, many of the issues that would affect the populous greatly will draw the attention of multiple governmental bodies, which can for the most part act effectively and efficiently to respond. Concerns from different socioeconomic groups are moderated by the strong social safety resources that exist, and prevent conditions from getting too out of hand for large amounts of people. Even then, if the proverbial surstömming hits the fan, the fallout won't be in the millions, it will be in the thousands at most, and that is truly a manageable number by even a local magistrate or government.
The downside to this, is that you end up with a society that does not respond well, and is not necessarily capable of adjusting quickly to an influx of large numbers of new immigrants. For starters, where do you put them. As you might be able to guess from the map I posted up above, the relative habitable, and inhabited area is small. Of that, the rate of housing development, while at a recent [high]( is tiny. That amounts to just over .5% new build rate of existing homes, if we go off the numbers given by [skra.is]( You wouldn't be able to easily provide enough new homes for people, whithout rushing huge development projects, or seriously destabilizing the local markets (much like we're seeing in Vancouver... but that's the beside the point). There's also jobs, and economic factors that come into play. Iceland only has a [GDP]( of 16-17B USD currently, while the USA has a GDP of damn near [18Trillion]( There's a huge amount more wiggle room here, and the US economy is vastly more diversified in part to the massive population that it has (318M (Google)). What's interesting, and if you really want to see evidence of fluiditiy and capability of absorption, look at the population data on [Texas]( Florida, and California. Each of these states had increases of populations greater than what the population of Iceland has ever been, or going off of statistical estimates, will be for quite some time.
All this and more, goes into the reasoning behind why immigration laws are so strict for those looking to move to Iceland. They have a high level of average education, with virtually the entire population being [literate]( Again, virtually every child is given the chance to go to government run/funded [primary]( schools, as well as [secondary]( [schools]( and in [many]( cases [beyond](
Part of the purpose of immigration, and enticing people to emigrate from their home countries is to bolster the quality as well as the quality of your population. When there is a population that could already be said to be objectively 'high quality' (happy, healthy, smart, educated, literate, relatively wealthy...), it is to your advantage to make sure that anyone else looking to join you is of the same cut of person. To be crass, you don't let the riff-raff into your white tie event, just because it'll make them happy.
That got a bit out of hand, but it was a fun distraction from my actual research work... At the very least I feel that I learned just a little bit more about Iceland.
Maybe someone reads this, but maybe not. Cheers!
@_date: 2016-10-25 21:19:11
Yup. It's part of the reason that the US can take in so many refugees/immigrants/etc. We already have such a large size, that adding millions of people a year is... a small percentage and we can absorb it well enough. A country like Iceland? Well, social costs aside, just the proportionate value is already scaled down by a factor of 1000.
For every million people the US can take, Iceland can take 1000. Similar numbers for the rest of the scandis.
@_date: 2016-10-25 22:27:48
When I wrote that line I figured it would bring up a similar sentiment to this.
So, with the power of google, let's look at this objectively. I've got five minutes.
Using a right-wing [source]( we see that there have been ~100k somalis brought in since 9/11. In that time there have been, according to the [state department]( roughly 850k refugees brought in. I'm not sure I believe the Right-wing site, as the numbers don't seem to match up with the state dept, and these are things they tend to be fairly exact with.
Now, comparatively, the amount of other [immigrants]( blows that figure out of the water. We're looking at numbers that are anywhere from 10-15x as high, in terms of immigrants vs. refugees.
Still though, wen you compare that to the total population? It's nothing. Refugees? Even if you stacked all refugees into one year, that would be ~.3% of the US population. A rounding error.
The total immigrant population? Now you're looking at ~13-14% (see previous source).
I wouldn't worry too much about the refugees. It's the position as the US, to not only be the world leader in GDP(economic backbone), Military strength (world peace keeper, whether we want to be or not), world foreign aid leader (see colossal GDP and fantastically capable military), but to also take in those that we can.
This is not to say that we should open the flood gates. The US also has limits on what the local populations and infrastructure can support. In some cases, investment into these areas has gone woefully underfunded, and we are seeing things like major bridges falling into rivers (Minneapolis I think?) and lead in ancient water systems not capable of handling changes in ph (Flint MI).
If you want to do something about it, encourage your leaders to contribute to foreign aid and rebuilding local infrastructures at home for these countries, so that they can enrich their own lives, and not want to come here. To put it succinctly and very deliciously, watch this video  
@_date: 2016-10-25 20:10:10
Because it's a small country, with limited resources. While we see it as some utopian Narnia, they would be unable to handle a torrent of immigrants who would flock there.