@_author: mistertuyul002
@_date: 2015-01-25 08:39:47
1. What is CoinsDouble?
CoinsDouble is an online investment platform. It has been established by a group of professional traders and skilled analysts with valuable experience in the sphere of crypto-currency.
2. What is your main advantage?
CoinsDouble has turned online investing into a very comfortable, speedy and easy process. One of our strongest advantages over competitors is that we provide insurance in investing funds. We also offer our clients with best management as well as risk control system to ensure that their funds are being handled efficiently and they are getting higher levels of safety.
3. Who can invest in CoinsDouble?
Anyone, from all over the world can become an investor. We provide investment vehicles to investors of all sizes interested in being part of the revolutionary bitcoin and crypto tech world.
4. Do you charge any fee for providing your investment services?
No, we do not charge any fee.
5. Are you protected against DDoS attacks?
Yes, we are using the strongest DDoS protection in the industry with 100% up-time guarantee. Our worldwide web servers are protected by CloudFlare, the world's largest and most trusted DDoS protection and mitigation provider.
Investment Questions
6. What investment plans do you offer?
We offer one high profit investment plan: 100% profit after 100 hours (200% total return).
7. How is the profit achieved?
As previously mentioned, we are the group of professional traders and skilled analysts with valuable experience in the sphere of cryptocurrency. All transactions in the cryptocurrency market are carried out according to an elementary principle: buy at a lower price, sell at a higher. And, vice versa, respectively - sell at a higher price, buy a lower. Due to the variability of the exchange rate, we make a great profit on this difference.
8. Why don’t you accept fiat currency?
We accept cryptocurrency only, because this is the best way to avoid high transaction costs, allowing small investors to participate.
9. Which cryptocurrencies do you accept?
We currently accept over 4 different types of cryptocurrency: Bitcoin, Dogecoin, Litecoin and Paycoin.
10. How to make my first investment?
Step 1. Choose a Cryptocurrency
Step 2. Set up your Payout Address
Step 3. Make an Investment
If you want to change the cryptocurrency or set up another address for payouts, click on the logo.
11. How long does it take for my investment to be added?
Once your transaction is confirmed (it takes from 10 minutes to 1 hour to get confirmation from the network), your investment will appear. Please be patient. Contact our customer support if your investment is missing after 1 hour.
12. Can I make additional deposits to the addresses given in the third step?
Yes, there is no limitation. You can make as many deposits as you want to the addresses given in the third step.
13. Why is my deposit amount underlined different to payout amount?
Underlined amount means that you can see the transaction id of the payment by clicking on it. The deposit transaction id is available when you made an investment. The payout transaction id will be available after processing of the payout.
14. 100 hours have passed, when will you process a payout?
The payout usually takes around 10 minutes. In some cases the payout could be delayed up to 12 hours, because we need to refill the hot wallet of the cryptocurrency.
Contact Questions
15. How can I contact you?
If you have any problems or further questions, you are most welcome to contact us using our friendly customer support. 
@_date: 2015-01-25 05:58:55
you want to get more BITC? you want to get more DOGE? you want to get more LTC? you want to get more XPY?
i'm just share, this is LEGIT! PAID! Double your COIN only in 100 HOUR, this site opened a week ago , let's check this out http: //tinyurl. com/ phoxjqn
remove space on link :)
