@_author: mister_slfdest
@_date: 2014-11-24 09:54:29
I only negotiate with the best looking ones! 
@_date: 2014-11-23 15:51:42


Yes I also think 5-HT is the wrong target here; and there are so many variables. In fact, in my opinion "depression" doesn't mean much. It is a blanket term for mental suffering and there are so many variants of said suffering; ideally, in a sci-fi sort of way, mental illness would be diagnosed (in part) by doing a full CNS scan of most neurotransmitters and then designing a drug and psychological treatment around those findings.
Could you elaborate on your hypothesis that depression is a symptom of pain... Did you mean physical pain in particular ? I can see it happening both ways, as in, mental suffering leads to somatic symptoms and somatic symptoms cause mental suffering.
@_date: 2014-11-23 12:25:27
While your field may have been clinical pharmacology it certainly wasn't neurology or psychiatry. 
Good job though on buying into the idea that opiates are only good for one thing and are dangerous. 
Sure they have no shortage of time and money to market a PAH drug (sildenafil) as an ED drug/placebo though.
@_date: 2014-11-23 11:22:27
For real
@_date: 2014-11-23 15:34:02


I am sorry to inform you that most psychoactive drugs on the market have sky high abuse potential as well, except maybe SSRIs because they do nothing or what they do is not desirable. 
So basically what you are implying here is that you'd rather let people be in mental pain instead of administering them (temporarily) with something that could ease it ? In the name of "potential addiction" prevention ? You sir are a sadist.
@_date: 2014-11-23 11:54:10
And this is why I said the pharmaceutical companies should use their imagination for once and not pop out yet another SSRI.
Actually target receptors that matter, not some random 5-HT receptor mix.
They should focus more research on opiate receptors; so as to have a more refined, less addictive, and long term way of modulating them.
But for now people will have to keep self-harming (another way to increase endorphins), abuse various opiates, until big pharma decides there is enough $$$ to be made and that SSRIs are now old hat and fail for a lot of people.
EDIT: Tramadol is similar to venlafaxine, more of an SNRI than a true opiate. 
@_date: 2014-11-23 13:52:49
Heroin? you cite the worst case scenario, as if every opioid user is actually using heroin.
In any case I am done debating with someone who is obviously close minded.
@_date: 2014-11-23 15:19:42
@_date: 2014-11-23 12:45:32
Since you decide to stick to the party-line of *managing pain*; can we not agree that psychiatric patients are defacto in great mental (and often somatic) pain ? 
In which case doesn't that make the occasional use of opioids in psychiatry acceptable ? 
Studies I have seen so far when it comes to psychiatric patients have been very misguided (some psychiatrist called them "torture") experiments with naloxone which only worsened the patient's state.
On the other hand I have seen studies using carfentanil on a psychiatric population with a hard to treat condition (you can google which), which demonstrated significant improvement in symptoms; the underlying theory was that said patients had a chronic subnormal amount of betaendorphins.


Actually that is not true; I know several people who take Sildenafil for PAH. Managed to increase their SpO2 a few points that way I recall; and if they are not turned on they don't get an erection, but yes their erection is then rock solid for a while.
@_date: 2014-11-23 10:18:25
Only in America....
That said, I find myself having to go around seducing pharmacists and female doctors to get all the stuff I want. (european socialist country) but it is still free either way.
@_date: 2014-11-23 15:29:30
There are some psychiatric disorders that respond very poorly or at all to conventional psych drugs, be it benzos, SSRIs/SNRIs, APs, dont get me start about Z-drugs either, and all of them have addictive potential similar to that of opiates (despite manufacturer claims) and potentially more side effects (long QT being the one that prevents me from taking almost any of them, aside benzos and melatonin agonists like agomelatine). 
Surely there has to be something else that could help such people.
One of the studies I was talking about focused on BPD and opiates  (this is a copy/paste of the original abstract, since it is now a dead link) 
but I have seen many others if you dig enough into various reputable medical sites; granted they are small cohorts but my discussions with depressive friends (some of them FORMER heroin addicts) has led me to believe opioid receptors are of great importance in many mental illnesses.
@_date: 2014-11-23 20:42:34
The reason I refer to it as "placebo" is that I see too many young guys taking it who probably don't really need it.
@_date: 2014-11-23 10:30:07
Opiates and some illegal psychoactives would offer great promise in psychiatry in complex cases.
Research THC? LSD? Various opiates in treatment of mood disorders ? NOPE! All you get is another SSRI/SNRI. Come on labs! use your imagination! I know you have some when it comes to rebranding a pulmonary hypertension drug to be an erectile dysfunction "placebo" (Viagra) ! NOT EVERYTHING CAN BE FIXED WITH AN SSRI.
Personally I have attempted self medicating depression with codeine and it did improve my mood and especially temporarily fixed my social anxiety. Sadly I grew tolerant to it; but it did help me get over a break up.
DISCLAIMER: I am not advocating using opiates to fix your particular psychiatric problems; my depression and anxiety are complex and made even more complex by other health issues that make most antidepressants on the market potentially dangerous for me to take (long QT)
@_date: 2014-11-23 15:19:29
I know that, running my own freelance business, and getting paid in dollars I keep getting shafted by bank fees, currency conversion, waiting for transfers...
I have tried to convince my clients to pay me in BTC instead, no dice; I still get shafted by Paypal and/or my bank and since this is a small business this does eat into my bottom line.
So BTC or something like it would be a game changer for me if clients were to accept using it.
@_date: 2014-11-23 19:09:28
No, maybe I should
@_date: 2014-11-23 12:09:53
Excuse me, but you keep talking about opiates as analgesics; this is relevant in pain management indeed but is only a tiny subset of the effects of opiates and certainly is of little importance in the treatment of psychiatric illness.
It does work, I have seen it work, on friends and on myself (both with specific conditions that made traditional antidepressants unsafe or ineffective), as I said the effects do not last thus why I am frustrated at pharmaceutical labs not doing their job, which is to create new drugs to meet a need. Creating magic drugs is their job.
You sir failed to read my disclaimer, where I specifically explained that I do not endorse opiate use as a way to treat a psychiatric illness; and I also explain that at the end of the day they were almost the only thing left for me to try short of going completely illegal or taking medications with, in my case, dangerous side effects. 
@_date: 2014-11-23 16:39:06
I see.
Well it has been an interesting and unexpected conversation.
Thank you sir but I must get going.
@_date: 2014-11-23 11:39:27
Yet many psychiatric patients report "feeling normal" after some low-medium dose use of opiates.
There are studies out there (you can google it for yourself) that demonstrate by means of fMRIs that some psychiatric illnesses involve a deficit in opiate/endorphine function.
EDIT: Opiates have historically long being used as part of psychiatric treatment; until big pharma claimed that glorified anti-histamines (SSRIs) were amazing.