@_author: misteryouaresodumb
@_date: 2013-11-20 16:30:53
As the market expands, previous trends become less and less accurate. Be careful basing decisions off past tendencies, as the market demand and price drastically alter the way the market reacts to situations.
@_date: 2013-11-22 07:21:45
Mr. Bernanke,
I suppose I should have been more precise in my sarcastic reply. $71 trillion is the gross world product. So saying it was the total capitalization of the world was wrong. Total global capital flows are estimated at around $300 trillion. 
So let's say we compare the hypothetical market capitalization of the maximum number of bitcoins at $44 million each, to the entire capital flow of the world. Well $924 trillion is over 3 times that number, making the likelihood of Bitcoin reaching that level slightly less than certain. 
Let's say that we magically reach the $44 million per Bitcoin valuation within a years time. That would be around 12 million total BTC in circulation. That puts us at a much more reasonable $528 trillion market capitalization. That's less than twice the entire world's total capital flows. Perhaps if we asked the ToTheMoon dude his thoughts, he might agree that Bitcoin could reach almost double the worlds capital flow in a year. I'd give it a lower chance; perhaps 50/50.
But why are we comparing Bitcoin to all capital flows, instead of the world's leading currency? Shouldn't we compare currency to currency? Well as of July 2013, there is a total of around $10.5 trillion in US dollars in existence. That's just slightly less than $528 trillion, and a few ticks under $924 trillion.
Perhaps we should compare it to gold. The total estimated value of all the gold mined in human history is $8.2 trillion. Obviously not all of that is in reserves, but I think that number is even less than $10.5, if my math is right.
Let's say I am really stupid, and my reference numbers are all off. Because if I am really honest with myself, I am either really stupid or just a little stupid. Are we really talking about between $525 and $925 trillion dollars in Bitcoins in a non-sarcastic manner?
@_date: 2013-11-21 19:00:32
As the market expands, the same amount of bitcoin will be in the hands of many more people. If the market capitalization reaches high enough, most people will not be trading even close to a whole coin. Then volatility will go down, as it will take a larger number of people to move the same amount of volume in a given time period.
This is a really cool thing to study, if nothing other than to learn about how rapidly increasing demand can affect market trends. A ponzie scheme has an inevitable end. Bitcoin is all up to the free market. It could end in the same fashion, or it could grow and stabilize. One thing is for sure, the shift in mindset it has brought will last for a long time.
@_date: 2013-11-20 17:19:12
No, it's ARPANET. There's going to be a lot of CSNETs and NSFNETs before we see the internet. Bitcoin is merely the first cryptographic currency to gain acceptance.
We can use analogies all day long. My point is that there is nothing about bitcoin that cannot be duplicated and improved upon to create the next big cryptographic currency. It very well could keep the market dominance for a long time to come. However, to not admit the fact that there are no guarantees for that, is a mistake.
@_date: 2013-11-20 16:58:00
Bitcoin is where it is at right now because it was the first. What makes people put their stake in it long term, when there are alternatives like Litecoin and Peercoin? What prevents someone from taking the Bitcoin algorithm, improving it and streamlining it? What is preventing Bitcoin from becoming Myspace, where another currency will become Facebook?
I see a lot of people making arguments for the sustainability of Bitcoin, by applying benefits the come with any crytographic currency. That would be like arguing that Altavista is going to be the biggest thing in the world, because search engines are revolutionary. Well Altavista is no more, and Google dominates. So what makes Bitcoin Google, and not Altavista?
@_date: 2013-11-20 16:45:16
This is about the time when trends get interesting. The market demand is expanding at a rapid pace, and with people who have little market experience. This means that trends will be exaggerated, and emotions will dictate fluctuations more than logic. Someone with the knowledge of macro-social trends can make a killing if they have the liquidity to capitalize on it. They could even cause the market fluctuations themselves if they had enough capital. People looking at past trends to try and extrapolate future ones are going to have some surprises ahead of them.
@_date: 2013-11-20 18:00:21
By first, I mean first one to gain major adoption. My point is that things are going to change as it becomes more popular, and the bigger players start to get involved. We cannot predict the next 4 years based on the last 4 years, as the people involved in the market are vastly different. It could very well be the biggest thing for a long time. Hell, I even purchased some, and may purchase more. It's going to be an interesting ride.
@_date: 2013-11-20 16:51:21
China knew what they were doing. They knew their currency was overinflated, and needed to maintain a level of demand for building materials to justify it. It was a calculated plan, not a mistake.
@_date: 2013-11-20 21:40:20
Good luck finding someone in Phoenix that will do 5% over market. It's hard enough even finding someone that will sell to you at all. By the time they meet up with you, the market has fluctuated, and you are still paying 15-20% over the corrected price. And some of them use Gox as the market price, so it's inflated already as it is.
@_date: 2013-11-20 16:41:35
For 20% or more over the highest market price. Volatility is making that option not very useful at this point in time. Eventually the market is going to need to decide if this is a currency or a commodity. It can't be both.
@_date: 2013-11-22 02:19:28
That would be a market capitalization of $924 trillion once we reach 21 million bitcoins. The current total capitalization of the entire planet is only $71 trillion.
Seems plausible.
@_date: 2013-11-20 17:02:40
I have no doubt that market manipulation is happening right now. I am watching the trends and can see it. Will demand grow fast enough and smart enough to smooth that out? Or is an entity going to throw enough capital at it to force the market to do what it wants? We've entered into a big what-if situation. I could see Bitcoin expanding and dominating for a while. However, I would not be the least bit surprised if it all comes crashing down very soon. It's all speculation at this point.
@_date: 2013-11-20 17:10:54
I completely agree. There's a lot of speculative money in it now, though. I don't see volatility decreasing enough for it to be a currency any time soon. People want to make a quick buck, and will throw their beliefs under the bus to do it.
Crytographic currencies are here to stay. There is no doubt about that. Will it be Bitcoin that becomes the most useful? I have my doubts.
@_date: 2013-11-22 17:53:46
It's interesting that you make value judgements on the manner in which I think, based off statements so heavily draped in sarcasm, a toddler with Asperger's would recognize them. I do not really think I am stupid, nor am I attempting to define Bitcoin by "platonically" categorizing it and narrowing its competition down unnecessarily. I was merely giving some lighthearted perspective on the matter by comparing it to not only the world's largest currency, but one of the largest commodities and the entire capital flow of the planet.
Perhaps I should have compared it to bananas to have avoided constraining myself to such a linear thought process. Maybe I should have thought of Bitcoin's expansion as more of a pouring of liquid mercury onto an electrically charged hot plate. It's market penetration correlating to the size and shape of the resulting puddle. But as you said, I am too simple-minded to understand fluid dynamics, or arbitrarily relate aspects of it to cryptographic currency.
Perhaps I should have misused words like "obfuscate" to try and sway readers into thinking I know what I am talking about. Because it is true, most of my discussions are merely the incoherent ramblings of a narrow-minded fool. I do find it hard to conceptualize exponential eventualities; especially as they are a happening right before my eyes. I much prefer the safety of my own ignorance.
So you are correct, there is no way my feeble mind can imagine a world where each BTC is worth $44 million. I wasn't just adding a little light-hearted perspective to the discussion. I am actually physically incapable of imagining that scenario in my brain.
Good talk.
@_date: 2013-11-20 16:36:02
I believe that is what he was insinuating. That Bitcoin is going to put up a good fight, but will eventually be overtaken. The, "hold no matter what" mindset is the same mindset the Spartans had when facing the Persians. That is an awesome way to look at it if you are defending your home. It's not so awesome of a mindset if you are investing in a commodity/currency.
@_date: 2013-11-20 17:40:37
My pleasure.
@_date: 2013-11-20 17:21:28
At this very moment in time, I agree with you. Trends can shift faster than you can blink, though. I'll be watching with interest, that is for sure.