@_author: mister_impossible
@_date: 2013-12-09 21:13:47
But according to [Bank of America's terms of Service]( there is no way to reverse an online transfer once it's happened:
A 1-time immediate transfer to another Bank of America customer using the recipient's account number cannot be cancelled after it has been submitted in Online Banking. A transfer submitted through the Email/Mobile Transfer Network Service may not be cancelled once the recipient has registered.
Future-dated and recurring transfers can be canceled prior to midnight ET on the bank business day prior to the date the transfer is scheduled to be made. If the transfer's status is In Process or Processed, you can no longer cancel it. After you cancel a future-dated transfer, the status changes to Canceled. Canceled transfers remain under Review Transfers."
@_date: 2013-12-09 22:11:13
Why would they allow that, I wonder?
@_date: 2013-12-09 21:12:44
I don't know about UK laws, but in the US, that won't work.
@_date: 2013-12-09 21:00:16
how is a transfer easily reversible?  is that really the reason?  so for instance, i'm a landlord, and my tenant pays her rent by transferring money to me on the first of every month.  are you saying that at any time she can call and ask them to reverse the transfer?  how is that possible?  what if i've already withdrawn the cash?
Edit: according to [Bank of America's terms of Service]( there is no way to reverse an online transfer once it's happened:
A 1-time immediate transfer to another Bank of America customer using the recipient's account number cannot be cancelled after it has been submitted in Online Banking. A transfer submitted through the Email/Mobile Transfer Network Service may not be cancelled once the recipient has registered.
Future-dated and recurring transfers can be canceled prior to midnight ET on the bank business day prior to the date the transfer is scheduled to be made. If the transfer's status is In Process or Processed, you can no longer cancel it. After you cancel a future-dated transfer, the status changes to Canceled. Canceled transfers remain under Review Transfers."