@_author: misterblack8
@_date: 2013-03-30 00:38:25
I have been a professional gambler for over four years of my life. As much as this offer would be attractive to me (I've been looking to getting into bitcoin poker), even I can't touch this one.
You've crossed the [Threshold of Misery]( Seriously, go read that link. All you can think about is getting it back. Please, take a moment to realize that you can't get even. You ARE even, right now, because your bankroll is what is is at the start of your next bet.
And the "Games that require skill like poker preferred over luck (dice). " line the end is outright distressing. There are three, and precisely three, ways to win money at conventional gambling:
* Sports betting, if you know something most people don't
* Blackjack, if you can count cards
* Poker, if you are playing against worse players than yourself.
The fact that you didn't make it clear that you won't accept a dice player means that you're most likely a problem gambler. Take a breath, take a break, and for your own protection, take in a [GA meeting]( 
@_date: 2013-04-04 19:40:51
The people who prefer bitcoin almost entirely do so because the distrust one big institution (federal governments, etc.). If you think MtGox falling (if it does, it'll be from a source that won't blame bitcoin...it won't fail on its own) will make the monetary survivalists collapse into depression, I think you're seriously underestimating the adaptability of the bitcoin community. 
Again, you're trying to scare people. Stop that.
@_date: 2013-04-04 18:36:26
Shame on the OP. "Too Big To Fail" does not have any applicable connection to MtGox. Stop trying to scare everyone.
Banks fail because they take gambles. That's what a loan is: I'm betting the amount of the loan to "win" the interest that the loanee will pay. 
MtGox is a dependable business, they recieve a steady stream on income for the service provided. They do not have any liabilities anywhere a bank's books. And, if it does go down for other reasons (someone firebombs the servers or something), another exchange will happily take its place. You might as well be campaigning against eBay. Have you ever campaigned against eBay?
(BTC Guild has a slight parallel, but it isn't catastrophic; a fork happened recently and the entire BTC community responded and handled it. Then again, if you're so worried about it, try to convince the miners already in that pool to switch pools or partition themselves, instead of assuming they're a monolith that cannot be destroyed, only responded to.)