@_author: mith_pilgrim
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:26:58
So, to pay for programs designed to help all people equally, correct?
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:20:43
Depends on the mechanism for the wage increase. If it's money out of "thin air," so to speak, it does hurt the poor, because inflation makes the value of their money worth less.
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:02:02
Sorry for the delay--I'm writing this from work.
A rich person can buy his own road, pay for his own security, pay to put out his own fires. They, in fact, often do. Richer people have better fire extinguishing systems, hire private security forces, and pay for higher quality/faster transport systems (eg: private jets).
A poor person cannot afford these things, but society knows that they are necessary to function, so everyone pools their money together in order to pay for these things. Since a guy making $10/hr can't afford to build the road, his contribution is outmatched by someone making $1000/hr, even though that road benefits the poor person as much, if not more than, the rich one. In essence, this is wealth redistribution, since they both get equal benefit but do not contribute equal amounts.
This has obviously been corrupted some--see the US's crumbling infrastructure (levy's breaking, pipeline-contaminated water, etc). But, that's how taxes are supposed to work (in a vacuum).
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:53:22
This is what a tax system is *supposed* to do.
There have been times where the uber rich were taxed at 90%
@_date: 2017-12-06 21:07:31
Thanks for posting this. Obviously, the former Chairman of the Fed discussing bitcoin is super-relevant to this subreddit, and I hope this post gains momentum.
 As people have stated: Greenspan is an idiot, and is largely responsible for the 90's stock bubble as well as the 2008 housing bubble. I highly recommend the documentary "Money for Nothing" to anyone interested in learning about him. It's on Netflix.
This video really showcases some of the gaps in his thinking as well. Like his quote "You cannot tell me that you can create, out of nothing, something which has a medium of exchange value." 
What does he think *money* is? The Federal Reserve's entire purpose is to create US dollars out of thin air (and require that more dollars than are printed be paid back).
Does he think that, because BTC is digital rather than physical, it has no value? A strange thought, given that &gt;85% of US dollars are digital. 
Only difference is that 1)BTC can't be inflated and 2) BTC isn't controlled by a central banking system (or is at least not *primarily* controlled by one).
My guess is he, being another Ayn Randian zealot of the US economy, believes that the USD has inherent value because it's American, at that BTC has no real value because it competes with the Fed.
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:17:21
What do you consider the purpose of taxes?
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:23:44
Why elaborate? I'm sorry, I was trying to keep things simple as to be clear.
I was generalizing taxes to all tax systems--a progressive tax system and a wealth tax system are both be mechanisms for wealth redistribution. They aren't the same, but they have the same goal--pool money to be used for the general populace.
I'm confused about the "pay for what you use" system, though. If the rich only use and pay for jets, and the poor only use but can't afford the road, how do people get around?
@_date: 2017-12-07 20:40:13
My point was more than taxes are *supposed* to help normalize the playing field and curb the issue of the largest gains going to those with the most money, as the comment I was replying to was referencing. Taxes *should* help those with the least money gain the most, and make those with the most money gain the least (but still gain).
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:47:07
I think rich people will pay extra to use roads not accessible by the poor. Remember, I'm using 'road' as an illustrative example of a resource. The fact that private jets and first class seating exist are evidence that the rich will pay to separate themselves from the poor (ie: not use the same road)
Also, Walmart isn't *a* person. It's a grouping of people (ie: a corporation). "Walmart" doesn't use the road--the truck drivers that work for Walmart use the road. My understanding is that you're saying that the truck drivers should pay for the road, but that the IT guy (who works from home), should not. I'm sorry if I'm misunderstanding what you mean.
Also, any time there is a fiscal transaction, money (ie: wealth) is redistributed, correct? Tax is a transaction--the fact that it's a mechanism for wealth redistribution is inherent.
@_date: 2017-12-07 23:21:47
I think I may be missing your point. Remember that I'm defending that taxes are supposed to be a mechanism for wealth redistribution.
Try to keep in mind that Amazon is not a singular entity--it's a grouping of people (that is the definition of *corporation* or *company*, is it not?). To say that Amazon has to pay for something is really saying that the grouping of people that compose Amazon are paying for something. In the case here, the people paying are most probably the shareholders of Amazon.
So, if "Amazon" is paying for the road, what is happening is shareholders (the rich, since 80% of the stock market is owned by the wealthiest 10%) are paying for it, correct? But the rich themselves are not using the road--it's still the truck driver.
And, since the truck driver is benefiting from something he is not contributing to, the tax is functioning as a form of wealth redistribution in the favor of the truck driver (the poor).
Now, I'm not a fan of a VAT system. That's because, as mentioned, the purpose of a tax system is to redistribute wealth in order to benefit society, and I don't think that it best accomplishes that purpose.