@_author: miymusashi
@_date: 2016-08-07 18:42:44
^ This.  I'm "older" as well and concur completely. I approach everything as if it is a scam. Some things aren't technically scams but are legitimate business models designed fleece you so it is still beneficial to view them as predatory. Banks, Credit Card companies, car dealers, the grocery store etc. - all of them have honed their systems over the decades to suck as much money out of you as possible. Another thing I've learned over the years is to no jump into an idea too quickly. Be patient and approach things cautiously. I wouldn't transfer that much money via btc with my first or second transaction. In fact, I probably would have broken it up in pieces using different avenues to mitigate the risk. 
BTC is a completely different mindset. One that, being older, is difficult to adjust to. Being 100% responsible for the security of you wealth is a strangely foreign idea to most older people (perhaps the younger generation as well - I don't know). When something goes wrong we usually just complain to someone with some authority and they fix it. BTC doesn't work that way. You can't trust anyone really. And that includes Apple as well. 
But, pontificating after someone's loss is easy to do. Doling out advice after the fact doesn't help recover the loss either. I hope you are able to recover the btc. Either way it will be a learning experience - like it or not.
@_date: 2016-08-14 19:16:51
That's quite a yield on DASH.
@_date: 2017-12-19 19:41:55
That is correct. It gets complicated due to the multiple variables involved. Many people "lose" money because they are in Alts when BTC makes a run. The Alts tend to be stagnant or drop when BTC moves up significantly. So, relative to BTC you've lost value even though you may have gained value in $ terms in the Alts. It's an opportunity cost. You have to decide whether you're trying to maximize your $$ or your BTC. Most of the Alt traders are trying to maximize BTC and only look at the relative value between BTC and the ALT. General rule is that if BTC is moving sideways get into alts. If BTC starts making a run up get out of alts and into BTC. Usually when BTC drops the alts will drop as well due to some sort of overall crypto FUD or something (but not always). Of course it all sounds obvious but doing it in practice is pretty difficult.
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:22:40


Did I miss that fork? So many happening it's hard to keep track of.
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:01:54
Yes, for the most part old valve (tube) equipment is point to point wiring (no circuit boards) and tubes. Very resistant to EMP.
@_date: 2017-08-26 00:50:03
Well, being a business owner I understand how many can view it that way. Doesn't negate the fact that costs have to be covered. About the only way to do that is to raise prices. Are you saying that if the credit card processing industry costs rise and they risk becoming unprofitable that they aren't going to examine raising their price?
As for rewards those are an illusion at the aggregate level. An individual can take advantage of them but they are still paid for by socializing the cost over all consumers. Do you really believe that your rewards are free?
Consumer protection is another matter. One that I have had some difficulty adjusting to and one that is at the heart of the issue of decentralization. Protection implies that a third party exists to supply it. It implies some level of coddling. Coddling results in excess risk taking. We learned that in the 2008 financial debacle here in the US. Both banks and consumers were coddled by the "protection" agencies. Agencies that failed miserably to protect them in the first place. Now, banks know they can take risks with highly leveraged financial instruments and get away with it for the most part. Consumers know they can over leverage their house and, in the end, walk away without paying much of a price.
The government socializes the losses amongst everyone. Including those that behaved responsibly and shouldn't have to pay for it. So, yes, I am willing to give up some coddling in order to have a more accurate assessment of risk for all transactions in the economy. Are you more careful when sending your bitcoin to another wallet or when using your credit card? 
@_date: 2017-08-01 18:26:54
I don't think you're wrong. The signature campaigns are what cause the problems over there. Bunch of meaningless comments and threads usually. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 22:21:22
@_date: 2017-08-21 20:27:58
Ham radio constructed with tubes would be perfect.
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:04:50
There are real estate scams running constantly on a smaller scale. Plenty of get rich quick BS out there. Regulation does not stop scams. It does, however, encourage people to take more risk when they know they will get bailed out if they are scammed. The cost of bailing them out is just socialized so it's less painful. But, it's a huge cost. Probably larger than if there were no regulation.
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:04:33
The consumer always pays for everything, whether directly or indirectly. Most of the time all costs are socialized amongst all customers so it is far less painful. This has been done for so long that the average consumer just assumes the price they pay is only for product. If all costs were not covered the business would, of course, go out of business. The exception being those entities such as the OP mentioned that can socialize their costs utilizing the taxpayer. But, that's another story. At least with BTC the costs you are incurring are more transparent.
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:15:11
"economic monsters"
Not too sure that sounds beneficial.
@_date: 2017-11-03 18:27:19
It's not wrong but I personally don't use it to calculate my fees. Most of my transactions have gone through within a few blocks with around 60 satoshis per byte. It wasn't like that a few months ago but it has been over the last month.
@_date: 2017-11-09 03:49:41
Not in Iota.
@_date: 2016-02-09 01:50:52
The whole problem with using bitcoin in the remittance process is moving back into the local currency easily and with low fees. Many of the people I would send money to do not have a bank account so they have to collect at a money changer. Once all the fees are taken into account in terms of buying the bitcoin, sending it, and then converting back to local currency it's more expensive than other services. Hopefully the process will get cheaper and more efficient in the near future.
@_date: 2016-02-09 01:39:57
What business was it that charged 11%?
@_date: 2016-02-13 23:51:39
Thanks! I was planning on using Cebuana Lhuillier as well. I don't always want to send a big chunk of money there and would like to be able to send $5 or so with minimal fee. For a couple bucks I could still send $10 and it would be so bad. I wonder if all Cebuana Lhuillier handle Rebit?
@_date: 2017-09-08 17:50:19
Would get really interesting if they decide to ban mining. Or, at least, the larger mining operations that they can find. You know...that guy...
@_date: 2017-10-16 17:29:52
Because I have dollars. I spend those instead. If I only had BTC then I would spend it. Certainly not frivolously but I would spend it. What choice would I have if I want to live my life. I just went on a vacation and stayed longer than I would have because of the appreciation of BTC over the last six months. I only spent dollars but it was really the BTC that caused me to take a longer vacation. I would have spent some BTC if someone would have taken it but that's another matter. I think you're implying that no one would spend BTC if goods keep depreciating relative to it. Personally I don't think that's true. People would spend less for sure but someone is always buying at the margin. And that would be a good thing in my mind. Let the economy go through a painful adjustment. It needs it. The "economy will collapse in a deflationary death spiral" narrative is just BS in my opinion. Most economies are consumer based now which I think is a bad thing. Deflation is not good for a consumer based economy. So, politicians and the financial community push the "buy, buy, buy" mind set. George Bush II told Americans in 2007, "...we must also work together to achieve important goals for the American people here at home. This work begins with keeping our economy growing. … And I encourage you all to go shopping more." Sad. They encourage it through credit expansion.
@_date: 2017-10-16 20:17:22
My vacation was longer because of the wealth effect - not inflationary or deflationary expectations. You're hyper focused on a deflationary death spiral. If everyone felt the same as you no one would ever buy BTC during a dip because they would expect it to keep dropping and be cheaper tomorrow. That just isn't the case. Someone is always buying at the margin. Deflation does not have to continue until there is complete economic collapse. Japan has muddled through for a few decades now. Keynesian economics has been taught as gospel for decades now and it shows. Other economic views such as the Austrian school of thought see things differently.
Don't get me wrong, I agree with you in that it would be best if everyone use BTC rather than solely hodl it, but in the speculative investment environment we currently live in everyone is chasing higher returns. Eventually BTC price will stabilize and maybe then it will be more useful as a currency. When that will be - who knows.
@_date: 2017-10-23 20:26:40
Good. It's nice that, for once, the youngin's will have to try to figure out a meme rather than the other way around.  
@_date: 2017-10-15 16:39:33
I used to wait to buy the newest PC back in the mid 1980's. Every 6 months a new, better one would come out. Most people I knew did the same. I would only wait so long though. Then I would buy. Didn't seem to hurt the growth of the computer industry any over the last 30 years. 
@_date: 2016-07-01 23:46:51
I've mostly given up talking to people about economics or even any ideology in general. This, despite the fact that I spent 7 years studying it in college. Of course, most economic theory taught in schools is outdated anyway. 
I think it was Mike Tyson that said "everyone has a plan until they get punched in the face." I've modified that slightly to, "everyone has an ideology until reality punches them in the face." I'm old enough to have had it happen to me a few times already. You think you've got things all figured out and then reality punches you in the face and busts out a couple teeth and you have no choice but to reconsider your belief system. I'm a lot more open minded now than when I was younger and usually just nod my head and smile when someone parrots old worn out ideas to me. 
@_date: 2017-06-15 00:12:36
I think the issue is a little more difficult than most are making it seem. It's really an expansion of Civil Forfeiture. So, let's say you're a US citizen at the airport leaving the US on vacation and Customs asks if you control more than $10k in crypto. You say no. In reality you own a bunch but you've memorized the seed to your wallet so no way they'll ever get it. Of course they already know you own crypto because they track everything you do. All the KYC/AML stuff out there makes it obvious in most cases. 
Then they know you're lying. With civil forfeiture that lie gives them the authority to take ALL your assets not just your crypto (which they can't actually get). So, if you own a house they can confiscate it. Bank accounts? Confiscated. You save your $15k in crypto but lose your $600k house and bank accounts? Not a good trade off.
So, do you tell the truth when they ask or lie? If you tell the truth they can confiscate everything as well. So, it's a no win situation for the crypto holder. It creates a huge amount of uncertainty for the citizen when customs asks the question. You don't know what they know about you. If you lie and they know it you could lose everything you've worked your life for. If you tell the truth you may have a chance at not losing anything.
Yeah, it's embarrassing to be in the US right now. Especially California. It won't be long before those in third world countries have more freedom than American citizens do. Perhaps that's already the case. Also, those taking sides with the left or right are delusional. Neither side is looking out for you. In fact, they will both suck you dry (in the monetary sense). But, most here in this sub probably already know that.
Hopefully technology will render this argument moot over time but I'm not certain of it. In the US they can threaten you with so much that you just end up capitulating.