@_author: mizavist
@_date: 2014-06-10 20:50:07


Hmm, are people putting forward more labor?  Work is of course different from labor, work being the product of labor.  So maybe we just have a differing opinion of definitions?  No doubt people are on the clock more than in the past, due to advances in communication - but I wouldn't say that they labor harder than in the past.  This is due to automation.  An accountant today can labor much less and achieve much more work than in the past thanks to computers.  Same thing for miners, landscapers, fast food servers, transportation network managers, etc.  I can't think of a single example where that isn't the case.  People are getting paid less, but there are a lot of reasons for that unrelated to technology.
A personal example: while I am so pleasantly chatting with you, I am being paid by my employer to automate the work of thousands of employees.  Fifteen minutes of labor on my part saves thousands of man hours.  So my level of labor is very low, but the value of my work product is very high.  That didn't happen very often 200 years ago, but it is extremely common today, to the point of expectation.


The only place where I can see that as being true is in public service :)
@_date: 2014-06-07 15:20:27
So you're a troll trying to pick a fight?  Makes sense, now.
@_date: 2014-06-10 20:28:14


Huzzah, take that Thomas Paine!  You're right, externalities like pollution can be tricky.  One solution is to simply sue for property damage.  If somebody fouls your land, water, air, body - then they have damaged your property.  Global warming would be tougher, but it would be the same solution - class action lawsuit.  I don't see peak oil as being a problem, because that is due to market demand - same with over harvesting.  So not only could you use the polycentric legal system to correct bad behavior, but you also have market forces (boycotts and "green" competitors), in addition to shunning (if my neighbor allows the nuclear waste plant to dump on his property, I'm going to refuse to have anything to do that that neighbor).  As far as the good of future generations - what is good for the present generation is good for subsequent generations, I don't see a need or moral imperative for special consideration of non-existent people.


Nope, like I said, entropy.  Absolute equality is impossible due to the unrelenting force of chaos.  The very act of establishing order creates a greater amount of chaos.  Establishing a system to try to control that would only make it worse.  Now I know that I'm deep into the theory of it all, but we're talking about fundamental principles here.  Maybe if you could provide an example, we could get out of theory.  Anyway, that is why equality of opportunity is the best that can be hoped for, because it accepts that everybody is equally exposed to chaos - which is just.
@_date: 2014-06-11 00:21:54
Yup, it tends to get all the latest modeling techniques before matlab or anybody else as well.  As soon as a white paper is released on a new method, boom, r module contributed to the repository.  You might want to bookmark this: 
@_date: 2014-05-30 01:49:02


I don't know you, I don't know how far you are willing to twist logic in order to defend your position.
So would you describe 600K in sales as "nobody buying anything"?
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:06:28


No, no agreement is necessary - it is an issue of incentive, economic rationality.  You know, all the stuff that powers bitcoin.
What incentive do they have to invade?  Is your thought process on the matter really skipping that step?  Are you that well trained to believe that states invade each other for no reason at all, so we need to spend trillions on defense?  Consider the cost of an invasion to gain natural resources, and continued security costs vs just purchasing the resources.  Military operations will always be more expensive than simple trade.  So again, what are the incentives?  You have demonstrated no critical thinking on the issue, just fear mongering.
@_date: 2014-06-10 17:32:28
Sure the value of human labor is reduced, but so is the cost of living - so it all balances out.  As far as a race to the bottom in technological progress... the definition of a technological singularity is a point beyond which our imagination fails us.  So I hesitate to even cede to the potential of technological diminishing returns.
I now have a mental image of my interlocutor, a man in a bunny suit.
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:34:56
I guess you've succeeded in being unclear and boring, congratulations?
@_date: 2014-06-10 19:21:38
I'm actually not all that confident in post-scarcity.  Due to human nature we will continuously seek to improve our situation, even in the face of diminishing returns.  People in the 50s thought that we'd be enjoying 3 hour work days due to automation by now, but instead we pushed on, accomplishing a greater amount of work for the same amount of labor.
I do think that the future is bright and guarantees greater comfort and a more fulfilling human experience, but I don't think we'll, as a species, ever be satisfied by our 3d printers and fusion reactors.  While some people will be content with it, others will want to push on to presently unimaginable planes of existence.
@_date: 2014-06-10 06:24:00


I prefer the maxim: Everybody should be able to do whatever they want so long as it doesn't violate the property rights of others.  This trades the problem of defining a list of freedoms, with the problem of defining property and property rights.  But I like to keep it simple, you own yourself and [anything you mix your labor with]( and you can do whatever you want with your property.  This is the only "law" needed, no need to outlaw murder, vandalism, theft, etc - because they are all simply destruction of property.


Then I'd point to specialization, which is the principle that has led to the massive explosion of progress that we've experienced in the last 200 years.  Specialization is highly individualistic, but at the same time very collectively positive.  We would be better off as a species if we all just knuckled down on our own things, instead of trying to collectively decide what everybody else should be doing.
@_date: 2014-06-07 06:41:13
Ah, so your beef is with the zero sum part of it and not all that other stuff?  So why is it that you think that the stock market has an infinite potential value while a currency/payment network does not?  I appreciate you typing your argument out, but have I effectively distilled it?  An investment in bitcoin has the same effect as an investment in stock.  For a stock purchase you are rewarding the underwriter, who paid the underlying company.  For a bitcoin purchase you are rewarding every company in the bitcoin ecosystem directly.
@_date: 2014-06-10 05:37:01


No, I'm not fine with taxation at all.  I certainly wouldn't characterize the forceful extraction of tax from citizens and subsequent payment to government employees as a "Dissemination of benefits over a community" :)  In this case, wages vs pension is really a distinction without a difference.


It is voluntary from the perspective of funding, a voluntarily funded defense/justice system.  As far as the target's role, no, technically they aren't volunteers - but realistically they would need to have voluntarily performed some action to get a large enough bounty on their head to actually be in danger.  Some kid might post a $1 bounty on his gym teacher, but that doesn't really mean anything.  Of course it would work much better as a defense system than a justice system, in a true justice system the victims are made whole - not avenged.


I assume you're talking about a justice system, because this wouldn't work in a defense system.  Well I'm all for a justice system where all participants are volunteers, that would be [polycentric law](


Heh, everything you said following that statement would be more effectively carried out by an assassination market.  Imagine an insurance policy that paid out to a private security firm (or an assassination market, if you want the market rate) in order to avenge your death, a true dead man's switch.  You could get a little sticker for your front door, like the ones alarm companies give out.


I agree, but it is all due to rational self interest.  As a developer, I open source my code because it is in my best interest to do so.
@_date: 2014-05-30 02:35:24


heh, that is pretty funny.  Ok, we've established what you think constitutes "media attention" - now we need to figure out our threshold for "nobody buying anything".  So we'll go with your time frame and revenue percentage.  Is 0.1% of Overstock's total revenue nothing?  Is that the result of "nobody buying anything"?




@_date: 2014-06-05 16:44:01
Well if that is the case, it is a strange use of the word "vital" - which means essential... not convenient.
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:38:04
Because I've demonstrated myself to be the less mature one here?
@_date: 2014-05-30 04:14:46


The "media bit" wasn't even an argument, it was an attempt to understand your measure of "once the media stops watching".  If I was interested in arguing that then we would have gone down the rabbit hole of the definitions of "media" and "watching".  The omission of "less than" was a mistake on my part, sorry for the inconvenience.


tiny &gt; nothing


What do you suppose I'm trying to convince myself of?  I don't disagree with you that overstock's sales have slowed as the media spotlight dims, but I do disagree that the sales have reached the level of "nothing".
@_date: 2014-05-30 03:42:50


There isn't any confusion on my part, it is now my understanding that you think 0.1% of Overstock's sales is "essentially nobody buying anything".  I disagree with you and I don't think your position is defensible, but I don't see a way of reasoning with you on the matter.
As far as pedantic word parsing, words matter.  I don't think there is much more to say about that.  What you think was an abandoned argument was simply an attempt to understand on what basis we could discuss the issue at hand, what level of media attention you considered "watching" vs "stops watching".
@_date: 2014-06-05 16:34:24


How do you figure that?  Are you saying that if somehow all dogecoin users decided to boycott bitcoin, that bitcoin would fail to go mainstream?  Or are you saying that if dogecoin had never been invented that bitcoin would fail to go mainstream?  That is a pretty bold assessment, and deserves a little explanation.
@_date: 2014-06-10 16:01:50




There is so much else going on in these statements, such dependence on a shared value system and definition of terms, that I don't think we'll come to agreement - let alone understanding :)  I mean, not only do I disagree with the geolibertarian sense of social justice, I also disagree with the practicality of it.  Geolibertarianism faces the same problem that socialism does, when it comes to everybody controlling some small interest in everything.  In socialism this has led to a centralization of that management of interests, which leads to corruption.  But like I said, I disagree with the fundamental sense of justice in the whole thing - so perfect application of the theory wouldn't interest me anyway.


That seems like a bigger problem for your position than mine.  In my fantasy world, when purchasing the item from the robot overlords I am mixing my labor with the item (money being a token of work).  If the robots just give it to me, then it is mine until I abandon it.
@_date: 2014-06-07 05:54:03
Except for the fact that not all exchanges have trading fees.
@_date: 2014-06-07 06:06:34


Well that is true of everything in life, if that is your criterion for gambling - than everything is gambling.  Your definition is far too broad.
@_date: 2014-06-07 15:07:28
No kidding, I never claimed that it was.
@_date: 2014-05-30 03:17:16
Ah, then we simply disagree on the definition of either "nothing", "buying" or "anything".  We may also disagree on the definition of "essentially".
@_date: 2014-05-30 01:37:28


Your little caveat for media attention makes it impossible to intelligently discuss.  How would we know what the bitcoin sales numbers are without relying on media reports or working for the business?
@_date: 2014-06-10 23:21:47
@_date: 2014-05-30 14:24:13


Your original statement is a few inches above your misquote, are you serious?!
@_date: 2014-06-07 05:37:57


Really, exactly the same thing?  What is the house edge in the free market?
@_date: 2014-06-07 15:16:08
It is like you've put not thought into what you are about to say, and then you say it.  Congrats.
@_date: 2014-06-05 21:55:01


Because what they describe as "community", their primary selling point, is not what I would describe as a community.  I suppose it fits the definition of a like minded group, but there are greater social connotations that aren't being met in their version of the word.  Their "community" is an extremely shallow pool of memes, catch phrases, self serving "charity" and bots.  Empty calories, a high page view count with no click through rate.  I don't know that there is a less judgmental sounding way of saying it, that is simply the way that I see it.
@_date: 2014-06-05 21:35:38
You should just tag him and move on.  I went through the [same thing]( two hours ago.  He won't engage on a rational level.
@_date: 2014-06-10 16:48:52
That is presuming to know the minds of machines, and also that it would be in a post scarcity environment.  I'm sure you're familiar with the concern over friendly AI vs the alternative.  The value systems of a potential self aware artificial intelligence are a complete mystery to us now.  Since I doubt the likelihood of post scarcity, I don't think human labor will ever be worth nothing.
@_date: 2014-06-10 23:34:40
I think this is more a problem of sticky wages in an inflationary environment.  I remember one coworker complaining to me about not getting a raise the entire time she worked for our employer (like 5 years).  I asked her if she had ever proposed a raise, she just stared at me blankly.
One thing to consider is that while your wage may be stagnant, your standard of living may be increasing due to the rise in productivity (reducing the costs of goods).  If the real wage was fixed to how much cell phone you could buy with your pay, or how much media, the line would certainly not be flat.
@_date: 2014-05-30 04:47:44
That very issue was addressed in the [follow up]( to your response.  I hadn't taken a position on a figure or condition of said figure, I was trying to understand your position on the matter.
@_date: 2014-06-10 15:34:25


I suppose I should be careful in the use of "always", because of course there do exist cases where only a small window of opportunity is available, like an anvil being dropped on you or a tiger in the highgrass stalking you.  But those cases are so rare that they don't really bear mentioning, especially in the context of social interaction.


It is the most extreme example possible, so of course it is ridiculous.  I don't think we'll find a point of agreement on genetics or instinctive behavior.


Hmm, a rather forced attempt to find middle ground :)
@_date: 2014-06-05 21:24:11


That is why it is an inconsequential annoyance, from the perspective of the bitcoin ecosystem.


That is where the zero sum part comes in.  Users have a finite amount of time and money.  Time and money spent on dogecoin is time and money not being spent on bitcoin.  No, I'm not jealous of their much promoted "community", but it does make me a little sad to see the energy wasted.  Scampering, I think, would be the best way to describe what they're doing.  So it isn't an issue of hostility, it is pity at seeing a misallocation of resources.  But that is the trade off in a free market, small amounts of waste here and there - the occasional peasant greasing the machine's gears with his guts.
@_date: 2014-06-04 23:34:19
You were my first bitcoin tip, 1 whole bitcoin :)
@_date: 2014-06-10 20:31:37
Nah, I'm not a big fiction guy - the majority of my books are technical or historical.  That makes me a pretty boring guy, I might fix that some day.
@_date: 2014-05-30 03:05:46


I'm relieved to learn that you were trying to be funny.


You do make it more difficult than it needs be, by not directly answering simple questions.  In the hope that you simply overlooked the question, I'll resubmit it: 


@_date: 2014-06-07 15:11:16
How do you figure that?  With bitcoin you can trade directly on exchanges with no fees, what broker?
@_date: 2014-06-07 15:30:10
Hahaha, so you aren't a troll?  You didn't just denigrate the object of the subreddit?  Nope, that isn't the behavior of a troll at at!
@_date: 2014-06-07 05:40:00


Are you using the royal "we", or do you really think you speak on behalf of everybody?
@_date: 2014-06-05 18:48:43
I don't think you've really thought this through.  If there was no state, no USG, then why would anybody want to invade?  Natural resources?  Before they could extract the natural resources, they would need to pacify the local population - a population that up to that point had been living in absolute freedom.  So that would be pretty much the worst insurgency ever faced since forever.
It feels funny to have to explain this on but governments centralize power and offer a single point of failure.  When Germany invaded France in WWII, they set right to work in getting the French tax system and economy [working for them](  Without the state, the power is more diffused and it would take much more work to subjugate a population.
The US military isn't protecting any American's freedom, that is a tired old saying that has lost all meaning.
@_date: 2014-06-05 20:18:06
We'll see I suppose, I view it more from a zero sum game theory perspective.  From that perspective dogecoin is at best an inconsequential annoyance to bitcoin, at worst it is going to leave a lot of newbies holding the bag and being turned off to the whole crytocurrency idea.
@_date: 2014-06-05 02:05:29


Nothing consumer facing at the moment, your talent would be wasted on B2B.  Just keep working on our soundtrack.
@_date: 2014-06-10 19:10:25


I don't think it would really be all that easy, or likely.  Also, you need to consider the incentive for doing such a thing - it would be a huge drain on resources to continuously mix labor with a vast territory, for the single purpose of squatting.  It would need to be continuous, because of the concept of property abandonment.  This is not unlike the architectural solution to a 51% attack on bitcoin.  If someone were to successfully squat a vast swath of territory, they would be endangering the very system that empowers them to squat... so there would be no incentive to do so.


I disagree, perfection is possible - but I guess it depends on your definition.  If your idea of perfection is a state of absolute equality, then no that isn't achievable while we exist, due to [entropy](  My idea of perfection is a logical consistency that allows for equality of opportunity.  So if a system is logically consistent, that means that it is scalable from 0 to infinite.  If that is the case, then it is most reasonable to design the system at the individual level and scale up.  So that is why I'm a fan of anarcho-capitalism, because it does just that.
@_date: 2014-06-06 05:15:53
I wouldn't go as far as saying that police or military are moral organizations.  That is a belief I held in a transitional stage, there are far too many caveats to it for me to now square that with the reality of the brutal violence of action that both groups wield.  That brings to mind a speech I heard while in the school of infantry at Camp Pendleton, delivered by a crusty old retired Colonel.  The premise of the speech was that the Corps represented the finest ideals that America had to offer and stood as the last greatest moral institution in the world.  Honor, courage, commitment.  While in the Corps I saw some of the most amazing acts of bravery and compassion, at such a level that I doubt I'll ever see again. But... all that does not erase the fact that the military survives on a steady flow of stolen money (taxes) and initiates force on behalf of the political elite.  A purely defensive military that is voluntarily funded would be a morally a-OK, but that isn't what we have (and I don't think could exist in a steady-state).
I'm now a computer programmer, so one of the many anarcho-isms that I identify with is crypto-anarchism.  It may provide an interesting solution to your question about self-defense and accountability: [assassination markets](  In such an environment, politicians, generals and mafia dons would be extremely exposed should they piss people off too much (thanks to crowd funding).  I'm fairly confident that such a thing is an inevitability.  Imagine how Kony 2012 would have worked out :)
@_date: 2014-05-30 04:28:45


You directly addressed the question and set the bounds for what you considered media attention, why would I pursue it further?
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:30:59


I don't get it, are you presuming to know what I'm thinking?  Are we talking about you or me?
@_date: 2014-06-05 23:41:01
Sure, I don't mind talking about it.  Hell, if you are an American I owe it to you, you paid for it :)  Though I wouldn't say I've turned against the military, it is slightly more complex than that.
I was a Marine infantry machinegunner, I fought in Fallujah in '05 and '06.  I was raised in a conservative upper middle class home.  I joined the Corps for adventure, confident that the cause was righteous.  When it was time to reenlist, I decided that I had my fill of blood and war.  I wasn't at all troubled with what I had done in Iraq, I was just tired and starting to recognize that Iraq and Afghanistan might not have been good places to dump blood and treasure.  A bunch of my buddies ended up with pretty bad PTSD, somehow I turned out better off than they did - I'm guessing that is due to my ability to rationalize my actions and compartmentalize emotion.
A couple of years go by and I still didn't feel bad, but I'd have very stressful dreams almost every night - constant firefights.  I'd always been a big reader, especially in the infantry where you have so much down time, and my favorite topic was military history.  So one day I was reading about the actives of the USMC in the south pacific during the early 1900's, when suddenly I realized how fucked up the whole thing was.  Manifest destiny, all that.  So my political views started to shift towards minarchism, and that the military was a moral organization that had been misused by profit seeking politicians.  I continued thinking along those lines for a couple more years until I reached the logical conclusion that anarcho-capitalism provides.
So I'm now at the point where I recognize how badly I've wronged the Iraqi people, I'd love to try to make amends for it - but I don't think I can without seriously endangering my life.  Since I am a self interested rational actor, I'm not willing to sacrifice my self for the sake of justice, so I'll just continue to wait and look for an opportunity to repair the damage I've done.  With all that said, I still don't feel bad, I'm simply able to recognize my mistake - which I think is a lot more productive than sackcloth and ashes.
That is a broad explanation, let me know if you were looking for something more specific.
@_date: 2014-05-30 02:06:25


So the 600K sales figure, are you saying that was made under the conditions of media hype or not?  Because if you agree that those are post media hype numbers, then my point is that 600K isn't even close to "nobody buying anything".


You won't get an emotional reaction from me, don't bother.
@_date: 2014-06-05 22:06:47
I'm guessing that he or someone he respects is/was in the military and he cannot handle reasoning that calls the virtue of it into question.  So classic cognitive dissonance.  I went through the same thing years ago, I just didn't publicly embarrass myself - I worked through that shit in private :)
@_date: 2014-06-10 22:06:29
Ah, so I'd say that while we may be putting forward more labor, the labor is less strenuous and the work accomplished is much higher than in the past.
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:22:08
That will happen when you insult someone by calling them naive and then either refuse to, or be unable to, intelligently explain your position.
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:17:13
I can't say that I like anything about your mentality.  Intellectual laziness.
@_date: 2014-06-06 05:49:16


It is my understanding that the Corps has never had such a large influx of quality recruits as they did immediately following 9/11, for example: my platoon Sgt dropped out of college while in his last semester to complete a BA.  So I doubt my experience accurately represents the Corps at any other time (even now).  I'll say that I was not out of place, the majority of us in the infantry came from the same socioeconomic background.  I only remember one Democrat, one of the corpsmen.  There really wasn't much talk of politics though, we were pretty mission oriented.  All the guys that I've kept in touch with have pretty much arrived at the same conclusions that I have, though I'm the only anarchist - everybody else takes a more utilitarian view where the easily recognize the immorality of it all but have no solution.
As far as the family is concerned, I've made a concerted effort to keep my thoughts to myself.  That isn't because I think it would be a point of contention, it is simply because I know how frustrating it can be to have to listen to a know-it-all.  That is generally how conversations with anarchists shake out, and that is because unlike every other political philosophy, there are no exceptions to rules in anarchism.  They are aware of my position though.


It is an interesting situation.  There is nothing like war.  Facing an enemy that wants to kill you, and then watching his lifeless body sink into the dust brings the weirdest mix of adrenaline, terror and relief. Throughout human history warriors have died young, so that may have been the only part of it that they knew - not the subsequent years of guilt.  That is changing now, we have a huge number of combat veterans living long lives.  I wonder what that will do to our relationship with war.
@_date: 2014-06-10 23:05:21
Without firing up R I can't say for certain, but that appears to be the case.
@_date: 2014-06-10 17:10:42
Sure.  From the geolibertarian perspective nobody created the raw natural resources, so nobody can own them, it would be unjust for an individual to consume a resource without compensating all those that would potentially consume the same resource (both those born and unborn).  In that sense of justice, essentially everybody owns some small share of every natural resource.  So you have a contradiction right there about ownership.  Also, in such a system, those living are beholden to those not yet living - which seems morally wrong to me.  If you scale the problem up to the universal level it shows the truly ridiculous nature of the idea.  Say a wormhole briefly opens up, consumes a single astronaut, and deposits him on a planet in the opposite part of the universe.  Of course he doesn't have the ability to compensate earthlings for his use of alien planet resources, but even if he had the ability - would it be just for him to do so?
@_date: 2014-05-30 05:09:35


Your use of a [pleonasm]( to describe this conversation is pretty funny, I'd like to think that was intentional.
@_date: 2014-06-06 22:03:37


All those things are part of the employment contract, it isn't some kind of social experiment :)  You only get a pension if you do like 20 years and you only get "free" healthcare if you rate some disability (arm blown off by a grenade, etc), same thing with "free" education - part of the contract.  It is the same as any other employment benefit, it is a form of payment for your services - and your paycheck is that much smaller because of it.


The point is that it would be a much more efficient and morally just system than we presently have.  Not moral because of the function, but moral simply because it is voluntary.  The present system is completely dependent on involuntarily collected "taxes".  This system would provide a very strong disincentive for warlords and politicians to consolidate power and aggress against the mass of the public.  Now I'm not a huge proponent for assassin markets, I don't claim that it will solve every problem, but it does provide a very interesting alternative.
As far as evolving beyond our base instincts, I completely disagree.  But then we may have a different list of base instincts, and reasonable people can disagree on the matter.  I think any potentially negative instinct is offset equally by an opposing instinct.  For example, I heard one guy make the claim that it is a human instinct to desire domination over others.  I disagree with him, but for the sake of argument I'll go along with it.  That instinct would easily be opposed by fear, nodding toward the assassin market.  You are also using a term that many can disagree on: good.  I prefer a more concrete term: universal preference, because it short circuits the question of "good for who?".  Also, there are very few universal preferences - so it narrows the scope of the problem.


We are social when it suits our own self interest.  I don't socialize with the KKK, because our interests are not aligned.  If I were a manufacturer of large flammable crosses, I might change my position on the matter.  The same goes for interaction between the public and private sectors.  Wall street is very happy with their relationship to the USG, it allows them to privatize profits and socialize losses.  If the arrangement were not in their self interest, then they would not participate.


I agree to a point, but it really depends on your frame of reference.  If you are looking at it from the perspective of [the selfish gene]( then you are completely right.  But I'm not at all interested in the "good" of the species', I have my own self interests.  If my interests align with that of the species' then I'll gladly lend my hand to the cause.  The problem with things like the "social contract" is that it is founded on an immoral precept, that essentially might makes right, majority tyranny, the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few, etc.  Principles founded on immoral precepts are not scalable, they lead to logical flaws like laws not extending to the lawmakers.


How would you collect tax without force?  I'm trying to imagine how this would work with smart property... it is certainly an interesting idea that deserves more thought.  There would also be the problem of redistributing that wealth to doctors, etc.  I don't mind the idea of basic income as a transition step from our present situation onto something more logically consistent, but I don't think should be our destination.  I'd prefer dirt cheap services that people pay for in an unmolested free market, that resolves logical inconsistencies with issues of force and tax collection.


No problem, like all voluntary transaction - it is mutually beneficial :)
@_date: 2014-06-05 01:41:44
Yeah, like $12 I think.  It does feel like a long time ago, bitcoin will make old men of us.
@_date: 2014-06-10 21:12:24
ah, yeah I misread that.
@_date: 2014-05-30 05:30:37
Good day sir! I said good day!
@_date: 2014-06-06 16:15:27


The military is a meritocracy, so I've got to disagree with you there.  Promotion boards, medals and ribbons, chow halls and living quarters segregated by rank, etc.


Nope, if he'd used an assassination market then he would have got away with it.


That is true, but why would they?  I have no idea what the cost of a hit the market would bear, but I'm pretty confident that it would not be cheap and all but the wealthy would need to crowdfund.  We would very quickly become a much more private society, no more celebrities after 4chan has Justin Bieber assassinated.  It would have plenty of flaws, but the present system is pretty screwed up anyway.  Such a market would best work in an environment without a state sanctioned monopoly on justice.  I'll get back to that in a sec.


I totally agree, instead of building systems to constrain human nature, we should be building systems that recognize and accept that nature.  Capitalism is a pretty good example of a system that recognizes two human traits: the desire to better one's situation, and envy - and then positively directs that energy.  As a programmer, the issue of scalability is always a concern, the best models are those that scale from one to infinity.  I think this is true of must things, including political power structures, so I'm naturally attracted to anarcho-capitalism - which addresses problems at both the individual and societal level.
So how would we handle bad actors in a purely free society with no state prisons or police forces?  There are a bunch of potential solutions.  [Polycentric law]( is pretty interesting, a network of competing private courts that one could voluntarily subscribe to (much like insurance).  Assassination markets fit in here, if a bad man murders your gamgam and then disappears into the wilderness - you can crowdfund her church group for justice :)


I don't think we should try to make, or even encourage, people to behave more pro socially.  I think that if we had a society of rational self interested agents, then we wouldn't have to worry about shaping society.  [Stigmergy](  You may be surprised at all the irrational stuff we have taught children over the years, supposedly in the interest of a greater society, that are quite terrible.  For example, the tired old idea of "turn the other cheek".  This is an idea that only serves the abuser, not the victim - and yet the brainwashing continues.  Jingoism is another one, positive in the short term but very bad in the long term.


Yup, I eagerly await the singularity.  Although I am not completely at ease with some of the problems that will be brought about.  The questions of consciousness and self are pretty serious issues.


Service level applications, written in C, running in Linux.  The details can be pretty boring, but the boring stuff is what powers the internet.  I like to consider myself a force multiplier.  I can sympathize with the short attention span, I should be working right now :)  It can be tough in the beginning, but once you get the basics down then you can start working on projects that will hold your interest (while still learning).
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:39:38
If you really want the last word, why don't you say something worth saying?
@_date: 2014-06-10 22:47:30
It really is difficult to draw bullet proof conclusions from datasets like that.  The first potential problem that comes to mind is the issue of underemployment.
It only goes back to the 70s, but check out "Share of involuntary part-timers in total employment".
@_date: 2014-06-10 06:00:21


No, I'm fully aware of how social we all are.  I disagree that the benefits cannot always be quantified ahead of the actions, as everything can be quantified - given enough effort.  You socialize with family because it brings you safety, with friends because it brings you pleasure, with religious organizations because it feeds your delusions (sorry, couldn't resist).  The only cases I can think of where there was true self sacrifice, involve either really poor judgement or an unsound mind.  Even the act of diving on a grenade in order to save your fire team can be explained rationally - and it isn't a "needs of the many" sort of thing: those you protected had a higher probability of sharing similar genetic code than the enemy.  You have therefor indirectly assisted in the propagation of your genes.  Brain scans have been conducted of people performing charity and it was found that the same areas of the brain that light up when you feel superiority to others light up when you are charitable, so for those individuals selfless charity was not selfless at all.  Rational self interest has been given a really bad rap, but if we all acted in our own interest the world would be a much better place.  Government action is full of examples of well intentioned programs that call for sacrifice and end up having really negative consequences.  Nobody should ever be asked (or forced) to act against their own interest.
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:12:44
So you aren't at all embarrassed at how little thought you've put into your position?  You've not offered any reasoning at all, you can't even guess at an incentive for an invading army.