@_author: mjiig
@_date: 2012-08-03 07:34:20
Excuse me if I'm missing some of the economics here, how would deflating their currency help a government buy 51% of all bitcoins? They'd have (say) twice as much currency at their immediate disposal but it would be half as valuable to them.
Also it's worth considering that on an established network like bitcoin, buying up half the coins is arguably more difficult than performing a PoW 51% attack because the price would rocket due to high demand.
Finally, even if someone did pull off a malicious 51% attack, they'd completely lose their (huge) investment because the currency would plumet in value as others jumped ship. A benign 51% attack on the other hand would simply allow the network to continue as normal, except that the attacker would be getting an unusually high percentage of the produced coins. That's not much help to them though if they refuse to sell any, and if they do sell some, they'll gradually lose their network dominance.
@_date: 2012-08-03 07:42:21
Proof of stake doesn't unfairly advantage the rich. Provided your probability of successfully mining a block is directly proportional to the amount of the currency you already have, the overall value of each individual, over an extended period of time stays the same. That is, they control an equal percentage of the currency.
In this way it arguably benefits the rich less than proof of work does, because proof of work allows someone with a lot of spare money to invest in mining hardware, benefiting them a lot over time. Proof of stake on the other hand means (based on mining alone), you will control an identical percentage of the network to the amount you did to start with.
@_date: 2012-08-04 16:34:57
From what I understand of it, most of what you'll have on your machine *is* just white noise. You need to get the SHA of a decrypted file (which is also the key for encryption) on the network to actually be able to read that file.
@_date: 2012-08-11 22:20:02
Well, most software in the Ubuntu repositories is out of date. The Ubuntu policy as far as I can tell is that software gets updated with import security and stability patches while staying most static in terms of features for the entire duration of a release. This is designed to make sure people's stable systems do not suddenly stop working as they expect because some package introduced a new crazy feature, unless the owner of that system KNEW they were doing a full operating system upgrade.  
@_date: 2012-09-08 17:37:17
As I recall, that only works if the frog has been lobotomized first.
@_date: 2012-08-12 12:16:22
Although there are packages for bitcoin available in PPAs, bitcoind is also available through the default repositories (specifically the Universe repository). The Universe repository very much follows the Ubuntu policies on packaging.
I assumed we were discussing the version of bitcoind available through the default repositories and not the ones available through PPAs since drmoo66 said "the people maintaining the package are not bitcoin users", which is very unlikely to be true for a PPA.