@_author: mkazz
@_date: 2014-03-03 11:58:00
in the virtual currency world, loans are also possible.  through the use of colored coins other things such as stocks, bonds, smart property, etc. are all possible as well.  Problem solved.  banks are closed or diminished,  and good fucking riddance.   Bitcoin has potential solutions to these problems and those solutions go much further than a simple fiat-for-bitcoin exchange.  
I do agree with the OP, however, I wouldn't put my bitcoin into an exchange without known ownership.  I don't use the exchanges at this point for exactly these reasons. 
New exchanges are coming.  Likely this summer, from Second Market and others, that will hopefully solve some of these problems also.
@_date: 2014-01-03 16:04:33
Nope.  Keep the paper trail moving until you can think of another option.  I haven't traded through Gox, so I don't know what your recourse is, but I wouldn't stop badgering them.
One thing I do not see in your e-mails back and forth is your communications with Dwolla.  You might want to find these, sync the transaction numbers and send all that.  All of this must be tracked in some fashion by both Dwolla and Gox, so there is no excuse for them to keep your money.
Also, I would ask them to provide the proof that your money left their accounts.  That should be simple.  The burden is on them, really, as there is no way to prove a negative, which is what they would be asking you to do otherwise.
@_date: 2014-02-18 15:12:54
He needs step down from the Bitcoin Foundation, or be booted. 
@_date: 2014-02-19 21:33:29
that's possible.  or it's just a more articulate version of 'no comment'.
either is an assumption at this point, although neither bodes well.
@_date: 2014-01-01 23:45:02
Many/most big ideas are scoffed at.  A lot of them also end up as nothing.  Then again, some of em don't.  
At some point people that believe in it will have to move beyond the platitudes/feelgood stuff.  It's viable or it isn't.  The market will embrace it or it won't.  
I think bitcoin is beyond this stuff.  Money is pouring into it rapidly, the infrastructure is developing.  It's past critical mass at this point, as it's profitable for some and has utility for others, both in increasing numbers.  That in itself is enough to propel it forward, as with any good or service.
@_date: 2014-01-15 21:41:15
Yay!  
Now reduce that 2% fee, as I won't use it at that price.
From a consumer point of view, when I buy something online with a credit card, I don't pay an additional 2% to do it.  I likely won't do it with Bitcoin either.  
Yes, the merchant pays, but that's not my problem at this point.   Over time, a win for the consumer is Bitcoin driving down swipe fees and hopefully pricing through competitive forces.  If Bitcoin processors mirror those fees, there's no upside.  Not for the consumer, and ultimately not for Bitcoin, as this will impede growth via market forces.
Functionality looks good.  Pricing, not so much....
ETA:  And I know I'll get downvoted for this post, but I don't give a damn.  It's the truth.  See this from the Federal Reserve on average fees:  
@_date: 2014-01-03 16:34:12
Nice.  That makes a lot more sense.  
And I love the card.  And the terminals.
that's some bad-ass unleashed.
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:08:32
well, it's been a crappy month for bitcoin on a lot of levels.  it exploded and those running the businesses weren't/aren't ready for it.  
like a lot of others, I think that will change.
For me, it's a question of whether or not the protocol has value.  If it does, these other things will sort themselves out.  If not, they won't.
Try not to get too high on the highs or too low on the lows.  It's about the capabilities.  
None of that has changed because Gox took a dump or other people seemingly haven't figured out that cold storage is the only way to store bitcoin properly.
People will always try to steal stuff.  And there are always ways to keep them from doing it. 
  
@_date: 2014-02-19 20:00:45
quote from an updated article in The Wall St. Journal
"In the email interview, Mr. Karpelès responded to questions about the company's solvency or protection for customers' funds by saying that the matter is confidential. However, he said the company had discussed its business model with Japanese authorities "to ensure that we are operating within the law here."
Confidential?  The answer to those questions is pretty simple.  Yes, we're solvent, yes our customers have protection.
If they were the right answers, he'd be giving them.  As soon as the legal shuck and jive starts you know it's trouble coming.
@_date: 2014-01-24 19:38:25
Very nice.  If these people actually mined these coins, even cooler. 
That'll be the last time Mom tells em to shut the f-in computer down and come to dinner....
edit:  OK, MY mom has a bit of sailor mouth goin on.  YMMV (your mom may vary)
@_date: 2014-01-16 18:59:32
@_date: 2014-01-27 17:54:32
you mean a large bank lied?  tell me it isn't so.  next thing you'll tell me is that they would knowingly make bad loans and take profit until they crashed the entire financial marketplace, or that they were solidifying their trading profits by front-running their customers.  
It must have been that the largest bank in the country couldn't afford sufficient meeting space.  It couldn't possibly be that they didn't want the public/press/"outsiders" to observe their meeting.
Banking is avarice, greed and attorney-shielded theft on a massive scale.  Meanwhile they shovel stolen money at politicians to cover their asses.  
These people suck.  They're only getting involved because they realize they can't kill it as easily as they thought, so they might as well make some money from it, while they try to figure out how to undermine it.
@_date: 2014-01-02 22:08:40
2.47% withdrawal?
That's ridiculous.  One of the big wins in using bitcoin is not shoveling ~2% to the credit cards/PayPals of the world.  With this pricing scheme I'm better off using my damn miles card.
@_date: 2014-01-06 19:23:59
If nothing else they got some free advertising by jumping on a hot topic bandwagon.
seems like good business sense to me.....
@_date: 2014-01-02 23:48:02
There is no problem with making money.  Banks do it quite well, some may say even to the point of being greedy.  When someone, therefore, puts forth a pricing scheme that is comparable to those massive too-big-to-fail brick and mortar institutions, I call bullshit.  
@_date: 2013-12-19 13:10:18
If your primary pricing is in dollars, it makes sense to refund in dollars.  It is not a losers game for you unless you hold the coins.  
If you hold them, at that point you go from vendor to speculator and the risk is yours.  The customer no longer has custody of the BTC so he/she cannot reasonably be expected to bear the consequences of your not converting them.
There are services out there, bitpay, coinbase, that will mediate that risk for you and I'm pretty sure will lower your transactional cost relative to credit cards.  That's the win for you and your customers.  
As the volatility shakes out it may or may not be such a critical factor, although for the foreseeable future it makes sense to use these services to eliminate this sort of risk and avoid potential bad relations with your customers.
@_date: 2013-12-13 17:48:03
they may know in a general sense, kind of like how someone "knows" that vitamins are good for you, but not know why, ie, they could correctly identify a vitamin as a vitamin, but not have a clue how it works.    same is true for bitcoin right now.  it's been all over the news, so people recognize it, but don't know how it works.  That will change eventually.  This is the untapped potential for this.  
As people learn about it, really understand it, and start to use it or invest in it, who knows where it goes.  
I'm not saying I do know where it goes, but it's interesting as hell and there is no doubt that it is creating new frontiers and causing people to rethink things.  That in itself is pretty good stuff.
@_date: 2013-12-01 21:52:48
It's falling?  BFD.  Anyone that didn't see a correction coming is probably simply inexperienced with the markets.  
there are plenty of reasons why it could be falling, naturally, although the most obvious is that it topped and those looking to flip a short term buck dumped.  or those lovely folks that stole a ton of it are dumping it.
either way, in the long term it's meaningless.  bitcoin has to go through these things to find a price point and shake the volatility out of its system.  
relax people.  it's trading over 900 and people are throwing themselves off buildings.  sheesh.
@_date: 2013-12-12 20:17:30
PayPal may be trying to figure out how to capitalize on it, and may well think they have an avenue of one sort or another.  If he's taking the long view he knows they're going to have to adapt to a changing financial paradigm, be it as a result of Bitcoin or something else, so you might as well ride the train rather than get run over by it.
@_date: 2013-12-16 23:45:54
Hopefully you are a psychic, channeling some future version of China's relationship with bitcoin.
Personally, I think it sucks that China is seemingly turning obstructive, although it's not like it's a huge surprise.  C'mon it's China
So yes, they're starting a regulatory process.  I don't think anyone could have reasonably expected them to simply ignore it.  Most major countries will do the same.  Hopefully people won't be so damn suicidal every time some government comes out and issues a statement or regulation.  This is going to happen a lot in the coming year, so if this stuff makes you squeamish it might be time to turn the channel....