@_author: mkhaus
@_date: 2013-08-22 20:11:40
This also happened to me yesterday. I was surprised since I didn't have issues before. I sent a couple emails and a tweet but no response. I'm suspicious that it's because of the quick run up in price. 
I've read elsewhere that they only purchase 97% of the Bitcoins ordered. I suspect that if there is a steep increase in price they refuse at least 3% of coins scheduled to be released regardless of whether they meet a 'high risk' marker.
I've read that sometimes a person will look into it and white list an account. What criteria do they use? I understand they don't want to disclose the indicators they use to flag accounts but if they can tell by looking into an account is safe why don't they do that for all accounts they flag? Is the fact that they haven't responded to me an indication that they received a lot of angry messages and also an indication that it is related to the recent run up in price? I have a verified account active for over 12 years. I can't imagine what has changed since I previously purchased from them other than the steep price increase.
When I read of this happening to others I figured that there must be anomalies in their record that are suspicious but after it happened to me I no longer consider them to be acting in good faith. It is interesting to me that other orders I have placed have yet to be cancelled. It is almost as if they are waiting to see what the price does.
@_date: 2013-08-22 20:23:00
This is very suspicious. How does a level 2 account become high risk? I thought that was the whole point of Level 2 verification?
Perhaps they are blocking sales to a higher percentage of people that quickly send their Bitcoin to another wallet in order to keep control of their supply? 
@_date: 2013-08-23 22:54:02
They are known to honor prior purchases? Ha. I believe it when I see it. You expect them to take a 10% loss on the purchases?
@_date: 2013-08-23 22:25:28
I understand that they have a machine learning algorithm to help identify potential fraud and that any such algorithm would be error prone. I also understand why they don't want disclose primary factors the algorithm uses. 
What I can't understand is why there has been a flurry of instances recently of users flagged that were never flagged previously. 
Is it because there was a run-up in price? They did disclose they only buy 97% of the Bitcoin ordered with an expectation of 3% fraud and the cancels seem to be within the final hour they estimate I'll receive the coin. That suggests to me what they do is determine if they have enough Bitcoin to honor purchases and if not cancel them as 'High Risk', if they can't buy them in the market for less than was paid previously. 
Or perhaps they have added new criteria based not upon account history but on whether coins are kept on their wallet. I suspect they give preference to users that keep Bitcoin under CoinBase control. 
@_date: 2013-08-23 22:35:27
In the last few days I've seen lots of these complaints. I've received cancellations in the last three days despite being able to buy Bitcoin from them previously.
Something is up. I see people say to just contact support. So far no luck. Something is up. I know they are short staffed but I'm starting to wonder if someone there made a mistake resulting in them taking a short position.