@_author: mkobayashi
@_date: 2013-11-10 04:26:02
Disappointing. If you can, try the extended ASCII set as well. If Unicode is involved, OP just wants to have a laugh.
It was a fun project and also helped me understand Bitcoin a bit better. I also just discovered  -- after I wrote mine (I think some people here were trying that one).
@_date: 2013-11-09 18:55:44
Whoever is still following this thread: There are still some contenders left. I'm running a C++ cracker (quickest ugliest hack) and checking all printable characters in the ASCII standard set at 9.6 passphrases/s (~25h worst case total running time).
If OP used characters other than standard ASCII (e.g. Unicode), I consider this not quite faithful to what you'd find if people would actually start using BIP38, as most people just choose what's on their keyboard (if OP is trying to get the point across how strong BIP38 is). It is easy enough to just add more chars, and not have to start using Unicode. If OP only used ASCII chars, then I think the conclusion should already be that BIP38 is very strong, and in a real world scenario where a paper wallet with a BIP38 encrypted key was stolen, the owner of such a wallet has more than enough time to recover the funds (assuming they notice and have a backup somewhere).
One flaw of BIP38 I see is that there is no way to set the difficulty of a generated key when generating it (fixed scrypt parameters). When storing passwords for example, it is common to store the number of rounds (or any other parameters) along with the hashed password. Of course it would be possible in BIP38 to change the second byte from say 0x43 to 0x44 to denote an even stronger mechanism, but this would require frequent adjustments to the standard. In a few years, we have more powerful hardware and the difficulty of generating the private key from an encrypted private key should increase accordingly without having to change the standard every few years (this only applies for newly generated private keys however). Adjustable scrypt parameters would also address some of 
@_date: 2013-11-10 02:15:37
The other thread was not created by the OP. Sure it would be possible to use the GPU, but frankly I don't have much more time I can spend on this -- I could throw more cores at it, but would never beat a GPU.
I don't think there is Unicode in it, but I included 1 Unicode character for fun.