@_author: mkqbbv
@_date: 2014-04-15 15:40:18
I was working directly under Danny. I don't know how you'd want me to prove that. OP is Danny's reddit account. Having character flaws does not necessarily mean you have ill intentions, but rather eccentric. I/we never participated in a scam. I was hired to work for a company under a set job description.
Some of us will most likely make ourselves available on Friday on reddit to answer questions the community might have for us
@_date: 2014-04-15 14:24:56
I'm writing as an ex-NEO employee;
Danny, what baffles me is your attempt at victimize yourself in this manner. The police investigation began as a result of you cutting off all communication with your employees and creditors while leaving the ship as it was heading towards the iceberg.
Your communication with us have been very limited, and you've made no effort at all to pay your personal debt or rectify the financial situation of the company. 
ALL of your employees were very eager to help you and find the best solution to the problems arising in mid March. Although that was before we had time to go through every detail and create a clearer picture of your misconduct.
You present yourself here with more lies and empty promises.
1. You did not sell majority of the bitcoins beginning of October. It contradicts your earlier statements. Evidence needed, and convenient lack of evidence because of MtGox is laughable. 
2. You quickly packed your belongings and left. Yes, I'm sure you left your daughter behind, but that only reflects poorly on you as a father.
3. You made no good faith effort to contact your personal creditors to whom you sold bitcoins to, and acted as a custodian.
4. You claim to have hired or intention to hire a 'forensic accountant' to prove your innocence. Why you would need a forensic accountant is beyond me. If you want me to, I'll publish the numbers you've been giving your employees. That will illuminate your incompetence.
The alleged threat was a convenient excuse to leave everyone hanging, as if it should have prevented you from letting us do our jobs in order to save what was left of the company. Timeline of these events clearly show you had no intention of coming back, and it is not unlikely you manufactured that threat yourself. Who in their right mind would leave his daughter behind if the threat was real?
We know you sold "your" Mercedes and left "your" Bentley in a car dealership with changed plates.
Where the fuck is our money? 
@_date: 2014-04-17 10:59:23
Take it or leave it. Your choice.
It's addressed to Danny, not you.