@_author: mktviking
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:58:18
I also think institutional buyers are starting to favor other governance protocols (like dpos) because of guys like Roger using flaws in pow to fork and manipulate prices.  If this BCH and BTC thing has taught me anything its to diversify into coins with different governance protocols.
@_date: 2017-12-20 00:58:17
Delegated proof of stake models like ARK will displace proof of work models like bcash and btc
@_date: 2017-12-25 14:48:07
The way bitcoin works the miners mine the blocks and validate all transactions (real people have to do this).  The way bitcoin is set up it allows whoever has the most money to buy the most powerful mining rigs, and thus they have, and have formed corporations that now make decisions autocratically.  Bitcoin is also currently using more electricity to produce than 156 nations combined (not sustainable).  In a DELEGATED proof of stake system (not pos) the coin holders are essentially in charge of who runs the network or "Node" (IE who is allowed to mine and validate transactions, and you get paid a cut of the newly mined or forged blocks for voting.  Because the nodes are voted upon there is no need for high powered mining rigs, the blockchain is set up to release a certain amount of coins everyday.  If the nodes to a good job keeping the network healthy they will retain their votes and continue to be rewarded, if they don't or they don't pay out their dividends they get voted down and are unable to participate.  DPOS is the most decentralized (ie run by the people and not an authority) governance protocol there is in crypto right now, and of those ARK has the most advance consensus algorithm.  I suggest if you are serious about being in the blockchain space you learn what both of those things are (governance protocol: pow, pos, dpos, dbft, etc.., and consensus algorithm = how each how each coin ecosystem sorts out their governance protocol)
@_date: 2017-12-22 03:08:16
With ARK the coin-holders vote for who the bosses are, you even earn a % of new blocks being forged for voting...if the bosses mess up they get downvoted and are no longer allowed to forge or* verify transactions.......sounds pretty democratic to me, no?
@_date: 2017-12-25 04:49:31
Every coin on the market has to be mined or forged or doled out by someone, wouldnt you rather be able to pick who that someone is and know who they are rather than place your faith in chinese mining corporations or guys like roger ver to do the right thing with the controlling interest in your coin?
@_date: 2017-12-20 04:41:20
You are welcome, you and anyone else who reads this who is distressed over the btc/bch deal has an opportunity to look up what im talking about and instantly relieve that stress you have over this issue