@_author: mkwiat
@_date: 2014-03-08 09:26:17
Except that was published when Newsweek was owned by IAC. IBT bought Newsweek in August of 2103.
@_date: 2014-03-09 07:30:53
From the quotes in Newsweek and [Forbes]( the "interview" was something like this:
-- McGrath, flanked by two cops standing in the driveway. Nakomoto consenting to be questioned - after refusing to do so more over an hour -
McGrath: "Are you the founder of bitcoin?"
Nakamoto: "I am no longer involved in that and I cannot discuss it." 
McGrath: "You’re acknowledging Bitcoin and if you weren’t involved you need to tell me now."
Nakamoto: "I cannot do that"
Nakamoto claims he thought she was talking about his classified work and these replies are completely consistent with that. He assumes she's talking about something he worked on more than ten years ago. He's murky on the security-clearance rules now. Is he allowed to even acknowledge that he worked on a secure project? Better not even answer "no".
If McGrath had some other evidence that pointed to Nakamoto being the creator of bitcoin, there would be reason to doubt Nakamoto's explanation. 
All the evidence so far points to her jumping to the conclusion that he was the founder of bitcoin very early on and interpreting every action and reply of his as "tacit acknowledgement" of that.
* Evasive about his past career; creator of bitcoin
* Stops replying to emails after switching the discussion from model railroads to bitcoin; creator of bitcoin
* Suggests to his son and brother that he could be the creator of bitcoin and they agree he COULD be the creator of bitcoin; creator of bitcoin
But all these replies are more readily explained by that fact that he can't talk about a lot of his defense work and doesn't appreciate being misled by a reporter whom he thought was interested in model railroads.
By the time she shows up at his doorstep she is so completely convinced of his identity that she is incapable of asking a question or hearing an answer that would show otherwise. The cops, not really having any reason to doubt her - she's a reporter for a famous national news magazine - quickly assume her outlook.
@_date: 2014-03-09 05:47:51
I never even noticed - thanks.
@_date: 2015-01-28 01:18:59
Thus continuing the circle of "Why bother?"
