@_author: mlbimmer
@_date: 2013-06-01 08:33:54
Pal, listen you're wrong. Period. 
I have all the documentation and market data and transaction data absolutely tying my claims to the fact ( which is where this RFC starts and ends) that bitinstant was being regrettably hard wired to preev/mtgox as a single source USD to BTC conversion metric at the time my transaction began and ended. I have generously accounted for the expected and fully accepted variance that can and did transpire within that window. Clearly I acknowledge these exchanges are not instantaneous... However it is very (VERY) easy to spot, research, and determine when a completely erroneous exchange rate is applied within the completed cycle of this particular transaction. 
I HAVE provided all the data in great detail to my vendor, bitinstant, specific to this issue; and I've also provided accurate, and ample, data in this thread so that the ABCs are well defined and understandable.. In lay terms and description. If progress is not made I will gladly publish all of those communications containing every granular detail as to my notifications, time of cash deposit, time zip zap acknowledgement, time of blockchain confirmations etc -- I trust bitinstant would prefer it not come to the disseminating the communication-black hole we encountered during our patient yet consistent RFC. 
MR Derp, you work for (in some capacity) bitinstant, clearly. 
How else could you refute data substantiated by fact, that again, hits critical mass with the simple fact that: THIS TRANSACTION WAS 100% TIED TO THE FROZEN, AND INACCURATE USD/BTC CONVERSION RATE AFIXED TO THE INOPERABLE MTGOX SITE THERBY CONVERTING MY USD TO AN INACCURATE BTC EXCHANGE. THE SITE WHICH DETERMINED MY USD/BTC CONVERSION RATE WAS HARD DOWN FOR OVER 12 HOURS WHILE MAINTAINING ITS PUBLISHING OF AN INACCURATE AND STALLED $127/BTC, WHICH IS WHAT BITINSTANT ASCRIBED TO MY DEPOSIT. THAT'S ALL. IT'S NOT COMPLICATED. IM SEEKING AN EQUITABLE RECONCILIATION PRIMARILY BASED ON PRINCIPLE. 
YOU ARE WRONG IN YOUR DETAILING OF SERVICES OFFERED AND RENDERED BY THIS COMPANY IN THIS INSTANCE. 
And BTW, silver spoon... Not even remotely close. 
I've worked, and work hard for what I have, and I treat my customers the way I'd like to be treated -- fairly, respecting their questions, concerns, and correspondences. 
@_date: 2013-06-01 08:50:30
Again derpy... Just stop. 
Your not helping bitinstant, you're not helping me, and you're undoubtedly not helping yourself by exposing your semi-coherent, yet altogether misappropriated and pseudo analytical "prowess."
The metaphors and elementary level deductions of hyperbole is truly too much of a unsophisticated thing. 
When your wrong your wrong... Except in your case, where your wrong and unadvisedly self assured in your practice of delusional grandeur. 
I wish you no harm, and in fact good health and happiness. 
But on this topic please stop posturing and floating questions and premises of no topical or factual validity. 
@_date: 2013-06-01 18:42:47
@_date: 2013-06-01 08:01:49
Yes, I have all the emails. Initial strings back and forth from Seth, and separate strings when I was handed off to no avail (or response) from Charlie. The emails all go to mylatestbimmer at a common domain. 
How would you like me to provide that info to you? Shall I fwd you those messages to your address, or do you actually want me to post that bad-press here?  I can do either. 
@_date: 2013-06-02 08:00:28
Me also. 
As requested, and in good-faith I've been "patient" as very little has been done, or at least disseminated to the customers who had the door slammed on our fingers by bitfloor.
I would like to offer my assistance to this community of those with funds deposited in good faith and left inaccessible now these several weeks.
I got flat out lucky as I'd submitted a limit order at about (if memory serves) $73/BTC for the majority of funds I had in this account within days of the site shutting down. Lucky as I found I was able to move those coins out without issue.... But I still have $2,000 in my account that I'm determined to retrieve. 
I will sign up to that user-group-of-sorts, and the other bitfloor community resources I see here, and absolutely help support the cause. 
Please feel free to PM me or reply here if I can assist with anything pursuant to the correction of this bitfloor cluster^*ck!
@_date: 2013-06-05 01:13:44
Still dealing with much confusion within your support apparatus...
Hopefully to be addressed and resolved soon!
The amount owed is negligible in the grand scheme -- however the principal is extremely important... Nearing 2 FULL MONTHS LATER, and more time than I care to remember, I am yet hopeful for an accurate and equitable resolution.  
Patience is wearing very thin. 
@_date: 2013-06-02 06:28:31
Yes... IM SURE. How could the history and transaction record, along with follow up communications go missing?
What is your email address and I will fwd you all the correspondences from CS, Seth, and the intro email to Charlie that were all conducted via this account.  
This is header info, also included in the original emails:
OrderID: eb481211-2c4b-443e-8af9-e2118d38bc08
EventID: b1092e04-3077-4a04-
QuoteID: 256a7452-7c68-4b08-a218-5841154809bb
@_date: 2013-05-29 06:38:05
Again... amazing.
I believe stupidity should be painful... do your fingers hurt from typing that?
Do you know anything of investing, or purchasing.. in anything?
Volatility = bad, eh?
When you make a purchase thru bitinstant, at a specific time, and your email gets the notification your purchase was completed, there is no range of rate tied to that time the transaction funded?  
Bitinstant can give you 1, 2, 14, 37 BTC for you purchase of say $500?  Is that correct?
You must be every used car salesman's wet dream.
Amazing... the best (maybe the worst) part is you will likely never understand the titanic amounts of contradiction, inaccuracy, naivety, stupidity, and unwarranted self-certainty with which you just exposed your tiny little brain to the world.
Kudo's on the Charlie comment.  He clearly knows he has the idiots-at-large general business market cornered in your patronage. 
If he comes here and makes good on where bitinstant went wrong with my transaction he will then know that he may yet retain the bigboy's business, and not fuckover those with money, experience, and fair expectations based on the services their site claims to provide.
@_date: 2013-06-03 09:10:01
Are you schizophrenic?
WTF are you talking about?
So yes, you do work for Bitinstant, and yes, you now agree with my request... But you substantiate you're arrogant and misguided previous attacks on me why?
Seriously, what the fuck?
As I stated from the beginning... The issue was the incorrect range of rate tied to this transaction due to bitinstant being poorly setup to pull data for live BTC purchases to one exchange -- mtgox -- even when the site was down and publishing hours-old data/rates. 
That's been the premise and basis of my request since this was posted. 
And the insolent and unyielding position you took of "i will never buy from bitinstant again if they make you whole," was not only premature and characteristically stupid, it was that statement that you then postured and attempted to defend in every post thereafter. 
I will go back to my 4 or 5 other attempts to enlighten you by simply offering the now accepted fact, that you are/were just flat out wrong in your misguided and stubborn conclusions on this topic. 
Your petty insults, as well as your inaccurate and closed-minded swagger have been your recurring theme .. And did no one (especially you) any good as we ultimately come to the conclusion that was proposed from jump street. 
Next time think first, consider the possibility of merit, and withhold judgement and insult until such time that facts and reality are slapped across your face enough times that it sinks in (to one or two of the voices in your head)!
And on that note, substantiated by your sore-loser diatribe, where you still attempt to insult while acknowledging you are, and always have been in the wrong, lets end this utterly obvious one -sided exchange of me handing you your proverbial ass in every instance where you mistakenly attempted to spar with someone so clearly you're intellectual, and factual superior. To dumb it down for you DERP: Fuck Off you idiot. 
@_date: 2013-06-06 07:15:57
How disjointed is your system?
I've been participating in an email correspondence 12 emails long... And regrettably supplying the same data in every conceivable way, including providing date stamped order details, chart and graph analysis directly from bitcoincharts.com, and clear proof that my exchange was in accurately funded. I've provided the indisputable evidence from third party resources (of bitinstant's own choosing) to document how this purchase was incorrectly tied to mtgox, and mtgox s frozen (downed site) rate published during my transaction. It's all right there. 
Are you trying to make me give up through attrition by making me explain and document the same facts over and over and over again?
I'm owed a correction!
This 2 month old, hours of communications, is the opposite of customer friendly and is approaching too little too late. 
Please make the correction so we can all move on with our lives!
The details and facts and data do not lie -- it's all right there. 
Give it to an analyst to spend 60 seconds corroborating the data and lets finish this ... PLEASE!
@_date: 2013-06-03 23:46:57
Don't know what ESAD means. 
All bullying is consequential. 
My all caps attn getter was the final straw after a dozen emails went unanswered to bitinstant -- I told them I wanted to resolve their mistake amicably, but if they continued to ignore my requests I'd have to pick a public forum to ensure an honest resolution. 
I only attributed facts to facts. 
Have nothing against you; wish you hadn't dismissed my rightful and honest claim as hyperbole or anti-bitinstant as you say "marketing."
Don't start fights with people. Anywhere. 
There's no need to do that. 
Take care. 
@_date: 2013-06-03 23:50:04
I received an email from your CS/Support group. 
I'm looking forward to having this resolved... Finally. 
@_date: 2013-05-29 06:39:34
Yes, I did contact CS, Seth, and Charlie. How do I proceed from here now that I've been ignored for weeks by your business?
@_date: 2013-06-03 03:56:13
I provided my email address, all the order info, and the following -- if the specs you've requested, and received, are not sufficient to track "event" and "order history" then that is in itself concerning; perhaps you should send me your email address so that I may forward the communications and history details directly to you?
 This us what was provided at the bottom of Seth's emails:
This is what was provided in the subject line:
Re: Re: Your recent transfer - BitInstant order eb481211-2c4b-443e-8af9-e2118d38bc08 - [CCR-OUAGY-176]
Please advise. 
@_date: 2013-05-29 06:27:04
You're a genius, obviously.
Do you ever trade, invest, or purchase a product during times of volatility.. or leveraged pricing in your favor?  I'd contend that you do not.. and probably shouldn't try.  The heightened volatility is not in question and is not important to the premise of my quandary with bitinstant, however, ironically in contrast to your uneducated and utterly embarrassing comment, those were the very criterion which spurred my timing and prompted my purchase via bitinstant.  I purchased knowing where the market was -- I purchased at ~ $80/BTC.  
The days leading up to this had seen the BTC up above $220, back leveling around $150, and once it hit sub $90 I purchased.  It was a great purchase, and all the exchanges accurately published the rates that drove my decision... it was mtgox that was frozen, and unbelievably the same exchange and exchange rate bitinstant tied my purchase rate: $127/BTC to (the same rate on mtgox's hard-down site for over 12 hours).
derp (appropriately) you should not speak of things you do not understand.  Every incorrect statement you frame below is literally (yes, literally) the opposite of fact / good judgement (quite an accomplishment really), and counter-intuitive to not only this transaction but the basics of buying any commodity at an current/published and expected range of rate.  Do you, or perhaps more on point -- when you grow up would you: buy, lets say gold (or any product for that matter) and tell your vendor to apply whatever the fuck rate/cost to that transaction they see fit, or would you have some bearing on what the ultimate cost is and should be... based on lets say market trends, or.... hold the phone... lets say various exchanges publishing current rates that could be tied back to the very minute your transaction was executed by zipzap, the very minute you got the auto email saying your exchange had been fulfilled, and the very minute you were able to see your investment being verified via blockchain.info to confirm the true and expected cost for goods and services that had been applied?  Well in this little scenario I can answer in the affirmative to all of the above... and fucking bitinstant fucked it up and owe me an apology and a correction in either BTC or USD.
To further clarify: I assume an accurate rate of ~ 80USD per BTC on this transaction.  It is easy to see where the market average was during the time my transaction started, and finished.  The more specific rate is $75/BTC; I however have tried again and again to get bitinstant to meet me close to this rate, which generously accounts for jitter in the exchanges and allows for reconciliation at $90 per BTC.
I'm only vying for bitinstant to unfuck me on this deal, and all you other derps who find yourselves getting fucked by bitintant to the tune of $10, $20, or $50 per BTC purchased need to back up consumers who are being ignored and poorly treated by your BTC vendor -- when you make that purchase you become thier customer... at that moment they work for you, and you take your business to them in good faith.  I'm only asking for a fair resolution.  Its all very easily documented and substantiated.
And as for the question below by bitinstant:
Yes, I did contact CS, Seth, and Charlie.
How do I proceed from here now that I've been ignored for weeks by your business?
@_date: 2013-06-02 06:44:10
If you were able to glean nothing from that, all I can say is at least your consistent in your limited capacity. Consistently-stupid is probably better in the long run than occasionally being misguided by accidental accuracy/understanding. 
And, for reference, those who labor in the effort to promulgate intelligence inevitably betray their intentions... In "less words," that will likely "say something" to you: go find other places to try to be relevant, contributory, and (Ha) smart. 
@_date: 2013-06-07 04:02:23
The charts at bitcoincharts.com show exactly what I've been saying for two months now. 
The fact that you purchased BTC (as you claim) only from mtgox, somehow even when the site is down (read: not possible ) and therefore overpaid by a huge margin the actual cumulative / comprehensive exchange rate is unfortunate, and bad business. But alas, that has nothing to do with me or any of your other customers -- if you over pay for BTC that does not parallel an unspoken understanding or agreement by your customers that you then pass on that mistake to us. 
We buy BTC from bitinstant expecting an equitable exchange rate for our USD to be converted BTC. Bitinstant being stuck to incorrect data from a downed site is your problem, not the customers. 
I am owed this correction. 
If you are not willing to accommodate this meager financial -- yet critical best-practices -- correction you clearly are demonstrating to your customers that their research, planning, timing, and execution are of no value or accord in completing transactions with bitinstant, and ultimately the rate of exchange you provide is arbitrary and completely unprotected or market based. 
There is no question here. 
Claiming "we bought incorrectly from a site publishing incorrect data, and you could have done worse" is not an acceptable answer. 
The correct rates are documented, acknowledged, and mtgox on April 11th was not an accurate (or even viable) market indicator. 
There is nothing more that needs to be discussed. 
Please fulfill your obligation to me and process the correction!