@_author: mlc885
@_date: 2014-06-28 22:37:01
Despite all of Bitcoin Journal's pages mysteriously vanishing, you can still see the people who participated and presumably their stock photos (I never looked in the first place, so I don't know if the photos are different) on the original indiegogo that only raised $108 out of a goal of $9475.
That indiegogo page is here:
@_date: 2014-09-29 16:55:51
The article also says that they didn't remove machines from their burn-in pool until they had built new machines to replace them, so it seems pretty clear that testing was not the primary purpose for holding on to the machines.
@_date: 2014-06-28 22:04:34
I didn't follow the thread for long, but what information was posted that wasn't already publicly available and factual?
It seems like reddit is scared and thereby unintentionally aiding a potentially shady character.  Was anything posted that could rise to the level of libel?  Because pointing out that all the people on the website other than one appear to be fake is merely stating a fact and clearly should not be censored.
(and, yes, the spelling mistakes are "suspicious" considering the other communications from this group, and "her" threatening to come shoot someone is itself illegal)
@_date: 2014-06-28 23:19:25
There is no court order, and the person hiding from her abusive family almost surely doesn't exist.  This is entirely about linking to information that insults a different person, and the possibility that that information is incorrect.
I don't honestly know enough about libel laws to say if there would be any case there, though, since the information is publicly available.  But clearly reddit (and others) wouldn't want to take that chance when there is so little to be gained.  Anyone who gives their economic activities due diligence should be able to find out that this person seems fishy through a quick internet search, and either confront the person for a rational explanation or not do business with them.
Although I do certainly wish that ChloeChicago would be punished for threatening to come shoot people. She sure doesn't have much common sense or ability to spell!  I guess that lack of common sense would be more proof that the other threat is hollow, though.
No one can commit libel against the person with the "court order" because that person doesn't seem to exist.
@_date: 2014-06-06 21:44:05
That makes more sense.  I was wrongly assuming that he'd have access to a Visa or Mastercard branded debit card, but clearly that isn't correct.
I've always lived near a bank that provided Visa debit cards that work identical to credit cards (as long as you have sufficient funds available in checking) but that probably isn't the case in other countries. (and perhaps isn't the case if you live in an extremely rural area where having to travel a great distance to deposit or find an ATM is too difficult)
Thanks for the clarification! ;)
@_date: 2014-06-28 23:51:24
You've been quite nice about this, considering what a pain in the butt it must be, and for so little benefit. ;P
@_date: 2014-05-11 08:08:40
librarian had been bookmarking porn, for sure
@_date: 2014-05-08 20:14:08
I was specifically bringing up the (unrealistic) idea of a utopia to criticize your argument.  I cannot benefit from lax regulation or enforcement to the same level as the wealthy, and even if I could I would do so much less harm due to the difference in value of unpaid taxes.
Then when you say you don't believe a majority should dictate to a minority, and that a minority should not dictate to a majority, you are essentially demanding that any government act be supported by every single citizen of the state.  Even in a democratic system (ours has some flaws, but is designed to disallow tyranny by the majority), once multiple groups have agreed, the people who "won" the vote are a majority that is forcing their views on the minority who still doesn't agree.
When you say "we (you) actually fight for it" to make things better, at some point, after convincing enough people of our worldview or the utility or justness of our cause, we would become a majority that is pushing it's views on a minority.
Your views seem to be somewhere between libertarianism and anarchism.  Perhaps you recall the quote *"The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread."*
@_date: 2014-05-07 05:11:36
You're very correct, assuming you don't believe in taxes or government services.
Most people DO believe in those things, however, and the ultrawealthy therefore would both benefit vastly more and harm public funding vastly more than any "regular" person could by exploiting loopholes.
@_date: 2014-05-04 09:01:56
Does Indiegogo give the funds to creators as they're donated?  I just don't see how BTC could be a good option if it has a good chance to change in value after being donated but before being "cashed out."
Also accepting BTC could be a huge headache for a tiny start up... works fine if you're accepting it immediately as currency, but not so fine if you're holding onto it or depending on it maintaining its exact previous value.
As an example, let's say the project fails, doesn't meet the funding goal, or is a scam.  You likely wouldn't be getting back your donation in bitcoin, and you could (if the "market" was unsteady for a time) lose a bit of money.  Hopefully bitcoin advocates would understand that, and not be upset, but it sounds scary or like an enormous headache to the platform and to the Indiegogo creators. It could theoretically be far more difficult than even handling foreign funds... also I doubt some tiny 1-5 man group on Indiegogo is going to be excited about complicating their tax situation when they already are likely somewhat in over their heads in terms of experience or competence in business management.
But, as others said, this is more of a canned positive response than any suggestion that they are "considering it."  Now maybe these problems will vanish if bitcoin continues to grow, but Indiegogo, Kickstarter, and the like probably don't want to complicate their business.  They already have their own unique issues, so, unless they think BTC is so popular amongst their userbase as to lead to a large increase in donations and profit, they're not going to take any chances.
@_date: 2014-06-28 22:24:22
Hilariously, there is still a hint in the other thread that allows you to find the potentially incorrect information through Google.  Some person may need a right to be forgotten. ;P
That said, I am truly sorry for this individual if there was some mix up or lie from posters in the prior post.  Even if thebitcoinjournal was somewhat questionable, it would be terrible to be tarred by lies or a coincidental shared name. (or a former partner continuing to act in your stead... although I'd imagine that potential legal action would be warranted in that instance, so that doesn't seem likely given the current events)
I personally wouldn't recommend a huge overreaction like seems to be occurring here, though, as it will draw further interest to things you'd rather avoid. (regardless if they are fact or lies)  Perhaps that won't happen in this instance since this is a relatively unimportant subject, but it is generally better to ignore - or respond civilly - to negative publicity.
(and, as a rule, having an employee or friend or yourself threaten violence is not a legal response to libel - you can't tell people "if you don't stop I'll come to your house with a gun," for future reference. hopefully that screencap was doctored, because that is a really stupid thing to say)
@_date: 2014-09-29 18:46:14
How do people choose which of the third party rating businesses is the best one?  How long could one or more of those rating agencies be corrupted before it reached public consciousness and people chose not to trust their word?  I just don't see how this would in any way be more efficient or less open to corruption than a system designed to answer to the people.  Such a plan would create more information for people to evaluate, with no clear benefit other than "instead of the government becoming corrupt, some business will become corrupt."  Right now half of our regulatory agencies are unable to do their jobs because they're worried that they'll get their funds cut if they're too critical of private business; other than the fact that we've (stupidly) legalized bribery via lobbying and money-as-speech*, there is little reason to believe that the people in charge of private companies aren't just as able to become corrupt or act against the public's interest.
*obviously that's a complicated issue, and I would say that it's probably the right decision but with some enormous issues (people should obviously be able to support what they want, but we end up making our system even more broken by encouraging the people with the most money to have the "most" free speech... and there's not any particularly good solution, assuming we care about free speech enough and are paranoid about restrictions placed upon it)
@_date: 2014-06-28 23:06:39
It's not doxxing that is the problem, it's almost certainly potential libel.  And while truth is an absolute defense, you'd have to have the documentation to prove that truth which is not easily available from random anecdotes online.  So even if for some reason you could get sufficient proof in discovery, and ALL the claims were true, it would still be a big waste of time and effort for reddit and the posters involved.
Now I'm 99% certain that those theoretical threats are just lies, but no one is going to take that chance over such an unimportant character.  (and, while I don't believe it to be the case, I'd be quite offended as well if someone who was mad at me posted lies about me on various websites, only to have those lies brought up repeatedly in future endeavors)
@_date: 2014-05-11 08:23:23
It's difficult to tell if that's an example of a tiny amount of power going to someone's head, or just regular idiocy.
Depending upon when you went to school, it probably would have been easier to walk into an empty office with an unlocked computer (and no security cameras) and edit grades from there.  I don't know why anyone would try it, though, since it basically hinges upon the teacher being incompetent and not double checking the grades.  No one would keep only one copy of those.
@_date: 2014-09-29 18:16:16
But without things like the FDA, private groups could sell you poison.  Your water could be ridiculously contaminated without your knowledge, or your food could be covered in the cheapest and most dangerous pesticides.  I can't see why anyone would prefer to solve those problems after the fact with something like insurance, when the government - if not for corruption, usually by private interests - can attempt to ward off those problems while (hopefully) answering to the people via democracy.  The problem with corruption in government is *people,* not the government itself.  A large corporation could be just as corrupt, if not more so. (assuming a monopoly and the current profit-above-all-else motivation)
Obviously some scam businesses could take advantage of you even with your ideas for consumer protections, but (if those actions aren't taken or at least mandated by the government) it would only complicate matters for the average citizen.  Some of those average people won't be capable of properly protecting themselves, and there is no reason why society should let them be taken advantage of by predatory groups.  It's not as if the government isn't already charged with protecting people from one another in a million other situations.
@_date: 2014-05-08 02:41:19
So then you don't believe in government or society of any kind.  Other than a utopia/eutopia.
@_date: 2014-06-09 22:19:26
In crony-Capitalist America, pursuit of happiness ends in death by police gunfire.
@_date: 2014-06-28 23:38:34
I think it might be a nice idea to let the real Patrick McDowell, who has worked for AP and works as Southeast Asia bureau chief for WSJ, know that someone may have been falsely impersonating his credentials for monetary gain on their news website.
Not much proof left now, but it's still available on Google, googlewebcache, and the project's Indiegogo page.  McDowell may not care since the impact was negligible and Bitcoin Journal is obviously packing up their business, but it would be hilarious to see someone learn a lesson about impersonating people.
@_date: 2014-05-11 08:14:44
student's rights in school aren't particularly well protected. also there is no real proof here, so it's easy to get away with abuse.  they probably could get away with punishing students for religion and political discussion as well, if it was something "provocative" and there was no evidence to prove the school was in the wrong. (so "offensive" statements about popular religion, or proselytizing for smaller, less protected religions, could probably be punished in many school districts, as could speaking harshly against the government if you were advocating [non-violent] revolution for socialism/communism/whatever)
Discussion of religion and politics should be harder to ban based upon enshrined rights, though.  This is one of the many instances where the "drug war" leads to special rules. (kind of like young kids getting suspended for pretending to play with guns, or people accidentally getting their houses raided by joking obviously about terrorism or violence)
@_date: 2014-06-06 22:29:02
So then the type of "debit card" I'm speaking of has no available equivalent in Germany, if you wish to use your card online? (other than a credit card used responsibly)
That seems so inconvenient, even if using a debit card online is clearly a much bigger risk than a using credit card.  (e.g. if for some reason I have to give you my PIN, I've just given you my "signature," and by default I have little fraud protection compared to a credit card)
@_date: 2014-05-11 08:43:18
0 tolerance = 0 thought
It's not intended to be beneficial, it's intended to appear beneficial for votes and to eliminate liability.
Although the whole "school to prison pipeline" idea kind of implies that there's a large number of stupid or corrupt administrators and legislators who really believe in these ideas. (the lawmakers may be bought off by private prisons, but the administrators resorting to overly harsh measures have to be idiots)
@_date: 2014-06-06 21:18:15
Is this a local law?
Because I was under the impression that virtually all retailers would accept a debit card if they accept that type of credit card.  Just from a cursory glance, I already confirmed that both Amazon and Newegg accept debit cards.
EDIT:  Care to give me an example of a vendor that accepts only credit cards (and apparently bitcoin) but not debit cards?  I'm entirely willing to believe that there are vendors that don't accept debit, I just wasn't aware of that downside.
@_date: 2014-06-06 20:43:39
Err, I'm pretty sure a bank will give you a *debit* card as long as you have money to put in an account.  Children can get bank accounts.
@_date: 2014-06-06 20:38:11
You better watch out or your new Bitcoin-backed one world government will make you the worse kind of statistic. 0.o
@_date: 2014-06-06 20:50:44
Don't you have to pay the self employed equivalent of FICA?  I know very little about taxes - I generally have made very little and have been able to use TurboTax easily - but it seems to me that the IRS would require you to identify yourself as self employed for tax purposes.
And while you could escape that by being paid "under the table," you'd probably have to be making very little to not break the law doing that. (also your years where you were pretending to be unemployed and didn't contribute to Social Security and Medicare could probably harm you if you hadn't been working full time long enough prior to your self employment)
@_date: 2014-05-08 22:14:18
I'm an anarchist, in an ideal world, as well.
In your ideal system, what prevents people from acting upon their base impulses, pathologies, and firm-but-not-universal beliefs?  Everyone just willingly getting along is, sadly, a fairy tale.
I would certainly like to believe that there is a possibility of freedom, peace, and happiness for everyone, but there is no clear way to get there from where we are now.  I don't see how you could seriously advocate anarchism without fundamentally denying facts about human nature and the state of the world.
@_date: 2014-09-29 17:03:21
While equating libertarians with anarchists isn't particularly accurate, there are most certainly a huge number of libertarians who would advocate reduced consumer protections because they are opposed to regulation.  You also sound kind of silly advocating consumer protections, police, and the justice system while calling people "statists," as all of those things are very much functions of the state and dependent upon the state.  I'm not sure I understand how that wouldn't make you a "statist" as well.
@_date: 2014-06-28 22:40:10
Well, they have to take that stance if something said was potentially illegal.
The "don't mention people that seem to be fake" seems strange, but if you mention all the potentially fake people, then that - by process of elimination - will lead to information about the person/people who are requesting that his/her name be removed.  Not really much reddit can do about it if the claim is justified, or too much trouble to ignore and/or fight against.
@_date: 2014-06-28 22:13:23
Oh, looks like the deleted post above mine (which I didn't see) and the response confirms that this is likely due to an accusation of libel, rather than any story about someone in witness protection.
Ignore my prior question, as I thankfully don't even remember the name of the person/people (other than the stock photos) that was being criticized.  Hopefully something of what was posted may have been libelous, as it would be quite sad if people were fooled simply due to the high cost barrier of the legal system.
@_date: 2014-06-28 23:42:13
McDowell is a real person, who works for WSJ and AP.  It would be a nice idea to contact him about this slight impersonation, although I would assume he'll simply ignore it. (first contact I could find was twitter, which isn't very helpful lol)
@_date: 2014-05-11 08:37:12
You'd think that in 2004 even a middle school "computer teacher" would have an idea of what was feasible or likely.  It makes me wonder if the person had made a mistake and believed someone had actually changed grades, or if it was just an overreaction from someone who didn't like your "attitude" or knowledge of the subject relative to the rest of the class.  Some people become teachers before they realize how bad they are at it. (it's most obvious with terrible professors, but some teachers of younger kids are shockingly bad as well)