@_author: mlgoody
@_date: 2019-04-08 21:04:36
I'm trying to understand your comment. According to this [website]( 52% of BTC hashing is done by 4 companies. Is the problem with nano that 5 nodes provide most of the security for nano? 
Most of the active people in nano know that Binance should not be a representative.  If you remove Binance, which has a lot of financial stake in not screwing up the crypto economy but shouldn't have this degree of voting power, you need an additional 14 representatives to reach 51% ( [ ). With BTC, it's difficult to say because who represented in the "unknown" category (19.5%). 
As nano grows, more people will distribute their nano to other representatives, further decentralizing the network \*even if\* no one else adds a node. Certainly people will add more representative nodes. To sum, nano will become increasingly decentralized with further time. 
With more time, BTC mining will become harder as hashing becomes more difficult and fewer entities can compete with the larger businesses. Perhaps you can explain to me the method BTC will use to counter this tendency, or otherwise become less centralized? 
All to say, your response sounds like someone scared of losing substantial money at the more efficient, more world-ready nano. Please correct me where I'm wrong, but I just don't see the logic in your argument. Just veiled efforts to scare people from switching from BTC.
@_date: 2019-04-08 21:07:19
Re-reading your argument now, I realize you invoke some legal considerations of having to roll-back transactions. Is your contention that some super legal power will organize the nano representatives to make them roll-back previous transactions? How would you think this is possible? What makes it more possible with nano than BTC? 
"court orders"
@_date: 2018-03-02 12:51:41
Do you know if there are any fee-less, scalable and instant cryptocurrencies? 
@_date: 2018-03-03 04:51:45
Well, for example, some people might love finding creative uses for electricity (mining). Others may find moral edification in developing trust and patience while they wait for their transaction in the amount of thousands of dollars to land in the receiving wallet. I imagine yet another group who enjoy the generosity in paying strangers increasing amounts of money for performing unnecessary services. I'm sure there's even more, but these are the reasons I can think of currently. So, should such a thing come into existence, I'd bet it would be poorly adopted anyhow. 