@_author: mlzr
@_date: 2018-01-17 14:34:42
They were giving away free money on the internet, anyone who wasn't protecting their position by scraping profits deserves to hear the heckling.  Do you remember what it was like Q4?  People made jokes that the best selling Xmas gift would be "bitcoin cancelling headphones".  It works both ways, those who didn't see this crash coming probably shouldn't be playing (that's all this is, playing and betting) large sums of actual real money.
@_date: 2017-12-04 21:34:11
Nobody exports more culture, and that's all that matters at the end of the day.
@_date: 2017-11-06 17:53:44
When's a good time to sell ETH for BTC?  I've wanted to do this a million times and never pull the trigger.  Anyone in a similar situation?
@_date: 2017-11-06 17:52:27
Pepsi is over sweetened, and when taking a simple sip most folks go with the sweeter option.  This is well established.
@_date: 2018-02-02 13:53:45
Wow, you are an idiot OP.  BTC was a ploy to get people away from the *actual* censorship resistant and permissionless system - cash!  I'm fine with making some money by trading while you guys keep your heads in the sand, but the "believers" have a fundamental misunderstanding about how these systems work.
If you want to protect freedom in the world you need to fight to protect paper currency - I know that requires stepping AFK, but the only "anonymous, untraceable, free" way to make transactions is with paper money IRL.  Duh.  Duh.  Duh.  "The powers that be" have been making moves to limit, restrict, and destroy hard currency for decades - all while supporting cryptos (American NSA invention).  You need to take a long hard look at the world and a long hard look in the mirror, bud.
@_date: 2018-02-02 13:45:32
For me, I always looked at cryptos as fake money they were giving away on the internet as part of a pyramid scheme.  It's been almost a decade and BTC (along with other cryptos) are still absolutely shitty to use.  Cryptos are made for autists, by autists - until that changes they will never see wide adoption.  Reasons to use cryptos now:
 * You're in Asia (laff, y'all need to rise up against your shitty governments - get free idiots!) and want to wash your money
 * You think you can play the pyramid scheme better than the general public
 * You have a lot of it from buying early and want to gain real items
I don't think the crash is over, I don't think we've seen the true highs, but I do think that the people playing this game are decreasingly financially literate.  Put some "throw away" money into it, cash out when you can (who cares about paying short term cap gains?  It's free money on the internet!), and never have more in crypto than you're willing to see go to zero.  Last fall people were cashing out of their fucking 401Ks (paying penalties!) to buy crypto.  Asinine.  