@_author: mmmmfigrolls
@_date: 2017-11-01 01:20:18
I woke up as a Bitcoin millionaire today...
@_date: 2017-11-01 22:37:09
Um, it feels bizarre asking for this, but could you display the full 7 digits for balances?
Blockfolio only shows 1.00MM and it'd be nice to see the exact amount.
What a crazy ride.
@_date: 2017-09-15 23:09:50
Created a burner to reply to this.  Personally I've been involved since very close to the start and aside from frittering away 1000's of coins early on (lost some to scams, spent some on Silk Road, gambled some away) I've hodled the whole time with what I have left.
The movements yesterday saw my gains drop by hundreds of thousands, but honestly I'm not concerned at all, for several reasons.
1.  I'm hardened to it by now.  I've been through this many, many times over the years and it's just par for the course now.   It happens a lot, but it always trends up eventually.
2.  I believe in Bitcoin more strongly now than ever.  It's much less speculative than it used to be (when it was hard to spend on actual things, and the general public either hadn't heard about it at all or just wrote it off immediately).  There's real momentum behind Bitcoin now, people are finding it hard to ignore.
3.  China has been a thorn in our side for years, and caused a LOT of drops like this with their "we're banning it for real this time" FUD.  Well now they're actually doing something, finally, and I believe we're better off without them.  They account for something like 12% of volume, which is insignificant enough, and they'll no longer have this banning threat hanging over our heads.  Good riddance to China.
This isn't a brag post, I don't care if you believe any of it, but I'm not silly enough to indicate how many coins I have against my real reddit account.  I'm just replying from someone who holds a lot and why these big drops don't bother me particularly (especially when the news is essentially good news in this case).
@_date: 2017-10-21 10:07:48
Throwaway here too, for the same obvious reasons.
This is a question I ask myself a lot.  I believe in BTC, but it's still very tempting to cash out and disappear.  I've been around since the start, and like a lot of us back then had 1000's of coins at one point, but as they were basically worth nothing at the time they were frittered away on stuff (scams, "investments", satoshi dice, Silk Road etc).   Trenton Shavers made off with a large chunk of my coins, but I also did pretty well out of his scam before it imploded.  I still have a bunch (140 or so) sitting in Pyramining which are never coming back :D
Doesn't worry me, no regrets, and after all the above I was left with just over 100 coins which I've been hodling since 2011.  I got that up to around 120 after Bcash (thanks for that guys), and fingers crossed can get a few more out of Bitcoin Gold and 2x.
Once that hits a million dollars, which is really really close now, it's going to be tempting, but I don't think we're close to the end of the ride yet (if ever).  I think what I'll do is sell just enough for a deposit on an investment property and just carry on hodling the rest.  
Crazy times we live in.