@_author: mmopth
@_date: 2014-02-18 15:56:28
It's easy to hold Bitcoins instead of converting it to fiat when it only constitutes what is a disposable portion of your income.
@_date: 2014-02-18 15:54:40
Why do we get physicists to build rockets when they have been trained to only work with skewed assumptions such as no friction?
1) Their training has not been skewed by centralised banking systems. Not everything they learn revolves around that, and even so those are just variables that can be adjusted. Using the analogy with physicists, just because basic equations for motion do not include frictions, it doesn't exclude the possibility of doing so because they know very well the limitations of the equations and how to deal with it.
@_date: 2014-05-16 07:43:48


Why go through that complexity, just set your own server up which has the code. Such an idea for a virus wouldn't be anything new.
@_date: 2014-02-18 21:11:54
Because clearly those people don't understand economic models but you, the person who thinks that something which increases by 2000% in value in the space of a year is a genius when it comes to economics.
@_date: 2013-12-18 11:34:34


You're an idiot for many reasons.
1) Reddit hides the true number of upvotes and downvotes. They might throw in some downvotes but some upvotes as well. 
2) They're downvoting shills? Maybe they just genuinely think your post is idiotic.
3) small groups who want to crash bitcoin are influencing this sub? HAHAHA no. The people influencing this sub by in far are the delusional bitcoin advocates that the bitcoin is the best thing since sliced bread. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 11:43:15
Apparnetly those sneaky downvote bots are just after you aren't they? Seems everything is a fucking conspiracy to you. Ever take a moment to just stop and think that maybe, just maybe you're simply  an idiot and you don't realise it? And that maybe it's not bots who are targeting you, or any other group but instead simply you are being downvoted for being the voice of idiocy.
@_date: 2013-12-03 08:52:28


And is full of idiot's who just circle jerk each other.
@_date: 2013-11-18 06:42:48
You only have to pay your taxes in the national currency. Everything else past that it's still useless.
It can be interesting as a concept, they might like the idea of bitcoin. They might even buy some bitcoins. Doesn't mean that they have to think that Bitcoin will absolutely be the next big thing. At least that's the case for me. Whenever somebody says "Bitcoin is going to the be the next big thing and absolutely everybody will use it to transfer money" or something along those lines and are absolutely certain about it, I can't help but think they're a fucking idiot. 
There are a million different things and hobbies out there that are fundamentally useless. People still find interest in them.
@_date: 2013-11-18 10:31:15
You don't need to try and convince me about the benefit of Bitcoin. I've heard them all. 
Don't act as if Bitcoin has no disadvantages at all. It has it's advantages, it has it's disadvantages.
Yes, I can think of something potentially better. A wire transfer. It might cost something like $20 - $30 at your bank, but it's much more secure and you lock in a rate. With Bitcoin you're exposed to fluctuations, even if it isn't much. If you're spending a sizeable amount, the fixed rate wire transfer is a much better option.
Though it does assume you're sending a sizeable amount. Again not inherently better, but "better" is a subjective term. A person sending $20 is going to find bitcoin much better than a wire transfer since a wire transfer will cost more than that in transaction costs. 
Can't be frozen is an advantage? I suppose so but it's an advantage that 99.99% of the population will probably make use of. Your computer getting hacked and you losing all your bitcoins is a disadvantage of bitcoin.
So yes, there are better ways, but better is subjective. A Chinese firm having to send an amount more than a grand will probably benefit find a wire transfer to be a better option than sending via bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-18 11:10:42


Yes they are better in certain circumstances. You were able to read the examples given in the previous post right? For businesses, the cost of a wire transfer is tiny compared to what they are sending. The potential cost for them if they were to send it via bitcoin would be in the percent range rather than a fixed amount due to currency fluctutations. And you're not just facing fluctuations from one currency to another. You're facing the fluctuations from one currency, to bitcoin, then from bitcoin back to the final currency.


No there aren't. Not that I'm aware of. I sent about $100 to China for a sample product a few years ago. Cost me $30. The fee was expesive, but was fixed.


Not if you keep your money in your bank. It's really fucking stupid arguments like that that bitcoin advocates make that make put me off and think they're all stupid. How much of your money do you keep at home? Most people keep a huge portion of their money in a bank. If the bank gets broken into, the bank will reimburse you. Now until some bitcoin bank appears and is willing to reimburse you for any bitcoins stolen whilst in their possession, out of their own funds, then fiat currency is ultimately much safer.


You're right. It is possible to be very very safe with bitcoin, but all that has to happen is somebody has to create malware which can read your keystrokes, check your computer memory for text that has been copied in. Copying the actual wallet is  fairly trivial for malware. It's not that much more complicated than what currently exists. I've played around with some RATs and crypters to see how well they can get past commercial antivirus software. AV software can detect older crypted files with relative ease, ie maybe within a week or two. And remember this is pretty much off the shelf crypting software which other people have access to. The more difficult part I image is the injection. Anyway, the point I'm making is that ultimately there is still a considerably larger amount of risk even with all those precautions compared to holding your money in a bank.


Then why the fuck did you say that wire transfers are not better at the start of your post. Fucking hell.
@_date: 2013-12-03 08:55:33
Couldn't agree with this more. does "bash" bitcoin a lot more than those in do. But those on typically bash what I think are rational economic answers, yet they are fucking oblivious to it.
Just a bit up from here a comment saying


And it's got 8 upvotes. Great. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 02:27:16


Just because a person thinks bitcoin is fundamentally useless, it does not mean that they do not have an interest in it. What he said also applies to national currencies. They have no intrinsic value at all.
@_date: 2013-12-18 11:36:43
Holy fuck you're retarded. Spending a lot of time on reddit and making a lot of posts makes you some fucking reddit wizard that knows how the site operates on a technical level? Get your head out of your ass. 


A submission's score is simply the number of upvotes minus the number of downvotes. If five users like the submission and three users don't it will have a score of 2. Please note that the vote numbers are not "real" numbers, they have been "fuzzed" to prevent spam bots etc. So taking the above example, if five users upvoted the submission, and three users downvote it, the upvote/downvote numbers may say 23 upvotes and 21 downvotes, or 12 upvotes, and 10 downvotes. The points score is correct, but the vote totals are "fuzzed".
