@_author: mmvalley
@_date: 2014-08-01 08:08:22
It depends on where - banks in developed markets, especially Europe, are very asset-focused and make a lot of revenues from lending. In emerging markets, however, many banks are much more transaction-focused and tend to generate large revenues from this. I'm not going to go into all the reasons on why this is the case but it stems from inefficient payment systems, regulation and disposable income. All of that said, one thing I have to agree on: most people on this and other similar threads have no clue how money / payment systems really work. The banks actually have a lot of value to offer in the development of Bitcoin given their deep understanding of the markets they operate in and what the actual issues are (mostly last mile problems that Bitcoin cannot necessarily solve). Bitcoin companies are arrogant. Banks are clueless. We'll all be better off if they all just work together a bit. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 06:03:06
This is exactly what I was referring to as the problem with how many people in the Bitcoin community argue the merits. Where on earth do these numbers come from? 10% to 5%?. Has anyone actually sat down and done the math? So let's ignore 10%+ because as we said these are cash to cash businesses - if it was done with Bitcoin it would cost the same. Let's compare Person 1 in Country A (with a bank account - because you need one for conversion even if you were sending BTC) transferring money to Person 2 in Country B (also with a bank account) and Person 3 in Country B (different bank). What is the actual cost of transfers for $1, $10, $100 or $1000? Then we compare this to a BTC transfer, add 2 exchange fees on either side, add some compliance costs (I'm sure banks have quantified the cost of compliance when they present to regulators etc, has anyone seen something like this? And that's for big banks with lots of scale, the per transaction cost for small exchanges will be much higher), let's ignore the volatility and cross-border price differentials of BTC for now (which also has a cost, and it can be material in the short run) and if we add it all up, what is the cost of a BTC transfer in all those scenarios vs a bank transfer (let's say for three different global banks). If anyone has done this calc or seen it it would be very helpful to see. I just suspect the answer might not be what we'd all like it to be. I hope I'm wrong. 
(and btw I'm not saying this doesn't mean BTC can't work - I am still a believer and there are potentially other applications, even if it's just the fact that people can invent faster using an open-source payment protocol - as if all the banks just opened up all their API's. My concern here is just that we should make statements to the public that are well-informed and grounded in reality with at least some data backing it up, plus knowing these things will also help the community focus on the right BTC business opportunities to build use cases where the benefit is not marginal).  
@_date: 2014-11-11 19:05:04
Related thread: 
@_date: 2014-02-27 06:04:35
Much more constructive. 