@_author: mobm3ntal1ty
@_date: 2017-08-13 10:26:21
Like most people investing in bitcoin, I am ignorant of bitcoin pretending to know more about bitcoin. The scary part is, there are hundreds of ignorant people like me who have money. We have heard of bitcoin and have seen it rise incredibly since August 01, 2017. This may have happened in the past but I guaranty that there were not enough Ignoramus who invested back then.
This time is different. There are hundreds or even thousands of ignoramus like me who are now buying bitcoin thereby contributing in the overvaluation of bitcoin. We don't know what a hardfork is or what segwit or segwit2x is or how Bitcoin spawned Bitcoin cash. We don't know what bitcoin was like prior to August 1, 2017 and don't really care 'coz we are also lazy to read and research information. We don't know how to mine or how it works or what equipment is optimum for mining. What we ignoramus do know is that there is a virtual coin called bitcoin that is the original (true or not, that is what we know and that is all that matters) and its price is skyrocketing. As ignorant fools, we ignoramus want a piece of the action and started buying bitcoins. Because we are so simple minded, as long as the price goes up, we will keep on buying. We don't care about correction in value or even know what it is. What we do know is when the price of bitcoin starts to go down, we will start to get nervous and our true ignorant nature will panic and start dumping our bitcoins. The ignorant masses will accelerate the plummeting of bitcoin price once we sniff just a tiny whiff of decrease in value. No amount of convincing or logical explanation will change our mind once our ignorance starts rolling. But that is ok, because all of you here are smart and know how bitcoin works. You know that when the price of bitcoin starts to go down, you too will sell your bitcoins. Then the price will go back to its initial level and the cycle will begin again. Buy low, sell high.
Thanks to ignorant people like me, we will continue to buy bitcoin in the next two weeks because we believe (fact or not) that it is possible for a commodity to sustain its increasing value for max of two weeks. (Why two weeks? We are ignorant, don't ask me.) Post two weeks, we would start to get edgy and jumpy and nervous because by then our fear out of ignorance will kick in and tell us to sell because in our mind, we would think that it is impossible to sustain such increase in price for so long. 
So my tip to you is: enjoy your bitcoins by observing how the ignorant masses behave. Don't bother educating us. We will not listen and we are too dumb to learn.  We are the monkey see monkey do... the mob mentality!