@_author: mobydobie
@_date: 2014-03-05 11:48:32
Ianal, but I think the gox coins would probably count as securities under us law, since the owners are not really involved in running the business, are expecting returns, and it's a common enterprise (Howey test). I can't see how they would exempt from registration requirements either. 
So, if I am right, it would be illegal to offer them to us citizens (and maybe us residents) without registering with the sec (which is expensive, time consuming, and requires full disclosure - like an ipo). It also mean people wanting to sell then in would need a broker's license or have to go thru a broker (not sure), and it would probably be a criminal offense for anybody to trade them based on material non public information (insider trading).
@_date: 2014-02-10 13:54:23


I have some training in statistics.
Assuming the "bad" coins are randomly mixed with the "good" coins in mtgox, it should be possible to make a rough estimate of the overall % of bad coins in mtgox's "live" coin pool.... if you are prepared to share a bit more data - what was the avg. number of coins in the failed &amp; successful transactions.
@_date: 2014-03-16 16:10:34
An unscrupulous person could sell non existent bit coins, after all they are just numbers shown in a web page.  And the same person cpuld simply spend some of the money people sent in.  
Such a person would never get found out as long as there was enough cash and bit coins on hand to handle immediate withdrawal requirements.  Especially if they made the withdrawal process difficult and slow.
Only when there was a mass withdrawal would they get discovered.
@_date: 2014-03-27 10:02:58
They don't and they won't. (stop you from accessing what is legally yours).
Do you imagine that there are huge piles of cash sitting ready in the backroom of every branch, on the off chance that a person might walk in unannounced and want to immediately withdraw a very large sum?   The branch has to order cash from head office, so it is physically at their location.
You just fill in a form (correction: i believe when i asked for a large amount of cash, i just verbally told them, and they filled in a form), and come back 1 day (at most) later. Or go to a larger branch where they keep more cash on hand..
@_date: 2014-03-27 08:42:35
Actually you can withdraw as much as you want.  You just have to do it by bank transfer, cheque, or banker's draft. Or simply wait one day, or less, to get physical notes.
It's only a slight inconvenience at most. They aren't stopping you withdrawing all your money, if you wish to.
The 500 limit (it's different at different branches and banks) applies to taking physical notes from the branch, and is in place for two reasons:
1. They don't always keep enough physical cash in every branch to service people taking large amounts, unless they pre-order it from headquarters. They can however get it within 1 business day, just go ask the day before you want the notes. Some branches can even get it same day. Some branches keep more on hand, and will allow larger wihdrawals.
2. It's a security measure.  Once a person walks out with the cash it is untraceable.  In the uk, the bank is liable if they give your cash to the wrong person, like an impersonator.  By requiring you identify yourself twice at the branch, they reduce the chances of this happening.
@_date: 2014-03-31 08:23:10
Allen Stanford, for exactly this offense. Currently serving a 110 year prison sentence. 
While banks do plenty of other things wrong, but banks based in western countries in theory always have enough assets to cover their liabilities, even when operating fractional reserve. This is because some of the assets are in the form of loans or investments, which in theory can be converted to cash if needed (the problem that banks sometimes have is that assets may not be very liquid, and thus hard to convert to cash, or assets may turn out to not be worth as much as they thought). Regulators will check there are enough assets in total, and that a "reasonable" proportion of the assets are liquid.
Simply not having enough assets at all, and continuing to trade, is trading while insolvent, a form of fraud, and is often linked to other offenses, such as paying fraudulent returns ponzi style, etc.  And that is what gets people, like Stanford, sent to prison.
@_date: 2014-03-27 12:34:24
He's simultaneously asking the US courts to help him and protect him from his creditors (remember the Chapter 15 filing), while refusing to go to the US to answer questions in the related cases.
If he doesn't want to go to the US, that's fine.  But he shouldn't get any relief from the US courts in these cases either.   In or out - he can't have it both ways.
@_date: 2014-04-02 08:10:42
He visited the US in order to consult with his lawyers, before filing for bankruptcy protection. That was only about a month ago. He apparently didn't have any fears about it then.
Now, when the very same court (at which he filed bankruptcy protection) wants to ask him questions, he apparently has more important things to do.... 
@_date: 2014-03-27 14:38:19
MtGox is asking for relief from the courts, he is being asked to travel to the US as the head of MtGox, so okay maybe MtGox shouldn't get any relief, if they can't send a qualified person to testify for them in the cases.
That aside...
I haven't checked exactly which companies he has filled bankruptcy for, but he is the sole shareholder in several companies in the group, and 88% shareholder in the other.  And he is I believe the sole director.  So I think that there's a pretty good argument, that these companies are his alter-egos.
@_date: 2014-04-02 08:16:20
He apparently wasn't worried when he visited the US about a month ago.
@_date: 2014-04-02 18:29:07
First of all, it's a civil not criminal case.
Secondly, the people who want to nterview him are the plaintiff's lawyers, who accuse him of fraudulently taking their money.  Why would they agree to grant him immunity when they are accusing him of being the thief.
It would be like in your case if the German prosecutor had said to the allegeded murderer, "ok you get immunity just fr turning up".
@_date: 2014-04-02 20:29:57
Same judge, and intertwined case.  Because the group suing him cant proceed, if he is covered by bankruptcy protection.
So the first issue is whether or not to grant bankruptcy protection, and that requires him to testify, so that those opposing get a chance to ask their questions, and the judge gets to ask his.
@_date: 2014-04-02 09:44:55
Civil Depositions are done in person. And video taped in major cases like this.  They are intended to be used in evidence in civil cases.  They are not done by phone, because it doesn't allow the lawyers, jury or judge to review the person's demeanour.
@_date: 2014-04-02 08:13:06
Mark Karpeles was quite happy to enter the US about 1 month ago. He apparently visited the US to talk to his US lawyers before filing for bankruptcy protection in a US court.
He only decided that he couldn't visit the US when that very same court decided to ask him some questions.
@_date: 2014-03-21 11:00:52
Ianal. But Unfortunately it's probably not the same.
If you have shares and cash with a broker/dealer, the broker is required (by law, regulations and sec enforcement) to keep customer funds and assets segregated, and they are customer property held in trust by the broker.
However there is no evidence that mtgox ever segregated customer deposits, and pretty good evidence that they didn't.  
  (whether they were supposed to or not is another question, and depends on the law, terms of service, and their representations to customers, but I think there are pretty good odds that they didn't legally need to do so either. Look at the leaked business plan documents, they treat all money in the company as belonging to mtgox. Even if these were prepared by karpeles or another non-professional, they would have been in part based on accounts prepared by professionals/accountants).
Your deposit in mtgox is however more like a gift card.  It just shows as a liability (debt) on the company's books. You're just another unsecured creditor.
If you want a tv analogy, it's like you pay a company to make a tv, and they go bankrupt before they build it or ship it.  You're just another unsecured creditor, you're unlikely to get a tv, or all your money back.
@_date: 2014-03-14 09:51:42
If you put something in the public domain, it means that you have given up all your rights, do not have and will not enforce your copyright, and people can do whatever they like with it. Including sell it.  (note for example, the text you linked to said there are no restrictions on usage).
For example, Shakespeare's plays are all public domain (by virtue of age in this case), but there are tons of for sale books and movie adaptions. Some of the books just copy the text, others add to it, add commentary, or are new stories sort of based on the original.  The authors of books and movies of this type can, and do, claim copyright. And their copyrights are enforceable.  However their copyright only protects their adaptions, additions, interpretations, etc., and not the original Shakespeare text (which remains in the public domain, no matter what others do).
Once something is in the public domain, it remains in the public domain... Nobody can take it under copyright, not even the original author (although of course additions, adaptions, etc, can be copyrighted, as in the Shakespeare example).
If you don't want people to sell your icons, or you want to place other restrictions, you should retained the copyright, and given a free license (I.e. A formal set of permissions), saying people can do x, y and z, but not a, b, and c.
@_date: 2014-03-14 21:18:28
Any theory needs to explain the missing cash as well.   He lost the wallet keys for example doesn't explain how 30 million dollars disappeared from mtgox's bank accounts.