@_author: modernlocke
@_date: 2018-08-21 05:37:27
Having a "truly locked supply" is detrimental to economic growth, inflation is necessary to repay interest on borrowed funds. If the supply is locked then growth would create a deflationary effect making it impossible to repay interest. That very fact would necessitate funds be borrowed in nationally denominated currency, and if you can't loan out funds you are essentially just holding onto them hoping they'll grow without increased production or added value to the economy. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 03:25:00
When an “asset” is advertised, it means it’s trying to create value. I rarely see advertisements for the Euro or the Pound. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 06:35:35
That's not a good move. As you've seen, I'm very against investing in crypto, however you should never short an unpredictable market. Crypto is too volatile to predict, it may rise to $10,000 again on some random piece of news then crash back down to $4,000. The best bet is just to avoid betting, 100% speculative markets cannot be predicted, only manipulated by those with the means to do so. In fact, the major crash that occurred last month happened because of a failed market manipulation that caused a margin default and forced a sale of $40,000,000. In Asia a trader placed tons of separate buys and the exchange tried to get him to reduce his position. He refused, they froze his account, then the price dropped and he defaulted forcing the sale of all his bitcoin. It's so fucked. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 03:01:54
Can you exchange crypto at a bank? Can you pay taxes with crypto? It is not a currency, it has no real functional value except to sell or exchange with others. Crypto is only worth as much as you are able to convince a market it is worth, and without regulation it is driven 100% by speculation and the ability of the seller to convince the buyer it has value. If the value of my house drops at least I can live in my house, it has function. Unregulated crypto is nothing more than a Ponzi Scheme. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 14:54:32
Gambling is playing chance, investing is make educated guesses based on a foundation of information that supports your assessment. One can walk away at a casino anytime they like as well. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 03:55:14
They don’t charge fees for transactions because it is the exchange itself buying your coins on the shift card. Exchanges facilitate transactions so in other words they are simply allocating your bitcoin to another individual who was buying it. They are making money off of $20 card issuance fee, 3% for international transactions, $2.50 for ATM withdrawals (plus standard ATM fee). 
In other words, if you want to exchange it for cash then they charge you money. If you are buying a product domestically then they will bill your account according to what they are able to sell your bitcoin for at the time the card is used. Additionally they put limits on how much you can withdraw (only $200/day with coin base) or spend ($1,000 limit/day).
The limits are important because what they are saying is that the exchanges will collapse if they have to facilitate the sale of too much bitcoin at one time. Part of what helps bitcoin maintain it’s value is actually the lack of people selling bitcoin. By creating a way to easily exchange bitcoin for cash it could result in a scenario where the flux of bitcoin sales suddenly skyrockets creating a huge supply. Because the exchange is responsible for facilitating the sales of the crypto they could hold onto it and purposefully withhold the sales of the bitcoin, but they would still have to recoup their money at some point. The more they would have to do that the more costly and dangerous it becomes, remember ALL coin exchanges are trying to make money in nationally denominated currencies, not crypto. That should tell you something. 
In other words, it is a way of trying to convince people bitcoin has value without actually allowing them to fully take out all of their value, because to do so could crash the market. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 15:42:03
1. When I used the term "peg", I was not saying they were literally pegged, I was trying to convey that there are in fact relevant ways to measure the value of the dollar. I used the term because people always talk about "pegging" currency to commodities and I was trying to make the point that they are in fact measurable in their values....unlike crypto. There is literally no way to value crypto.
2. A Ponzi Scheme is very simple, old investors rely on new investors to continue growth and net profits. When new investors cease the scheme collapses. When did I ever get what a ponzi-scheme is wrong? Even the SEC has released statements warning about ponzi-schemes in crypto. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 03:23:02
I agree, $0 here we come. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 06:30:53
I wish I had been more vocal in this Reddit after hearing your story, I was very active on facebook that people needed to avoid getting caught up in the fear of missing out. I'm just so sick and tired of the way many of the top financial voices are talking about crypto, they are pumping and dumping repeatedly. The SEC even knows this but they aren't allowed to regulate it because they don't even consider it a security, but to consider it a security would give it validation they don't want to give it.  
There are very few economists who see true value coming out of unregulated cryptocurrencies for all of the reasons I've been stating. It's all guys with lots of money in finance driving the price shifts and you can expect regulations to come down pretty hard on them eventually the more it causes uneducated individuals to lose money.   
The people in this reddit don't have a firm foundation in economics or monetary theory, they only know what they've read from articles feeding them that this is the way of the future. Bottom line, there are better and safer places to put your money. This crypto isn't an investment, it's just gambling, and the house always wins. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 06:49:28
1. Currencies fluctuate relative to each other based on the cost of purchasing goods or repaying currency denominated debt. If the US had zero economic output and produced no goods, no one would buy the dollar because they would not be able to buy any products. Countries intentionally try and reduce the value of their currencies so they can increase exports and reduce imports. If you're taking me saying "pegged" so literally as that it directly sticks to what GDP is, then yea, but what I am saying is the value of the currencies fluctuate with the economic output, inflation, and bond rates of the country. As we saw in Venezuela, simply printing money does not work because it isn't detached from economic production. We do, however, have a petro-dollar.
2. The world is driven by debt. This is not an assumption, this is the reality of the world we live in. But, since you asked nicely: 
3. Right, what do I know, it's not like central banks aren't actively pursuing the idea or anything...
You should really do your research before acting high and mighty,
Signed, the one who is actually educated in economics. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 14:52:44
You realize that finite amount means at some point the supply won't increase right? I've gone in depth on all of my issues with crypto and you've done nothing except claim I have no idea what I'm talking about even though I've literally laid out from an economics standpoint everything you've brought up. If you think a finite amount of money doesn't mean the environment that money produces is deflationary then you didn't even take Econ 101. You are literally arguing on topics you know nothing about and on a couple occasions have just said blatantly incorrect things. You think you know more than you do and I'm aware nothing I say can make you realize that. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 05:11:50
1. There is a very good reason governments don't accept bitcoin, it's because it isn't pegged to anything. A very common misconception is that 'fiat' currency, because it is no longer pegged to gold, is not pegged to anything. This is categorically false. Currencies are issued by government central banks and are manipulated through interest rates and bond purchases/sales to balance inflation, debt, and GDP. This is a very very important function because supply and demand don't always act efficiently. We assume people behave rationally, however that is rarely the case, as was the case back in 2008.
2. It is not a currency, it is an asset class. As I said before, it is not pegged to anything. You settled those transactions with bitcoin because your friend saw value in them. Eventually however, your friend would have to pay taxes or pay off debt, he cannot do that with crypto. He would need to find another buyer, and as I stated above it is not simply because governments don't want to, it's because there is no way to stabilize it's value. It is completely and utterly at the whim of other people wanting to buy it. 
3. The reason the dollar went up for that period in time had to do with a liquidity crisis due to these markets behaving inefficiently. This is very different from a recession, which is when growth slows. What happened in 2008 was an economic COLLAPSE. So essentially, banks borrow from each other to maintain their reserve balances. When the banks began to collapse, the interest rate banks requested on short term loans grew drastically as the risk had grown drastically. Banks became reluctant to loan to each other and instead sought "safe" investments for their money in the form of Treasury Bonds. This compounded the problem. The dollar rises in value when demand is high but supply is low, this liquidity crunch ran up the cost of the dollar causing businesses and individuals in need of money to liquidate their non-productive assets, such as gold, and offer much higher yield rates on corporate bonds. When the dollar rises in value, this is actually deflationary, so the Fed dropped interest rates and purchased bonds to put liquidity back into the market. Do not confuse a rising dollar with a healthy economy. If crypto had been around back then their prices would have plummeted as well. The dollar went up in value because banks were afraid to lend and people still had debt to pay off in dollar denominated debt around the world. The economic collapse was a global event, not a US only phenomenon. 
4. That is not the only issue, multiple companies have come under scrutiny for fraud and many do not have the balance sheets to back up the claimed value of their issuing.
5. No, this is so wrong. This is so completely and utterly wrong. As I said before, companies and governments pay debt in nationally denominated currency. Almost all of the big players in crypto would sell in order to meet these obligations. That may be true for emerging markets, as I mentioned with Venezuela, but the inverse is true for industrialized markets. 
6. I get it, you're libertarian and hate the government, but what is your economic expertise here? There is rampant misinformation in these subreddits and forums of the like, and it is being driven by people who are seeking to profit off of little guys they think are easily manipulated. Almost all the crypto wealth in the world is controlled by 67 wallets, and you think that means your somehow protected? I'm in here trying to educate people because I have friends who didn't listen to me and are in dire fucking financial straights now, don't let your idealist view of crypto drive against rationality. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 14:56:31
I'm checking out of this conversation, have fun "investing", I'm done trying to save you money. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 04:16:59
As long as taxes are required to be paid in nationally denominated currency and bonds are required to be denominated in a nationally backed currency, they will never be able to “skip” fiat. The economic principles are firmly in disagreement with your assertion. 
This is the flaw in that thinking, every single company that buys or accepts crypto for reimbursement does so with the express purpose of turning around and selling it because they cannot pay back their bond offerings or taxes in crypto. As such, the price of crypto needs to be stable, or attached to some measurable output, such as GDP or resources for investment in a national economy. The main problem is the price of crypto is driven up when people AREN’T selling.  The shift card, as I mentioned below, puts limitations on how much can be redeemed for this explicit reason. Companies are not “investing”, so everything will hit the exchange as supply. The price and demand is driven 100% by private INVESTORS, not spenders. But because there is no economic production backing it, like how currencies fluctuate with each other on exchanges based on what they expect to be able to buy from that country in the future, there is no reason to invest in crypto except to pray there will be more buyers. 
It seems counter intuitive, but the more bitcoin is “exchanged” for the purchase of goods, the more the price will be driven down. This will remain true until governments decide to accept payment in unregulated crypto, which will never happen. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 02:56:03
1. The reason countries are important with regards to money is because you pay taxes in local currency which are fundamental to the funding of projects, not being able to pay taxes in crypto is not a positive.
2. Because of this crypto is not a class of currency, it is an “asset”, which means it should hold the functional ability of a way to store wealth.
3. The ability of an asset to store wealth relies on functionality and, as crypto is trying to do, mutually agreed upon demand. Something that is relatively expected to be in demand when currencies are losing value, this is why we see an inverse relationship between gold and currency in economic downturns.
4. Unlike gold, the fact that crypto is stored digitally and has no 3rd party verification of transfer is a huge negative. I don’t think gold is an intelligent investment either, but 3rd party verification of ownership and futures contracts allow the security that gold you own will remain yours. Crypto’s lack of 3rd party makes it susceptible to fraud, being an easy target for hackers who on numerous occasions have stolen millions with relative ease.
5. The culmination of these characteristics is that in an economic downturn crypto is likely the first asset to be liquidated in order to pay off debts. This means it actually behaves the opposite of a place to store wealth, rising on speculation when the economy is good and plummeting when economies go down. The only reason the inverse occurred in Venezuela is because the Venezuelan economy was producing NOTHING of value, eradicating the usefulness of even owning a bolivar. Meanwhile, the industrialized markets have been exploding in growth, so their exuberance provided Venezuelans an outlet for their currency that was declining due to their economy. Even so, they could only productively make use of their crypto by purchasing from outside of their country because the use of bitcoin was banned by the Venezuelan government. Crypto will not behave the same way when those responsible for driving the price up, western economies, experience a downturn of their own.
6. Blockchain is an incredible technology and we will likely see a REGULATED state crypto currency eventually, but right now crypto is literally nothing more than a ponzi scheme. I love the technology and think it is a game changer, but the expectation that crypto can somehow remain stable without regulation is preposterous and precisely the reason it is doomed to fail. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 04:27:11
I tried to back when the price was $10,000, I tried when it was $12,000, I tried all the way up until it hit $20,000 and crashed. I argued every day with people who know nothing of economics and were drawn in by the big fish building value just to drop them on their asses.
This isn’t a joke anymore, people are putting their livelihoods in this and they need to understand it is incredibly dangerous. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 03:18:49
This is not paying bills with bitcoin lmao, it’s nothing more than a company buying your bitcoin for under market value. Let’s break this down.
1. You have bills so you go to the exchange to sell your bitcoin, then use the funds to pay your bills.
2. This “service”, cuts down your work by buying your bitcoin and paying your bills for you. In exchange you pay a small “fee” in bitcoin.
3. They are actually doing nothing more than buying your bitcoin for less by smoothing the process of operations. Their model is based on the idea that the fee will provide enough cushion to turnaround and sell the bitcoin at market price, netting the difference.
4. This will not affect the price of bitcoin positively or negatively, if the value of bitcoin is dropping they will increase the net fee as the fee is denominated in Australian currency and not crypto. This is nothing more than an exchange with good marketing lol. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 06:06:22
Ok, let's say you want to start a business. I lend you $100 at 5% interest, you intend to have a profit margin of 10%. The first year you sell your products for $10 and meet your obligations fine. The next year your profit margins remain the same, however the costs of your products have dropped and you now sell them for $9. Do you see the issue here? The interest becomes harder to repay as time goes on despite margins staying the same, resulting in a proportionally smaller bottom line. Interest rates in a low inflationary environment sustain growth while a deflationary environment has to pay a continually higher percentage of 'real money' to sustain. This is basic economics. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 05:20:27
Congratulations, you're gambling, not investing. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 03:23:46
I hear tulips are a hot buy right now 
@_date: 2019-03-19 14:06:00
@_date: 2019-03-19 17:29:35
No, I understand that, except what do they buy bitcoin with then? It costs more to mine bitcoin than it’s worth at this point, bitcoin is an asset not money. 