@_author: moderndemagogue
@_date: 2016-08-15 23:57:19
The street value of what they have is probably *much* higher.
@_date: 2018-01-16 11:23:41
You have any issue with my statement or you looking to just make a meaningless comment?
If a government does not control the currency used for transactions within its country it has no functional sovereignty.
Study WWI, WWII, the Cold War, and even before that the 30 years war and 100 years war— the US strength, similarly, is tied to the unquestionable repayment of its debt. If you're concerned about inflation, just buy TIPS or other equities. Blockchain outside of government control creates some opportunities for faster transaction clearing, but you still need to be able to freeze and seize assets with a warrant. Until then, all crypto's are fucked.
@_date: 2016-04-12 12:22:39
It's still a federal crime. The U.S. doesn't stop owning its currency just because its somewhere else. Whether it's per se illegal in another country, I don't know or care.
Are you going to be tried and convicted? Who knows. But pretty sure the US extends its jurisdiction to its currency wherever it goes, and no one has the carrier battle groups to stop it.
@_date: 2016-04-12 13:48:18
Nope, didn't miss that part.
@_date: 2018-01-12 17:43:37


You don't have full control of your money and you should not have full control of "your" money because its not entirely "your" money.
The rest of have an interest in it, and what you do with it. 


How is it stealing if you cannot prove you obtained it legally?


So why are you bitching about the US? Its not our problem your government is our bitch.


So what are you bitching about? You take a shit on my country because you were inconvenienced for four hours?
Fuck off.


In the US? Or Canada?
I want my cut.
@_date: 2016-04-12 09:31:13
Good job admitting to a federal crime and posting enough evidence to convict. When you wrote the title of "defaced" you violated the intent part of 
@_date: 2018-01-12 18:50:44
I don't think you know what that word means.
@_date: 2018-01-17 08:11:50
I’m honestly curious- do you think any of his responses were legitimate?
Who exactly got “rekt” here?
Because his response was so incoherent I wasn’t going to bother unless people actually thought the six year Army vet pacifist who can be called into active status because he volunteered for it and has demonstrated no knowledge of well, anything, had a point.
@_date: 2018-01-16 12:27:58


Most fundamentally it is physical protection from aggression of others. The US military expenditures basically ensure the stability of the world. It's called hegemonic stability theory.


It's not, there are checks and balances.
The US government is already a distributed solution to the N-Generals problem via the House, the Senate, the Executive, the Courts, and theoretically in practice now the Military since we have a standing Army.
Furthermore, the Federal Reserve is a hybrid public-private partnership which acts in the interests of the people with investment from the banking sector, and under the ultimate control of the civilian government.


No... all spending is given consideration to ultimate net effect.
Are there winners and losers? Yes, but your alternative is a existential threat to our system without any suggestion of viable alternative.


Savings is not intended to be stored in a savings account. The idea is that surplus value should be reinvested in the economy, rather than extracted. If you want low risk solutions, there are Inflation Protected Securities which return certain basis points over inflation. 


None of these are outside of governments. Are you kidding me? Gold was confiscated during WWII. Land is subject to fee-simple title, not allodial title. Art is often used for money laundering, but its not legal and you get fucked if you get caught. Same with precious stones.
You're just talking about some of the many regulated asset classes whose values have risen for a number of reasons, one of which is inflation (the others are a shit ton more people with longer life expectancies and fewer wars, meaning greater demand for every physical asset and things like art become more valuable over time — rare masterpieces weren't rare in their time).
Remember people lose Bitcoin Keys all the time. Imagine the day when despite there being just under 21 million Bitcoins in existence,  there are only a few hundred in circulation because we lost the rest.


No they don't. Where is the case for this?


What does peace have to do with this? Why would you want peace? Are you nuts? As an American we're 300 million people in a world of over 7 billion yet we use 25% of the natural resources. Are standard of living and way of life is incompatible with peace. We use our military to develop and establish the freedoms, luxuries, and powers we enjoy.


Be careful. Governments will ban these types of asset classes— or there will be other asymmetric attacks on them and their users. It represents an existential threat to our government, as to me, personally anti-American and treasonous.
The US government can blacklist any transactions being made to the blockchain, shut down the servers, and freeze all real world assets of any users they can identify.
This will also lead to a white-list-only internet, meaning no encryption without knowing who a transmission is occurring between and what the nature of that signal is.


Crypto is even more concentrated than the fiat monetary supply, and not based on any intrinsic value. It is not for the people.


When you find an ideal universe where there aren't sociopaths or religious zealouts, or even just people that disagree with you, I'll put down my 11 carrier battle groups. But until then, I hope sooner or later we use them to end this stupidity— because they are what keep the peace right now.
I bought a number of years back in case this happened. I sold. I'll pay my taxes. And I'll laugh at every one who gets fucked on the way down.
If anything this is a hilarious socialist troll demonstratic how psychotic libertarianism is.
@_date: 2018-01-16 09:41:46
1) Bitcoins are not fungible — they can have color i.e. a history, which leads to their value being different than another coin.
2) Removing governments monopoly on money is one of the stupidest ideas I've ever heard, and would love to ask what army is going to take on the US / Chinese / Russian governments. The entire last few hundred years of history have been about massive fucking wars over central banks. Any crypto without central bank governed issuance and control defeats fundamental nation state sovereignty and will not be allowed to persist.
Mark it zero within the next five years. I sold around $17k. Thanks for the money.
@_date: 2018-01-12 18:33:45


What are you talking about? Its their choice. If you don't like it, fight a war with us and win. It's very simple. It's our planet. We won it. Deal with it, fight us, or leave.
But don't complain about us because of your own complacency.


We let you live. Have some class.
@_date: 2019-07-28 23:28:24
Why not just leave the country? Taxes are what you pay for the benefits. If you don’t think it’s a good deal, try to change it or leave.
@_date: 2017-12-04 06:03:36
The government needs to be able to confiscate assets when it a warrant. Otherwise it's not sovereign. 
Bitxoin and nation state sovereignty are incompatible. Bitcoin needs to be banned, and those who invest in it are traitors to their nations.
@_date: 2015-12-24 00:14:21
Well, I don't know what you mean by the vague term "political corruption" so it's tough to answer more specifically.
But there's significant financial harm from file sharing to private citizens and the creative class. Additionally, there are sites like Wikileaks / etc... that cause trillions in economic damage. Aaron Swartz almost caused billions of damage when he downloaded the JSTOR files.
@_date: 2015-12-27 09:41:27


Yes you can. 
Do you know what you're talking about?
If I know what order of magnitude the NSA's computational analysis is working on, I absolutely can predict an average time for breaking a key.
When you say something like this, it makes me not want to have a conversation with you.
I can absolutely pick an algorithm and a key length which will give me 99% plus security between X and Y time periods. Have you worked in this field ever?


I didn't say symmetric crypto was gone. I actually said symmetric crypto was interesting because we actually understand attacks against symmetric crypto in some ways better than we understand attacks against public/private key— in that a genius mathematician might find a break we don't recognize. The reason for using symmetric is actually to defeat quantum crytographic analysis in the future.
3. No, this is wrong. If other countries don't by into it, their traffic is not transmitted. Moreso, entities like the US, UK, and Five and Nine Eyes would flood these non-compliant networks with bullshit and destroy them. Oh yeah, that and this approach is actually something Russia and China love.
4. Nope. How are they going to communicate once everything is cut off? Do you not understand what white listing a packet is? If someone doesn't participate, they simply cease to be. How exactly do these entities continue to operate once their facilities are taken over&gt;
5. How so? If the owner/operator continues to run a relay outside what the US considers acceptable, it will simply be destroyed. I don't really understand what you're saying here.
6. Nope. We have it today. We don't need to let all of the traffic we allow in and out of the United States move freely. We do because we're okay with it. If too much becomes encrypted and there is the potential of a threat to state sovereignty, we'll be forced to take this action.
7) I'm not fighting math. I'm accepting math. If people want to use strong crypto, they can do so. And if they are found they will be punished harshly. You simply don't have the numbers or position to argue realistically that someone who shares my ideology will be replaced.
Here is a basic parallel: information cannot be shared freely. The idea of sharing the design and production documents for Peacekeeper Missiles is absolutely insane.
Should those be public domain? Should we tell the world how we create 12-24 separately targeted warheads in one submarine launched warhead.
No. Of course not. And here's the thing. That's math. That's crypto. The crypto is out everywhere on some level. But we can stop people from using it the same way that we can stop someone from using the plans for a Peacekeeper Missile or even the plans for how to refine and weaponize Uranium or Plutonium.
Just because you don't believe you will be terminated for spreading strong crypto, doesn't mean we won't do it, and doesn't mean anyone will support you when we have to take you out.
More importantly, it doesn't mean I and others don't think this is a completely justified use of force.


Yeah no.
Here's your problem— you discount my ideas as ridiculous and insane without understanding that they can be implemented. That there is a fundamental component of the internet which involves moving data over a border, and that involves nation State sovereignty.
Its why I asked you not to look at minor implementation problems that can be restructured, but to look at the way I view the transfer of information and what controls a State can put on the transfer of information.
But you ignored me. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 06:13:34
The government needs to be able to confiscate with a warrant, otherwise it is not sovereign. Bitcoin is a fundamental threat to the existence of a government.
@_date: 2015-12-28 08:15:29
FYI, China just passed an interesting law:
@_date: 2015-12-20 21:07:13
Coinbase's page specifically outlines their bounty amounts, and states that significant manipulation of account balances is worth $5,000. I don't know why you think you would get more...?
Additionally, you also don't know that the account ban has anything to do with your hacking activities. Unless you post your entire transaction history from Coinbase for us to review independently, you have no complaint here. It really sounds like to me your bug discovery triggered a hold on your account to stop your bug from working.
@_date: 2015-06-29 19:51:37


The idea of a "free" society is antithetical to the idea of a society. All societies require one to subordinate one's freedoms and natural abilities to the power of the State.
We have limited freedoms and powers which we collectively protect as social rights.
You seem to be placing yourself outside our society, yet asking for its protections from coercive influence, which is nonsense.
In the State of Nature, there is nothing implicitly wrong with coercion or the use of force. It is only within a society that repudiates coercion that one might expect protection. The description of that initial choice whether to participate in that society as coerced or not really has no meaning.




It is not incumbent upon the citizenry. You may feel you are morally justified in redressing this perceived wrong. But not everyone feels the way you subjectively do. 
However, your methods of redress within the society are limited to a) freedom of speech, b) political action. The use of physical action places you outside the society, at which point the society is no longer bound by its own laws (i.e. it can use military force). So while you may be technically able to place an asset outside the reach of society through the use of encryption, if the US decided such encryption was illegal, it could use force against you, and if it decided it was an act of war/treason, etc, it could simply kill you for your actions.
It does not need to allow you to leave with your assets. It's moral authority comes only from allowing you to leave, period.


First, in our society, it is not your pocket. You don't own anything. You've ignored my premise.
Second, I believe that even such a risk is worth the benefits the society provides.
You may not, but I don't think you're perceiving clearly what risks you expose yourself to if you were to leave our society. I also think that this is symptomatic of the US being lenient on those who would leave. A 40% exit tax is minor. I think it should be 100% exit tax, including removal of the knowledge you have gained from our society (language, basic skills like how to make fire, etc...).
You'd be pretty useless without the benefits you've already obtained from my society. If you don't want these benefits, all I ask is, can I have them back?
@_date: 2015-12-27 04:08:54
You ban transmission of unsigned, undecipherable messages / packets. You randomly audit packets to see if authorized users are complying. Penalties for finding a signed indecipherable transmission that is successfully transmitted are incredibly huge. The only place strong encryption is used, is for generating the signatures of authenticity.
This forces the use of steganography and similar types of encryption that parallel the difficulty of the real, physical world.
It's not about perfect prevention but about raising the barrier of entry.
@_date: 2015-12-27 03:25:06
There is a middle ground. Encryption which we understand well enough that it can be broken when there is significant reason to break it, and that we modify to be in line with advances in processing and cryptanalysis, so that data stays secure while it needs to be secure (say 30 days, less for financial transactions) but can be broken by a nation State actor when it needs to, has a warrant, etc... It wouldn't really even require a Manhattan Project level commitment.
@_date: 2015-12-27 04:37:55
No more SSL. How does SSL function within the parameters of what I outlined?
@_date: 2015-06-29 20:31:45


The Due Process Clause of the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments.


No, it isn't based on this idea at all.
It's based on the idea that the Government has the right to repossess the value to which it has given you a limited right of allocation so long as it adheres to due process.


But the US needs to be able to seize that Bitcoin and reallocate the value to those it wishes to. Practically, that can be impossible because of the cryptographic framework.
This is one the main arguments against the legality of strong, consumer-level encryption.
@_date: 2015-12-27 04:54:23
Nope. A secure message used for e-commerce need not be secure for "forever." Only for say, the 30 seconds used to complete a transaction— especially when combined with blockchain / ledger technology. Now there are issues with man in the middle attacks to public/private key encryption systems, though this doesn't apply to symmetric encryption, but that's also why I don't have a problem with the signature generation using strong encryption. It gets around a lot of problems by having some very limited undecipherable transactions which allow for the continued functioning of the internet, without requiring every transaction be strongly encrypted.
Basically, the point is that any information that's more than say 30 days old is more or less irrelevant at that point, or can be reasonably transmitted through different means than the internet.
It also might introduce some latency— which encourages the use of transparent communication when privacy isn't necessary, incentivizing systems like Facebook and Google to transmit in the clear to get the huge amounts of packets they need through in a time acceptable to the user. This also reduces the value of their data, and their ability to asymmetrically extort their massive networks.
Essentially, we can protect token based authentications with expirations, so even if you spend the 30 days to break the packet you can't use the information to commit fraudulent transactions. Its only helpful to you if your law enforcement trying to prove a significant case (or perhaps a competing company practicing corporate espionage, but they it would take upwards of a year to crack the packet, making the information meaningless). 
Edit: I'm at a bar and a bit drunk so sorry for not being concise. I also don't object to in person verification before you can be issued a signing authorization. Like an SSN or similar.
Some implementations lead to the same type of identy fraud we have today, but not all. And even when it does occur it can be detected through pattern analysis of all packets from a certain signed user, similar to credit card fraud.
Rather than assuming what I'm suggesting has such high level holes, could you think about it a bit more deeply and let me know if you see really fundamental problems that aren't addrrssable when I surrender freedom or anonymity in the Internet. And move to whitelist only.
@_date: 2015-06-30 09:12:26


I still have no idea what you mean by waffle. I've asked you three times. Can you please answer?


Again, that was not the discussion, you made it the discussion, and you don't understand rational self-interest. It's like you're playing Chess, and think you know the best move. But you're not as good as at Chess as I am, so while you think you're making the right move, you're actually just one step closer to defeat.
If this is the best you can manage, and you can't answer a simple question about how you're using a word, it mean's 1) you're not interested in a productive discussion, 2) you don't care about meaning, and 3) we're done here.
@_date: 2015-06-30 18:38:28
It's not your money. The sooner you realize that, the better.
@_date: 2015-12-24 14:47:21
I'll get into it more when someone defines corruption for me.
@_date: 2015-06-29 22:52:50


I honestly don't think you understand the word waffling; or you're using it in a non-normative sense.


Actually, this was the original point:


So what is rational for an individual actor is neither here nor there; my argument was that it is against the social contract and that it is hypocritical. It's not what I feel. It's the subject of conversation. I was making an argument about one's moral and ethical responsibilities to the rest of society, and the risk you are exposing yourself to. So again, you've shifted the goal posts to a discussion of rationality. You can say "I don't give a fuck, I'm going to do what I view as rational." And that's fine, but I still get to call you a hypocrite, an asshole, and I get to deploy my government agents (and arguably, myself) against you. I also get to argue you're confused as to what is in your best interest, which is what I did.
So let me reiterate, because you're having trouble following: if I were to cede that rational individual action is relevant to a collectivist society, you can't easily conclude that attempts to avoid capital controls are rational because doing so creates the scenario where the government begins to pay attention to an activity and then clamps down on it.
For example, if people were using strong encryption to protect say, personal emails of a private and sensitive nature, the Government wouldn't have much of an argument against strong encryption and this is a valuable freedom we might wish to protect from intrusion / harm. 
But if people use strong encryption to build mesh networks that are used for terrorist actions, drug transactions and platforms like the Silk Road, child pornography, tax evasion, and circumventing capital controls, then we collectively suddenly have a compelling societal interest in limiting access to strong encryption. We're seeing this increasing trend, and its to the point now that I have no problem with anything the NSA has been accused of doing, and I agree with the UK and much of the US Government that we need bans on encryption that cannot be breached without warrant (the act of using it or possessing such a file while refusing to decrypt it would be punishable with extreme minimums, 10 years to life). Even today, I'm not sure what pretext the government would need to seize your Bitcoin should they discover it, but I would say its not high, and don't come crying when it happens.
So while your act may be rational over the first 5-10 moves of a game, it is not rational over the entire course of the game because it results in a limitation to something you likely get far greater advantage from by being protected over the entire course of the game, for a small initial advantage. Unless you seriously capitalize on this initial advantage (which isn't even clear— to me US Banks are safer than Bitcoin, and if you need a risk hedge, you use foreign assets and foreign currency).
And my repeated point is that I don't think you understand or are appropriately calculating the risks you expose yourself to when you avoid lawful and agreed upon capital controls. It is literally death, imprisonment, or being left in a desert with no access to resources.
@_date: 2015-06-29 21:48:25


This is a meaningless statement. Without specifying what you think I am waffling about, I have no idea what you mean or how to respond.


But my initial argument doesn't discuss whether or not the government will pragmatically destroy you today, it claims that it is antithetical to the idea of participating in a modern society.
Just because you have not reached the threshold where the society cares to stop you, doesn't mean your actions don't contravene the social contract.
You've shifted the goalposts away from my initial point. I don't really care to argue what is in your limited, short term best interest. I am discussing the ultimate conclusions and implications of your beliefs.
You can adhere to a hypocritical belief system because it is advantageous to you; it doesn't mean its a coherent ideology.
@_date: 2015-12-28 04:45:54
Who said anything about it being legal anywhere else?
We could impose restrictions similar to copyright through agreements like TTIP and TPP, but a lot of people would just set their own standards for how long a packet took to break, and they'd likely be lower than the US.
The US' economy's simply too big, China and Russia also would love these types of regulations, so would the Middle East. Europe might have some problem with it but certainly not the UK.
There isn't some other part of the world to align against the US.
You can also block the tech companies from leaving. And the global economy would crumble long before the US' did.
@_date: 2015-06-29 20:21:26
That makes absolutely no sense as an analogy. You need to clarify.
@_date: 2015-12-28 04:00:04
It doesn't matter how you get the information about the NSA if its the US government designing the system to implement it understands what the upper bounds of cryptanalysis are; and the goal is to have it be able to break packets when necessary, but still maintain security for ecommerce and other financial transactions for the entire world.
The understanding is basically that the US government can break any packet transmitted packet within this time period. Other nation States are irrelevant.
Since one uses algorithms we understand well, we vary the key length, or with an algorithm like AES, the number of rounds of encryption therefore increasing the message's entropy. 
My interest in breaking cryptography isn't about terrorist attack prevention. It's about preserving nation State sovereignty and the ability to break transmissions for investigative purposes.
You haven't said *why* the premise is broken. Merely misunderstood my goals.
@_date: 2015-06-29 21:09:41
How am I waffling? I'm being directly critical of anarch capitalism.


Incorrect, and that's a nonsensical statement.
If the government realizes it is unable to seize your assets, it can start treating you as a non-adherent to the social contract. IE it can imprison you or worse. So its not clear to me that it is in fact in your best interest for the government to be unable to seize your assets. It is likely to end up hurting you far more than just depriving you of capital.
@_date: 2015-12-20 21:17:49
I don't like Coinbase because of the significant delay in buying / selling that was in place when I first tried out their services over a year ago, but he straight up just explained why this isn't a significant exploit and why what you just proposed doesn't work. Are you stupid or intentionally trolling the guy?
You can never externally withdraw more BTC than the account actually has, so you never cause Coinbase to lose money.
It looks like you found a user interface bug which makes it look like you can do something you actually can't.
I'd say they overpaid you, and you owe Coinbase an apology and significant financial reparations for the damage you've caused their reputation.
@_date: 2015-06-30 15:25:58
You don't want to explain how you're using a term. I've been polite and asked you many times. There is no point communicating with you further. We're done here.
Have a good one.
@_date: 2015-06-29 20:02:30


I don't think you understand what your own self-interest is though?
Absent the protection of a government, you'd simply be killed. I mean, you're free to go to Liberland or to Antartica, or try and homestead wherever you like, but it really is in your own self-interest to submit to some governing authority. You're simply not strong enough to go it alone, and there's no reason everyone else would choose to interact with you.
Even if you and other anarcho-capitalists went off and created Galt's Gulch, what would you bring with you? Technology and assets stolen from other societies? Who would do the work? You and the other anarcho capitalists? What would stop me and others from simply destroying you before you got big enough to mess with out status quo?
It's naive to think your self-interest would be served by non-compliance.
@_date: 2015-06-29 09:25:09
It's never your capital unless you exist outside of a sovereign State. Otherwise, it is quite explicitly the sovereigns, and you are given a limited right of exercise.
It's funny how people in the US and elsewhere think they actually "own" anything. They don't. Capitalism is just a variant of Socialism.
@_date: 2015-06-29 09:12:41
Except that if you agree to being in a society, you agree to capital controls.
The problem is that the EU is not properly unified with its monetary policy, fiscal policy, and political authority, say the way the US is. The US subsidizes some of its States heavily, whereas Germany is being a bitch about the need to treat other Member States fairly.
The EU is just a bad example of monetary policy, without fiscal policy or a centralized Government which acts in its citizens best interest, and a reminder of why the US' Federal System is so effective.
Why rush to BTC, when you have the Dollar?
Furthermore, the idea that you think its okay to park assets like BTC which could not be seized by your Government is completely bizarre and antithetical to the concept of participating in a modern society.
@_date: 2018-05-04 18:10:15
Nope. Made about 84k on 5 coins.
@_date: 2018-05-06 00:38:38
But not confiscateable and transactions are not reversible with a Coirt order.
@_date: 2015-12-23 22:05:14
How so? I'm a voter. I think filesharing sites cause more harm, but what corruption is he talking about?
@_date: 2018-05-02 19:03:19
No we don't. Bitcoin is antithetical to state power. We need to ban hard crypto and imprison the criminals who use it.
@_date: 2014-07-07 21:08:53
It's not that they weren't paid for, it's that your earnings are significantly higher based on the assumption that they will be put back into society either through trade/spending, or investment. In essence, all surplus productivity really belongs to society as a whole, but our social contract dictates you can keep your earnings minus taxes as an incentive for further productivity and growth. If you're not going to be part of our society, why would we care to incentivize you? Why would we not just deploy the capital ourselves?
I just think 40% is too low a trim. I think we should take all of it. If there were a way to rip the language and education from your mind when you left, I would do that as well. But you can't. It seems hypocritical to benefit from a society's gifts after you have renounced it.
@_date: 2014-03-27 18:52:50
No, technology on the whole will. Replicator technology and energy technology which move us past resource constraints are what will revolutionize our social constructs.
Bitcoin or similar currencies may then have a valuable role, but as of now, in our current world, they're basically useless to members of developed nation states.
@_date: 2014-03-09 22:32:12
A crime that cannot be proven because of the technical capabilities if BTC.
@_date: 2015-06-29 19:41:35


Please support / clarify that analogy.


This is hilarious. It is my political system and social structure which provides you with the infrastructure on which the Bitcoin system operates. You are literally dependent upon my services.
@_date: 2015-06-30 12:15:05


Not really.


Words have many meanings and senses. None of the normative uses of the word waffle make any sense when reading my statements. Dictionaries, by the way, are generally the last bastion of the troll. It means you're not interested in meaning.
I think this is the fourth or fifth time I've asked for your meaning.
Either you don't know what the word means, don't know what you mean't originally, or have (most likely) realized that you used the wrong word. I really don't know what you mean, and I don't understand your reticence to explain yourself.
When you discuss something in general, and someone asks for clarification, do you really spend this much time using the same word over and over without clarifying?
Why? What is the point in that?
If I can't understand you, I can't understand you. It's not going to change by repeating yourself.
My original statements on anarcho-capitalism were completely relevant to this thread, this topic, and were specific and meaningful in nature. So what do you mean with your application of the word? Am I wavering? Vacillating? Being inconsistent? I've been very consistent. Am I blathering? Am I making nonsense statements? This is an older use of the word, but I think that my statements discuss exactly what the outcomes of adherence to such ideologies brings about. So what do you mean? Is there a third sense I'm missing?


I don't fail to grasp that at all. I'm perfectly fine with it. But it does mean I do get to call you a hypocrite. And I do get to destroy your stance as illogical, and view it as bizarre and incoherent. Which is all I did.
So now that you've ceded the point, do you want to explain your use of the word "waffle?"
Or should we just accept that you're uninterested in communication, and call it a day?
@_date: 2014-02-06 17:08:26
No, because in escaping slavery they also left the society which supported slavery with nothing but the clothes on their backs.
If you would like to leave society with nothing but the clothes on your back, you are absolutely allowed to. In fact given your views, I would encourage it.
Is it okay to return and help others escape from slavery? Well that is a much more interesting question. From society's standpoint, absolutely not. From another society's standpoint it might be very moral.
What is "right" ends up being determined by who wins.
Please don't continue with arguments to the absurd. You're trying to take something very simple and straightforward, and inject emotional bias into it by conflating it with a subject many people feel very strongly about.
If you want to have a legitimate discussion on the topics, fine. I'll even participate if you want to inject emotion into your own language, to color it up a bit, use vitriol and rhetroic.
But I have no interest in this kind of lame attempts to derail the conversation and deligitimize me by calling me a racist.
Also, do not put words in people's mouths. You can ask if I believe something, but do not presuppose. I generally also don't like false dichotomies, or, questions intentionally constructed to provoke rather than genuine questions about meaning or intent. Its not relevant what I think about slavery, slaves, etc... so why are you even asking such an off topic question?
This is what happens when you wander into the middle of a discussion in which you are hopelessly out of your depth.
@_date: 2014-03-07 04:26:02
Sure. That makes sense. I don't blame you. I also don't really see a good way forward for you guys until the statute of limitations expires— you are by virtue of fact criminals in the US, which is why I was suggesting not coming here any time soon.
Someone quoted you somewhere else as saying you were advised you would need $5mm in bond per state. That's just not accurate, most state's are around $100k, with NYS maxing out higher. In some it also depends on the value you of your transactions.
I would think annual US compliance costs could run about a half a million, but that's basically nothing for a business operating nationally with any kind of volume.
That said, it makes sense that you guys wouldn't want to be putting up that type of capital. At today's prices and seven day volume, your maximum revenue is $200k from BTC trading. Didn't bother to check your other offerings, but I can't imagine revenue is over a mill.
What's fascinating to me is that you would ever even open accounts with people in countries which you do not have a lawful business presence in— I mean it sounds like you don't even have a US corporation, a registered agent, tax id numbers, etc... and that to me is just.... I mean mind bogglingly absurd.
Good luck in the future, but I think it will be hard to get regulatory approval if you've already operated in places without a license.
@_date: 2014-05-13 08:59:44
Please provide evidence of the US financing and instigating the Orange Revolution. It took advantage of it, but it didn't create it.
As to the CSCE Final Act, nothing of what the US is doing is subordinating the Ukraine to the US will, and Russia, to my knowledge had not previously objected to the US' actions as a violation of the Budapest Memorandum.
Funding democracy does not constitute gaining an advantage or a direct violation of Budapest. Funneling money to explicitly pro-Western democratic candidates at the cost of others, could be construed as that, but there has never been such an admission. Wanting a healthy democracy is in the interest of all civilized nations, and is not specifically about US interests and desires.
Medvedev seemed to protest that the act of handing out cookies and physical presence of Nuland was an act of interference, not that the US overall support for democracy was a violation of Budapest or the Trilateral Agreement and Annex, and no one considered it broken at the time; so at this point you're estopped from making such a claim.
Also, ignoring 1994/95 Crimean Crisis, and Russia's interference in 2003 in Tuzla. If you want to he did it first, it's not really a winnable argument on the purely economic front, really for either side. The agreement, however, is now clearly broken.
Of course it merits ground war; I mean that should already be in progress. And if Russia did not comply quickly, it merits nuclear first strikes. It is the only scenario in which the US reliably wins a nuclear exchange. The US can severely cripple Russia's nuclear response capabilities, which is why Russia is posturing about being able to defend against a massive missile attack. The backchannel chatter is all about this inevitable outcome and deterring the US from seriously considering escalation, because Russia knows less than 10-20% of its strategic fleet would survive if the US chose to strike, and that less than 50% of that force would be capable of penetrating US defenses (GMD, THAAD, Aegis, YAL— assuming everything is outside of range of any boost phase intercept abilities from submarines). We'd lose Minneapolis, Chicago, maybe some other cities. Russia would lose everything. In many scenarios if the US contained its strikes to military assets, Russia might even push back, save its remaining forces and call it a day. The US wouldn't need to go after command and control or civilian centers like Moscow.
If the US wants to pursue the issue, it wins. A hawk would know this and act accordingly, taking the 1% risk Russia would not back down in time. A dove prioritizes the 20-40 million American casualties and looks to handle through soft power.
The problem is the long term risk to NYC is significantly greater in a world with massive nuclear proliferation, which is where we're headed. So 1% risk of 20-40mm loss with peripheral economic dmage is desirable over, a 20-50% risk of nuclear strike on NYC.
It's basic risk analysis. And Obama has not put a risk on the table to Putin which would cause him to hold/reconsider. Right now the greater risk to Russia, is losing control over Crimea and Eastern Ukraine. Until a greater risk is proposed, his analysis is very easy and he proceeds. Obama is allowing himself to have to make a hard decision, rather than forcing Putin to make a difficult decision. Even a half-decent poker player knows that's a losing strategy.
What's really interesting is why there's no Russian discussion of Perimeter; it would suggest it just doesn't exist or is no longer operational. Now would be the time to use it to heighten the risk factor of any US escalation.
@_date: 2014-09-08 05:29:12
Actually, they do. It's the equivalent of a John Doe warrant. It's a warrant against the "site" itself, wherever it turns out to be operating out of, etc...
They also wouldn't need one necessarily. They can "see" the crime being committed on the server. It's the same as seeing a crime being committed in real life.
@_date: 2018-05-05 02:26:15
It's simple— lock down the internet and require all traffic to be white-listed and identifiable. If you force people to use steganography within legitimate looking data signals, its very difficult to run a reliable global payments system.
Or you know, you can just make it illegal and deploy the FBI / NSA.
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:29:44


I don't think that's a good argument. People don't comprehend tax law in general.


Congress has the power to enact legislation, which it has done through the Federal Reserve, and the chair of the Fed is appointed by the President.
To call the Federal Reserve a private entity is nonsense. It's a public-private hybrid.


That's not really correct. It's a penalty for saving in the form of USD which as a fiat currency is a non-scarce item. By putting capital into markets based on scarcity, you increase demand and serve a more valuable role than passively sitting on the sideline, even if its an asset like Gold rather than a productive use such as investment in a business.
@_date: 2014-02-17 04:22:48
But you can leave.
Mussolini wasn't wrong, and the people showed him how right he was by hanging him.
There is no such thing as tyranny when representative democracy exists. Only justice.
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:40:05
Individuals cannot be allowed to pose a threat to the collective. Any behavior that puts our ability to evolve toward singularity, and expand this planet is unacceptable.
It would be far more efficient to just know what everyone is thinking rather than needing to watch them in order to see what they're doing. By the time we have such technology, however, we will likely have AI and some form of distributed consciousness, so individuals will no longer be capable of posing a threat.
@_date: 2014-03-07 23:26:42


Why would a Newsweek reporter want to talk to an alleged criminal (who also appears to have admitted to criminality, based on BitInstant's intrinsic operations, even if the knowingly funding SR part turns out to be false) under federal indictment? Why do you say she's scared? Leaving the set is not an indication of fear, it is an indication she has no interest in talking to you. Making this claim is a projection of your mental state, not an indication of hers, and is the type of thing that turns people off and makes you look bad.
Frankly, I don't know that I would either in a telephone based format. You don't exactly have a reputation to stand on in this matter anymore, and your arguments and statements in general are more demagoguery than substance (yes, the irony is noted). From a crass game theory perspective, why play in the mud with a pig?
For example, why do you allege that there is a shaming in the article? I didn't get that at all, and then the piece of evidence you bring up doesn't support that claim. I felt the tone was respectful and was in some cases a bit reverent of his accomplishment, but also admitting that he was a private and enigmatic character— which is fair.
And you dismiss claims of hers as wrong just because *you* disagree with them. Yet her claims apply to much of the bitcoin community and are legitimate. There are many who wanted him to remain anonymous, and there are many who were mad specifically because they viewed the posting of pictures to be an invasion of his privacy. And you said it yourself, Bitcoin is not anonymous, its private. Even that, however, is a subtle and nuanced point which she wouldn't have time to respond to in the telephone format.
Next, your argument about Zuckerberg makes no sense, in fact after the IPO profiles him absolutely did mention that people would be watching his holdings closely because it would give them insight into the future of Facebook and the confidence of its founder. It's not a badly or oddly written article, in fact its normative for these types of pieces which fall somewhere between hard journalism and commentary.
And then you go hyperbolic— comparing him to Tesla as an amazing thinker. This is pure Jesus worship. He didn't even solve the n generals problem. He implemented a solution which gained popularity, but nothing he did was revolutionary in and of itself. I know we're going to have to agree to disagree on this one, but implicitly, either we are all Bitcoin, all the contributors and participants, or he is Bitcoin. He cannot be the revolutionary savior if we are so responsible for the change ourselves.
Next, all of your counterpoints are just as circumstantial if not more so than Leigh's, in fact, in his on camera appearances, he actually gives the demeanor of someone who is very well educated, very bright, and speaks better and understands more than he's letting on. I find many of your arguments to be far more misrepresentative of this man than hers.
I don't know if he is the real Satoshi or not, I don't really care. But my point is that your answer to how she should have approached finding him is nonsense and that she should've reached out to more members of the BTC community prior to publishing is disingenuous. Connecting the dots absolutely makes sense— whereas your analysis can only lead to a computer or machine that posted as Satoshi. You still need to know who was the person on that computer or machine, and as anyone who needs to fight an RIAA or MPAA subpoena knows, linking to a machine or IP is not the same as linking to a person. Furthermore, she talked to Gavin, and got quite a bit from him it seems.
I personally, don't think there's conclusive evidence either way. I also think that people who read the article, you included, are not parsing it carefully. You/They do not see the distinctions made between Dorian Satoshi Nakamoto, and Satoshi the internet figure— so accurate descriptions of a bizarre old man are viewed as disrespectful when they become conflated with ideological conceptions of the other. But she does make these distinctions, about which Satoshi she is talking about, and leaves us with more conjecture and conclusion, than categorical statement. She just thinks they're one and the same.
As to your defense of your criminal charges, I don't understand why you imply that you think you are not a real criminal, and this is really problematic to me. On LetsTalkBitcoin you say similar things, ie, this is not normal money laundering in the way we think of it.
But it is. You avoided, or did not comply with justly enacted government legislation and you continued to operate and profit. Such actions if allowed are anti-competitive to me and others, and harm everyone else in society. A defense claiming innovation, is not a defense, and it feels like you do not understand the history behind the evolution of the money transmitting patchwork, and FinCEN's money transfer laws.
I think your conclusory message in LetsTalkBitcoin 87 is very good— have a compliance officer, follow regulation, and if you don't like what the laws are work to change them, but follow them up until the moment you change them.
I guess by ignoring them and continuing to do business up until someone decided enough was enough, I feel like you've lost the integrity required to fairly comment.
On a more important note, why does the service at your bar suck so much? I almost think that's more problematic than my disagreements with you on BTC. I would never operate a bar which has such bad customer service and that to me hurts your public image more than anything else.
@_date: 2014-09-07 03:10:40
You have no evidence that the US' Prosecutors have done anything untoward yet you're forming a belief state.
@_date: 2014-09-11 00:06:52
NYDFS did not lie.
The original statement said "it is anticipated" that they would send a response in 20 days. This is not a "promise" as the Bitcoin Foundation claims on their website. It is guidance.
The guidance changed. It does not constitute a lie or a broken promise. Deal with it.
@_date: 2014-09-06 21:56:12


Don't have a government job.


Libertarianism is incoherent.


Hah. You can either have a society, or you can have liberty. You cannot have both. It's logically incompatible.


I don't know that I love the State, or our State, but I do find value in States.


How has it clouded my judgement?




One sacrifices freedom when one participates in a society. Freedom is a myth.


I type quickly?


Have fun though.
@_date: 2014-02-06 16:47:41
Not really. I get paid to do that. Why would I do it here unless I were similarly compensated. My time has value. Furthermore, there is the risk of  taking on Apple hurting my ability to work with them in the future.
I'm curious about the Bitcoin experiment, but I don't particularly disagree with what they did. To me, Bitcoin apps on smartphones is just a disaster waiting to happen for a curated app market, so I really have no interest unless the prize is substantial. Think about wide releasing Google Glass to everyone before the kinks are worked out and there are sufficient Apps.
Also, the odds of it going viral will increase exponentially with the amount of the prize. If someone made 10-100 BTC off doing something like this, it would certainly go viral. Under 1? Less likely to go viral.
@_date: 2014-02-07 18:19:18
This is bad logic.
In democracies, governments get to say what has value because the governments power comes from the consent of the people.
So whatever a democratic governments policy on bitcoin is, whether for or against, is the will of the people.
In fact, bitcoin, in so much as it represents a fundamental threat to the sovereign power of a government to control the flow of goods in and out of its territory, may be fundamentally anti-democratic.
@_date: 2014-12-02 10:52:59
All property rights are the result of violent conquest, or the use of force.
Any property owner can do whatever they want; the issue is that you are not a property owner. You are granted a limited interest or license to certain property, but actual ownership resides with the government.
@_date: 2014-03-29 01:47:05


There is no such thing as a natural right. Your "rights" are granted to you and protected by the society around you. We as a group agree on what rights we will respect.


Somewhat. We trade our liberty and natural abilities for the benefits of participating in a society.
It's a pretty fundamental and basic concept. For example, I agree not to kill other people, other people agree not to kill me, and we live together in a society which agrees upon not killing eachother. That is an infringement on my liberty, and in some ways makes me a slave, but I don't particularly mind.


I mean, you're no different than I. I don't see you leaving society and throwing off your chains.
@_date: 2014-11-14 05:04:10
Congrats, taking your claims at face value, you defeated two economists at a University I've never heard of. I'm not even an economist and I would likely flambé you. Try it against someone like Krugman and he'll light you the fuck up.
Bitcoin is not a better currency than cattle, because it relies on the ability of multiple parties to communicate near instantaneously. I also do not see how proving that it is better than cattle is at all meaningful.
Bitcoin is a bad currency simply because it is theoretically beyond the control of governments.
@_date: 2014-07-07 16:59:41


Do you mean domestic terrorism? Those individuals do not consent to be governed; sure. But consent to be governed is not about specific individuals, its about the general consent of society.
I am not making an argument about whether or not the regime is good, merely that people consent to it.
You could however claim that I am suggesting that a slave who does not resist is not a slave, but that's a bit more extreme than we really need to go.
I think you would be hard pressed to support a claim that the US Government does not have the consent of its citizens.
@_date: 2014-04-15 14:55:12


No, it doesn't give me any rights over it. Do you own everything you use?
@_date: 2018-05-05 07:25:13
Sure there is. We ban any interaction with the US economy by any entities tainted by bitcoin and any money we can’t track.
Illegal activity will of course be performed, but who cares? This is about making it difficult and making the activity more detectable.
Bitcoin is not an idea.
Bitcoin is a specific implementation of a solution to a problem. And not a very good one.
Stop with stupid and inaccurate hyperbole.
@_date: 2014-07-07 19:25:50
I occasionally end up there, but with them its sort of like preaching to those who are far too gone. I just get downvoted, or submitted to shit statists say.
At least with r/Bitcoin I'm hoping people can understand what role it could serve; and many are just attracted by the cool factor or the tech factor, not the ideology.
Anarcho capitalism in most forms I've seen usually involves the non-aggression principle. The problem is that the moment one asserts a property right (ie, my hut that I made out of a tree I cut down) the NAP goes out the window because that person has aggressed against the rest of humanity by depriving everyone else of access to a resource which would otherwise be available to them in the state of nature. Basic mutualism also assures that then I can assert a property right myself, and all modern nation States are is a group of people asserting a property right over a certain area. Another way of looking at it is that a State is a form of collective self-defense against the anarcho capitalist who took from us in the first place.
So broadly, the non-aggression principle plus property rights gets us to our modern form of society. Voluntaryists hate this, because especially since we allow people to renounce their citizenship, we in effect live in a voluntaryist anarcho-capitalist society already. It's just one they don't like.
If you don't use the non-aggression principle, then there isn't anything morally wrong with someone pushing you around or telling you what to do etc.... and you'll end up with a society where the strong hurt the weak— and I think we've seen throughout history why this is a bad idea and doesn't in fact work out in some balanced way.
So all you really end up with is a collectivist society with no property rights. Which I'm okay discussing, but I don't really think that's the society they want.
Frankly, its such a simple argument that none of them have ever countered that I've just gotten tired of telling them.
@_date: 2014-09-08 14:30:35


Because they don't need to. I'm arguing to the extreme to show the strength of my case. They only need to argue enough to win their point.


I don't think there's really much risk of that. I just think it could be a bigger debate.
@_date: 2014-10-18 00:09:33
One instance of violation is enough to throw out the entire system? Please. There are countless abuses of power of all different types, we don't 
 get rid of other systems because of them.
@_date: 2014-03-07 06:31:23
Who knows. It's a he said she said. If he wants damages, he has to prove libel and actual malice in Newsweek's reporting, and there's still no privacy claim.
@_date: 2014-02-10 10:43:06
Haha this is the biggest load of horse-shit. Transaction malleability is not a significant problem for most users of bitcoin.
What it is an issue for is poorly designed shared wallets which are over-reliant on hashes, which is what MtGox is. An attacker can monitor the wallet / execute a transaction against the wallet and make it look like the transaction did not go through (by changing the hash through reordering inputs or similar), when it actually did, causing MtGox to reissue the transactions and basically lose the BTC. There are adequate workarounds for this problem which involve a decent programmer and maybe a day of work to modify and upgrade a system.
The issue is since widespread discussion of the potential for the attack, as well how much a lot of small transactions could add up to since mid-November, this has likely been happening to some serious degree causing losses to MtGox which they didn't detect. Also, as an exchange, they're likely trying to conduct transactions fairly quickly, perhaps creating further issues with clearing transactions prior to confirmation, etc...
The problem with their answer, is that they give no indication of whether or not they are still solvent, how much they've been taken for, and whether individuals can reliably expect to ever be able to withdraw BTC from their wallets.
Usually one would expect people running any forex site to catch on to something like this almost instantly, but given their architecture / implementation is this sloppy to begin with, the danger is it could've been going on for some time if their incompetency is institutional, and not just limited to their devs.
Now, how this gets complicated, is that the problem can propagate through their entire system if someone who has already withdrawn their BTC then trades their false balanced BTC with someone else on the exchange. That person may then try to withdraw, and only then does MtGox find out the BTC is gone— so it can be difficult to figure out who committed the fraud (if this was done a bunch, and in complex ways), and who deserves to be made whole.
This could've literally been going on for years, and only just been discovered potentially because of a) the huge price increase of BTC, b) an investor auditing them, d) something tax related, or d) government investigation. There could be trades from a long time ago, with huge quantities of lower-dollar-value BTC, which are only now being recognized, creating a massive financial liability given the 10-100 fold price increase.
Its likely a giant fucking mess over there, assuming they even have all the records they should have, which is a big if. The reason they had to stop the system is because they likely don't know how much they lost. They have a snapshot of where everything is and can allow and audit future internal transactions, but they may not even know how much they're out.
Furthermore, it does not appear they are allowing the withdrawal of one's BTC in USD. If it were seriously only waiting for a resolution of this issue, they would make very clear that you can withdraw and receive your BTC in USD, Euro, or other currency.
Since they don't, I'd have to say I'm still negative on the outlook.
The other major issue is the blatant market effects such announcements have, and the lack of regulation to be able to tell if individuals are trading off of early or inside knowledge of these announcements, the true scope of the problem, or if the announcements are designed to enable MtGox or other party to trade their way out of a hole.
This is the type of shady fuck which can take down the entire BTC economy. I'm glad I have no assets in play right now.
*Edit: I guess I don't know what's more worrisome— that they're distorting the problem to manipulate the market? Or that they still don't understand their mistake?*
*Edit 2: This is speculation and not intended to spread FUD, just be rational analysis. Ie why would I do this? A 3rd option to stupidity or a liquidity problem is an insolvency problem. In that case, a statement like this would be a public legal maneuver intended to show that this is a problem with a protocol, not an issue with Mt. Gox's own negligence in order to head off civil claims once they go under.*
@_date: 2014-03-07 07:20:38
She's got her circumstantial evidence and his initial statement, he's got his denial.
Who knows.
@_date: 2014-02-24 03:51:34
If someone's laptop or iphone had a wallet with Bitcoin private keys on them, then the individual would in fact be breaking the law.
In fact, if the TSA (more likely Customs) wanted, the individual could be detained and likely held in Contempt until he divulged the private key to his wallet.
More likely, however, from the public key the TSA could check the balance of the wallet and might not even need the private key (depending on how the individual was in fact transporting bitcoin).
While you may think it is "laughable" that a government could try to control or enforce this, I think that is a foolish statement.
Government's have sovereign power, and the authority to enforce their justly enacted laws. This attitude of flouting the law could and would lead to extreme regulation of bitcoin, if not outright banning, with very harsh penalties.
Just because you "can" use a technology to circumvent government regulation, doesn't mean you should or that its advisable.
@_date: 2014-09-08 05:19:07
Why would the FBI need a warrant to attack a server operating internationally?
Furthermore, getting a warrant for the Silk Road servers would be trivial, and may not even be necessary given that you can "see" the crime in progress. For example, if an FBI agent "sees" a drug deal going down, you don't need a warrant to break into the house you see it going down in.
So if the FBI sees a drug deal going down on Silk Road, they can likely break into it on an exigent circumstances theory.
I'm really not sure what this would help Ulbricht's defense. In order to object to the search as illegal he would also have to stipulate that the servers are his and claim they are subject to US law as opposed to existing outside the United States and belonging to someone else. And that's if a judge would even uphold it as an illegal "search."
Finally, how does use of a public server constitute an unlawful search? Any user is invited to enter characters into the CAPTCHA, and the server returns public information...
My guess is you are not an attorney.
@_date: 2014-03-16 18:06:14
Credit is a form of fiduciary media.
How does credit not expand the monetary supply.
Why do you think fiduciary media are unlikely to occur with Bitcoin? You can't just state your claim without presenting at least an outline of your argument.
@_date: 2014-02-06 16:13:49
Your points regarding productivity and efficiency are irrelevant. Society has dictated that we want these regulations for financial services and products. There we have them.
If you would like to change society's mind as a whole, go ahead and do so. But to me BTC is no different than other financial instruments and should be regulated as such.
I don't really want to go into your ancillary points since I don't need to in order to rebut your central point, but I don't think it actually does little to stop crime. I don't think you have any data on that or double blind studies with adequate control groups which support your position. You're just making claims by providing examples that people still do commit crime, which is not a logical argument that the regulations don't work or aren't useful.
Gun control laws don't stop all gun violence. That doesn't mean we shouldn't have them.
@_date: 2014-07-26 02:41:54
You've clearly never met the guy. I bet you think Kanye's a prick too.
@_date: 2014-02-08 04:59:32
If 50 guys build a bridge, and then you come across it one day, do you suddenly get to say you get to walk across it for free because they have no right to impose on your freedom or take your money by force?
Now what if it were a really long bridge, and millions of people worked on building it, and there were tolls along the way, and your Mom decided to cross, and gave birth to you while en route, would you not have to pay the tolls once you reached 18?
If you don't want to pay, don't use the fucking bridge. The ladder down to the river's that way.
@_date: 2014-02-05 09:35:11
Or you know, you could just use a credit card with no international fees, like Capital One or Amex... and not have to worry about overcharges, fraud, being mugged for btc wallet... etc...
@_date: 2014-12-02 11:09:31
It's not an issue of might makes right, in so much as there is no such thing as right or wrong.
No one has rights, just abilities.
The state derives its ability to rule from the people which empower it.
@_date: 2014-02-07 16:40:34
I think your reading comprehension is poor. A lot of these are examples of how to use bitcoin, not discussions of utility or benefit.
1) You can purchase Gyft cards with credit cards. You get 1% back in points as opposed to 3%. If you use PayPal, you get 2% instead of 3%. Combine this with reward points on your credit card plus the Coinbase fee, there's no difference; in fact, if you get better than 1% you're losing money using Coinbase.
2) There are about 10 reasons why Coinbase is a shitty service; their transaction times, exposure to market risks, lack of reliable trade execution, asymmetric price lock-ins, poor customer service, etc... and 1% up and down is pretty high. I can send large sums of money internationally for $10-15. I can send money with Chase QuickPay for free.
3) Credit Cards have fraud protection, chargeback protection, price protection and a 60 day float. I also have my credit score increase which gives me preferred rates on mortgages, loans, and other financing. My 800+ credit score can save me 50k on a loan. Also, convenient, accepted everywhere, I even have one with no international fees and another with a concierge service which I call up when I want something, and they do it for me. Other perks like companion tickets, first class upgrades, etc...
4) Assets are tied up. If I buy a Gyft card the money is sitting there on the card. If I pay via credit card, I can keep the money in an investment account earning a return until I need it to pay the card.
5) Purse's savings are eaten up by the automatic tax they impose. Most my ordering is for my business which would be tax exempt, but it looks like I'd have to pay. No go for me. Interesting site. Also have to deal with matching buy/spend orders, so not necessarily instantaneous.
6) I don't have a pre-paid cell phone. Who actually does that other than for the occasional burner? And who buys a burner with traceable BTC?
I'm looking for a different kind of debate— but I would basically just as soon use a credit card for all of these purchases. No need to do bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-05-11 05:17:29
Basically yes, but to me it wasn’t an investment. I bought 5 at 300 in case
It took off. FOMO / tech nerd stupidity.
@_date: 2014-04-09 22:27:41
No one has discussed monetary collapse. The statement was killing the current system (ie financial system). A breakdown in currency can be stable and fine. A shift from dollar hegemony to standard drawing rights or a basket of currencies would certainly not count as the current system killing itself.
@_date: 2014-03-07 09:30:35


If they did not represent the will of society, they would be removed.


Nope. It's a terrible way for the strong to exploit and subdue the weak.


Not really. A few people are demanding exchanges. But certainly not society as a whole. I really have no interest in free money transactions, neither do most people. I enjoy the convenience and security of my credit cards, and like that I don't have to worry about theft or fraud.
It's really funny to me. The USD is already a digital currency for those in the developed world.
I really see absolutely no benefit. I still have the same reporting requirements if I move more than $10k internationally, and what's a $10 wire fee on an international transfer? And I still have the same legal obligations to allow my assets to be frozen by a government. I mean, sure, maybe its an inflation hedge like gold but that's about it.
There are no effective trust or history proxies, the technology just isn't at the point where it really does anything yet.


Haha. No. They are quite clearly the will of society.
@_date: 2014-03-17 16:13:06
Why? A reporter asked him a question. He was under no obligation to respond, yet he did. How is it the reporter's fault for publishing a story based on that statement?
Newsweek's lawyer's are much better, and they risk significant financial and reputational harm from settling. We'll see.
@_date: 2014-04-14 01:43:53
I'm getting really exhausted of watching these. Its the same shit over and over and over.
Solutions Video 
Violence is expensive? Haha. Human history says absolutely fucking otherwise. How is it not clear that government has emerged as a solution to this exact problem? It's like people have no idea the history of the historical concept of equity, etc...
Asymmetric powers are also an issue.
Haha the Moon is a Hash Mistress. Great book. People always forget that the computer acts as leviathan, and also that a community is small enough where information is pervasive and identities cannot change. He doesn't solve really any of the problems with his proposal.
Asset asymmetry is basically the biggest issue.
I'm sorry, your page doesn't contain anything new. This is a rehash of every poor argument for libertarian, voluntarism, and NAP ideologies I've seen for years.
None of them get over the problem that it is functionally impossible to adhere to the NAP in our physical universe and create a property claim. Hell, its actually impossible to adhere to the NAP period. It's a meaningless idea.
I've still never heard a good response to me telling you to leave,
And more importantly, I've never heard a response of how you deal with people like me, and what happens if/when there are enough of me to be able to overcome your non-geographically based defensive institutions.
The geographic development of nation states is not an accident, its a fucking component of having a physically localized universe. You can't allow yourself to be exposed to multiple enforcement agencies if you don't agree to the other enforcement agencies terms.
There's an over reliance on believing that people fundamentally think the same way, or have rationality, are nice, kind, etc...
Next time, assume I've thought everything out to its rational conclusion. Try to defend your ideologies deepest weaknesses; thats a conversation I'd like to have.
@_date: 2014-03-07 01:30:19
Why? It's he said she said.
Who knows what's true.
@_date: 2014-10-17 22:14:29
Encryption does threaten all of us.
You have no basic right to move something around outside your house and prevent the government from searching it when it has cause.  Modern encryption at its very core allows individuals to put themselves and their information beyond the reach of government, and doing so violates our social contract.
If we want to have modern conveniences like the internet, cell phones, etc... we need to learn to use them appropriately, and that means allowing the government to intercept the signals and interpret them when necessary.
@_date: 2014-09-08 05:49:54
It doesn't matter if they had a warrant at this time. We've been discussing why on another thread.
The statement at issue here was whether or not judges sign off on such anonymous warrants where components of what is being targeted are unknown.
They factually do.
We can discuss why they would not need a warrant for this action, but then obtain warrants for the other actions, but I've already outlined that in the other thread.
Once they had the server's IP address, they likely were able to suspect Ross Ulbricht of being DPR, this mean't since the suspect was an American Citizen it would be prudent to follow US procedure when actually searching and seizing his property.
Again, tricking a computer into divulging its location is unlikely to constitute a "search" of the user's system.
Please stay on topic, however. You said something which was materially incorrect, I pointed it out. Don't digress into irrelevancies.
@_date: 2014-02-16 21:41:04
Well, we have the law, and the men with guns. Together those make a good team.
@_date: 2014-02-17 04:34:12
Your parents chose the benefits for you, and you opted for them when you turned 18.
Do not pretend like your participation in society is against your will.
@_date: 2014-07-15 22:22:43
You're lying. I don't really care, but that's a silly thing to lie about.
@_date: 2014-02-02 22:46:36
Why? My bet is that there is more profit to be had from revenue from casual watchers who will just pay the $8 so they can watch when they want to than there is from any additional business gained from on demand sales.
Knowing you have $96/customer/year in predictable income allows you to do a lot of things business wise, is better for investors, and also does not seem to have any market acceptance problems.
I simply don't see the benefit for the company.
@_date: 2014-03-20 00:25:59
Intellectual fraud? This coming from the guy who can't be bothered to defend a claim in a concise fashion? Teapot calling the kettle black much?
And again, what referenced sources? I saw someone else finally posted a fucking link to your master's thesis. That you can't do that when asked begs credulity, makes you appear disingenuous, and underscores how absolutely absurd it is to call me an intellectual fraud.
Here's the problem after reading the relevant parts of your thesis: you're wrong. I don't know whether you didn't do the research or are not smart enough, but your omissions are stunningly obvious.
If I understand your argument correctly, you in essence claim that monetary substitutes will not emerge because the transaction costs of Bitcoin are very low.
The problem is you misunderstand counter-party risk and use an overly narrow definition, or ignore transactional risk in general. This causes you to believe that transaction costs with Bitcoin are lower than they actually are (the risk doesn't have to be counter party / technically a transaction cost, so perhaps its broader risk in general you don't account for). The fees charged by the Bitcoin network are low, yes, but you are not factoring in a risk premium in the exchange of the goods, ie some form of default or non-compliance.
Credit cards, are not necessarily charging that big of a fee— a lot of what they charge for is insuring the transaction and parties against risk.
ACH transfers cost $.15 cents. Yes, they are slow, but they do have a roll-back provision for up to 5 days, ie they are reversible.
Bitcoin's lack of reversibility creates an uncertain level of counter-party risk; some may be trusted actors, some may not be, but this is similar to people with good credit who get preferential treatment, except that system has not yet been developed and formalized. But this in and of itself is enough to suggest a substitute will emerge— especially given the lack of a global leviathan, the ability to jurisdiction shop, and the potential to easily make the coins physically inaccessible (its a lot harder to hide a bunch of stolen gold bullion or cash, than it is to had 100k in BTC).
Additionally, Bitcoins are just as cumbersome as gold and cash. Without taking significant care, it is difficult to hide how much your wallets have, especially if you conduct an in person exchange, and you could be forced to give up more.
In essence, there are security reasons people use banks other than just being paid interest. Deposit insurance, basic risk protection, not carrying around everything you own, and in this case, not having to be overly concerned about being hacked. 
I am very tech savvy and I do not trust myself with my bitcoins.
The point is, fiduciary media or money substitutes will evolve in only for the purpose of offsetting risk.
And this ignores then the whole host of other financial products traded, which would assumedly evolve in a Bitcoin economy as well.
Also, you support an Austrian definition of the monetary supply in which credit does not have an expansive effect. You don't actually argue against the perspectives and definitions outside of the Austrian view, which means you don't make an argument for/against. You just state what a certain school's view is.
Another issue you need to be aware of, just because I noticed it in passing, is that the idea of avoiding capital controls or expropriation is antithetical to the concept of a democratic republic or society based on consent of the governed, which exists in most of the West. Avoiding a state instituted capital control is at least immoral, and worst illegal, regardless of enforceability. It is an undesirable component, and one that puts any user of the system at potential risk, particularly if coins become colored in law enforcement's eyes. Proceeds of a theft are always proceeds of a theft ie marked bills, regardless of whose wallet they end up in.
There are dozens of these. I kept hitting paragraphs and being like— what? This is not a full and complete analysis of this component. Just.... sigh.
Learn how to properly debate with people in informal settings. You'll go a lot further. Right now you just come off as an insufferable prick, who thinks he knows what he's talking about because he wrote a masters on Bitcoin— but doesn't know shit. It's the difference between a dilettante and a brilliant analytical mind like Krugman.
@_date: 2014-07-08 12:06:53
40% exit tax.
@_date: 2014-03-08 00:01:52
Bingo. If I'd ever heard Schrem speak before, I would not engage him in a face to phone interview specifically because of the arguments he would make, and the difficulty in appropriately rejoining them while demonstrating his true nature. I'd let him dig his own hole.
@_date: 2014-02-10 13:10:14
US Government didn't steal from Mt. Gox. Please don't use that type of language. It makes the community look unhinged.
@_date: 2014-07-07 17:13:59
I'm not sure how that is a response to my point that our government has our consent.
Why are you moving off that topic?


Where did I say that? I think you're broadening a precise statement incorrectly. In fact, if the statement to which you refer is what you later quote, in that I say that I see Bitcoin as only being useful to circumvent State capital controls, you've made two errors; 1) I can use the internet if I see it as having uses other than circumventing State capital controls, and 2) when you said I will not support something that can be used to circumvent the State, you are broadening from Bitcoin to a general something and from State capital controls to the State. 
This is dreadful logic on your part, so its ironic that you insult me the way you do with your opening. 
If the statement to which you refer is when I outline my broader position that one of my objections to Bitcoin is that it can be used to circumvent State power, I'll admit I was vague but I would argue that the way a digital cryptocurrency circumvents State power is fundamentally different than the way the Internet does and represents a specific and targeted challenge, whereas freedom of speech, for example, which is exercised on Reddit, actually augments State Power, and the Internet itself can be used to augment State power just as easily as it can be used to attack it. Again there is an issue of composition, and I am sorry if you inferred that I am against all things which could be used to circumvent State power. I think it's pretty clear from the statement you quoted that I am against the use of such things which basically have little other purpose or value.
For what its worth, I do think the Internet is far too unregulated / unmonitored. The NSA's programs are actually a lot more limited than I would have hoped and respect far more civil liberties than I feel are necessary under the President's Article 2 powers.
@_date: 2014-05-13 06:34:08


Why would I care if the government loves me or not? I don't think it does love me. It's incapable of love for human beings; it's a non human entity. If anything it is moderately protective of me, but that's about it. It would probably sacrifice me pretty easily if it met its goals.


Haha what? Are you projecting here or....? I mean, I had a great childhood and come from quite a bit of affluence; and oddly for affluence, a situation where I was cared for by my parents and not an army of proxies. Is this some provocation or?


@_date: 2014-04-14 02:05:07


@_date: 2014-02-24 04:01:41
Likely, a bitcoin wallet with private keys would be viewed as a form of bearer bond or similar instrument.
Just saying, from a legal perspective this argument wouldn't hold up. Hope this helps.
@_date: 2014-12-06 15:18:28
This is not a good response. You have no right to buy or sell something which is illegal. Also, high powered magnet spheres have not been made illegal, just ones that are marketed a certain way or intended for certain uses are.
@_date: 2014-02-26 06:52:21


This is referred to as a design flaw. It is a different term to communicate a different idea so that we don't have errors in understanding. I would suggest a quick Google search which help explain to you the difference, because the meaning you intended is not a meaning used normatively.


I did not know this. That's funny. And stupid. Can you provide the link for that? I believe you believe that to be the case, I just want to read more about it because the base level stupidity of that is beyond me.


I did not say audit code. I said auditing similar to what banks are required to perform. This is financial and transactional auditing. Weekly, monthly, or quarterly accounting restrictions and reviews, etc... the missing bitcoin would've shown up on balance sheets because to comply with the auditing the code would likely have to do things like check to make sure the private key Gox thought they had actually controlled the bitcoin.


You said regulations would not have prevented this. I do not know why you are bringing this point up. It's entirely irrelevant to the discussion. I did not say it would have to be US regulation, nor was your point limited to this.
I feel like you have found yourself on weak ground and are now throwing out red-herrings.


The crisis document leaked last night reported a bug or flaw in the cold storage system. I'm not sure exactly the wording used. 


We don't know, and I did not say I knew. I said "likely" and it is, likely, the case. So what is your point in saying this? Another red herring? But since we're on it, we know quite a bit of information and from the way the system was behaving we can make inferences. I chose to speculate. If the system did what I said it did, it would not be possible for this to happen, so we can be fairly certain it did not do what I suggested. What the root cause of how exactly this flaw was exploited, is yes, currently unknown.


Sigh. No. It wasn't working fine. It was never working fine. The magnitude of the problem was simply masked by the value of bitcoin relative to their cashflow. Regulation and auditing find errors like this because when there is a discrepancy between what is the case and what should be the case, it needs to accounted for. A 20,000 BTC shortfall that only registered as a few hundred or thousand dollars a few years ago would be ignored by a sloppy company, but would be caught by a company following standard accounting practices and certainly by one following regulations like FINRA. Ignoring the problem, would not happen, since that would be a crime in and of itself.


You clearly missed my point. It was not intended as an insult. If you care about the BTC community you'll stop. You're liable to do far more harm than good.
@_date: 2014-07-15 22:02:33
Contrary to popular belief, your ignorance is not just as good as my knowledge. Thanks for down voting something you "didn't read."
@_date: 2014-01-07 18:22:17
They took weeks to get back to me about something which required a response withing 24 hours.
I simply blocked them from all access to my accounts, closed my account with them, etc... 
They're a terrible business.
Your recourse is the US Court system, though you might have to defeat their arbitration clause first.
@_date: 2014-03-07 02:43:52
Why would it not be reasonable? There are 200 nation states, many of which are smaller than many US states. Complying with regulation in California and New York, which the people have justly decided to enact, is just part of being able to do business there. Just because the internet may make it possible to circumvent this regulation, does not mean you have any legal or moral basis to defend such action.
@_date: 2014-04-11 11:11:24
That's a chain of events, its not the only possible chain events. It's very attenuate.
@_date: 2014-02-03 23:56:03


First off, that's just wrong. It is a change to existing customers because existing customers now have the choice of not doing subscription. This not only allows, but basically forces each customer to make a rational assessment of the value they are getting for their $8/month. Is it worth it to continue subscription pricing when this a la carte option is available?
It's basic behavioral economics. Choice creates a different response than a single option. In fact, generally, if you create choice you create two choices (ie three options total), and structure the feature/pricing in such a way as to induce choice toward your desired option.


If you actually believe it is this simple, you don't know anything about human behavior and pricing. It threatens existing revenue streams. It is essentially why HBO does not offer per episode downloads of Game of Thrones.


Really. Your ideas are going to be wrong and likely taken from a consumer satisfaction perspective, not a rational business perspective. The option you present is not only expensive, but hurts Netflix core competency. Literally there would be an overnight firesale of Netflix stock as rational investors collectively asked "What the fuck?"


Basically, if you can't afford $8/month, you're likely not of much interest to Netflix as a customer. As I said above, their current business structure is based upon being able to offset their marginal and fixed costs per user over a period of time, ie $96/year. Projected, stable revenue, allows for a lot of economies of scale. However, at $.25-$.50 per movie, you're discussing a limited set of entertainment options which content distributors may not even be willing to make the deals on. They may be more interested in syndication fees, television broadcast fees, so they may not actually license you the content at the prices where the local market can afford it. 
Additionally, you're ignoring that content prices vary by market; a digital download in Australia does not cost the same as it does in China, nor should it. But the OP was essentially arguing for internationally flat pricing of goods, which is complicated and makes no sense as long as there are different governments and different real world configurations on the ground.
Then, you have localization issues / costs, which are not insignificant. Every piece of content needs to be localized for a market, your site needs to be localized, these all need to be maintained. Remember, while there are 2.4 billion people with internet access, English only has 800 or so million speakers, 300+ of whom are in the US and Canada, and most of the rest of whom are in Europe.
Also, to offer a good service, you need localized peering options so that the streamed content is delivered promptly and satisfactorily. You need to pay local taxes, have local offices, be compliant with local regulations. This all increases your costs, but if you don't have a stable revenue stream against which to offset your costs, how do accurately set your prices in each market? You'll have to do testing and my guess is in most markets, the price at which sending a movie is profitable is going to be higher than what people are willing or able to pay in those markets.
The reason most consumer focused internet businesses start in the US is because you have over 80% market penetration of internet access. Your costs of operating here are easily defrayed by the unique size of the potential singular market, and its purchasing power. Netflix has been expanding subscription abroad to other intelligent markets, and I'm sure it will use that data to advise its rollout into other markets. However, opening these markets isn't simply about expanding payment options.


As noted above, every single line item would increase, and entire new arms of the corporation would need to be formed. It would be massive expansion of the corporate structure.


Netflix isn't a payment company, or a bank. They would still need to hire a Bitcoin processing company to process the transactions. They would charge at least a 1% fee, maybe more. I've seen little information as to why a Bitcoin payment processor would ultimately end up stabilizing anywhere lower than a traditional credit card processor? Perhaps because they don't maintain a 30 day float you could end up netting 10-20 basis points lower in an efficient market? Maybe, but here's something to think about:
At 30 million plus users, a complete shift to payment of Netflix fees via Bitcoin would seriously tax the payment processing market. There are only 2,678,400 seconds in a month, meaning that alone for subscriptions or monthly billing would come close to breaking the Bitcoin Network which can do what, 11 transactions a second currently? This would again raise fees for each transaction. Of course, not everyone would switch immediately, but you have realistic growth issues if you wanted to have say, a hundred million people watching 1-2 movies a month, which is really the only way this idea even becomes worth doing.
So say you could figure out ways to overcome all of these problems (which you probably can't) and you make money in these other markets. First, is it enough to even justify the return on investment? Can you make 10%-30%? If not its probably not worth it. Where your margins really net out is very important. What about other, unknown risks, like unstable political climates, or unregulated last mile providers? Or worse, state owned last mile providers who impose even more significant restrictions on your operations? What if you've made this huge investment, and no one in the local market uses bitcoin? What if you then do need to tackle a localized payment option?
And then what happens to your domestic customers? Your bread and butter in the US. Say they find out people in Thailand are paying 20 cents to watch a movie. Some journalist does out the numbers and shows that that's 480 movies a year to match Netflix's US pricing. Now if Netflix's content selection were better, that might not be a bad deal given averages, but most people are also going to be getting their content from other sources, so Netflix use won't be anywhere near that high. Customers backlash and threaten to cancel their accounts unless they got offered other pricing methods, and then again, Netflix's profits tumble.
And this all of course depends on current digital distribution contracts remaining fairly flat in terms of price.
This isn't going to happen. Cost per viewer or CPM for most websites and digital distribution platforms are lower than television CPMs, largely because these are untested, early-adopter technologies, as opposed to the mature market which TV represents. As traffic shifts and then stabilizes, expect content costs to go up to match TV. Additionally, expect costs to go up as Netflix ends up paying the cost of customer access to last mile providers.
Basically, you're suggesting flipping over the boat while in pretty stormy seas to begin with. It makes no sense.


This makes the assumption that payment processing is the major inhibitor to Netflix expanding into foreign markets. This is just not true, and makes me think you're under 20. I don't mean that as an insult; you just have not thought carefully about this topic and have a naive view of the world; one commonly shared by millenials.
Hope this helps you understand why what the author presented is a stupid idea.
@_date: 2014-02-26 05:39:37
Proper auditing which banks are required to perform would have caught the theft / bug / flaw prior to massive fraud (ie, it would've noticed a transaction malleability attack within a month or a quarter, perhaps faster) and prior to a significant change in the value of the underlying asset, the combination of which created liabilities in excess of Mt. Gox's assets and cashflow. Losing 40,000 Bitcoin in 2011 would've been a rounding error on their books. In 2014 it now represents a significant liability.
The theft, which were likely thousands of small to mid-size fraudulent acts, was caused by people defrauding the system. It was made possible by what likely wasn't even a bug in the software— it was simply a poorly conceived and implemented system, ie a design flaw which is different than a bug. Reissuing transactions also likely had a human component. The cold storage issue, was again, likely a design flaw where the system did not check to see that a private key was still valid and controlled a coin or wallet with assets in it, prior to being sent to cold storage, meaning as coins were cycled in and out of cold storage, they might not actually belong to Gox.
You should not be giving interviews. You're not knowledgeable enough.
@_date: 2014-07-07 16:12:43
The State 1) controls the amount of cash in circulation, 2) can modify by decree whether or not it can be exchanged, 3) can efficiently search individuals and shipments which attempt to move cash across borders, 4) can regulate the value of the cash through monetary policy.
The State cannot effectively do any of these things with Bitcoin. This is problematic.
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:36:04
I can't believe you and everyone else on this site who didn't realize exactly what had happened the moment they announced a transaction malleability issue.
It was almost blindingly obvious that if 85% of their transactions were failing, they didn't have the bitcoin anymore.
@_date: 2014-07-07 14:48:12
And I don't believe there is such a thing as excessive taxation, that Cyprus is a problem, or that the individual is nearly as important as you appear to believe it is.
Individual rights are not in fact subject to 51% attacks, at least not in the US, but that does bring up an interesting question of whether or not they should or could be. Arguably, they should be subject to attack from far smaller percentages— while in fact they're more protected than Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-14 21:18:10
This is not a fully formed or coherent thought. I don't know what you're trying to say.
Also, you do know the difference between agreeing to a settlement and being required to do something?
You also do know what the word stealing means, and that what Citi is accused of has nothing to do with stealing houses, but rather misleading investors about the nature of the financial instruments they were selling.
The MERS reporting scandal, robo-signing, and false foreclosure issue is totally different and unrelated to this.
Additionally, nothing in the way Bitcoin operates would prevent Bitcoin based financial institutions from similarly defrauding investors, and in fact, there would be little way to compel a settlement from a Bitcoin bank or firm of any significant size. See Mt. Gox.
The irony, is that this type of enforcement action by the US Government shows exactly why it is a good thing for governments to be able to hold private institutions accountable for fraud.
@_date: 2014-07-16 05:48:01
Isn't a Bitcoin ETF a bit against the principles most Bitcoiners operate under?
@_date: 2014-02-18 23:25:46
No it isn't.
It isn't a choice you like. But that doesn't mean it doesn't constitute a choice.
From the US perspective, we are offering you a blue pill. All that is relevant to us is the blue pill. You can take the blue pill or not take the blue pill. Up to you. You have that choice. And that is all we care about and all we need to care about.
You are looking at it from your perspective. You see lots of pills. You in fact don't have to take any of the pills, but you seem to recognize the reality, that you'll probably die within a week if you don't take one of them.
That is your problem, however. Not ours. We gave you a choice. You have a choice. Our obligation to you ends there.
@_date: 2014-02-19 00:38:25


Please use more specific symbols. The generic pronoun "it" is confusing.
When I said your position, it is in reference to your position that you are not being given a choice. You are clearly given a choice and arguing against this fact is untenable.
You seem to shift to some other idea, such as, your concept of an ideal societal structure.
The problem is while not only can it not exist within our current framework, the idea of liberty or freedom actually runs counter to the idea of any society. You will always find your actions and liberty constrained by society. Your only option is to live a solitary existence. And by the way, this is quite possible. You can choose to do this. Go find a remote, uninhabited desert island. You can have all the freedom you want.
The point is that as soon as you are around another entity with agency your freedom becomes constrained. If I have a house, and I say you cannot go in my house, I am impeding on your freedom or liberty to travel as you so please.
So as I understand what you desire, its simply illogical, and untenable as well.


Then go build it. No one is stopping you. But make no mistake, we who like the system the way it is are allowed to stop you, even through killing you.


This has got to be one of the most bat-shit stupid analogies I've ever heard.


The current system is the product of hundreds of thousands of years of social evolution, and its done phenomenally well to get us here to the point where we have technologies like the internet, like space travel— and likely, it will be the system which gets us off this planet and to the stars, enabling some longevity as a species. To scorn and ridicule it is simply, funny.
It works. It benefits us. Once we get to a less resource constrained environment, once we move to post-scarcity scenarios and reduce our population to that which is actually needed or usable, we can discuss some other forms of government— but they certainly don't come close to what I believe you would find acceptable. Think more, Star Trek Federation than Star Wars Empire.
I really don't understand your guys obsession with self. You realize you're not important right? Get over the individual, and you'll be a lot better off.
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:22:53
Personality rights don't apply to news articles.
He invented a potentially revolutionary approach to financial transactions which has become a social phenomena, and he signed his proposal using his real name.
He's a public figure. They do not need his consent to do a story about him.
@_date: 2014-04-15 01:39:15
Had work to do. Still don't understand what your argument for me sending it to you would be?
I don't need to own something to not want to send it to you. For one, I'm using it and would be unable to see.
@_date: 2014-03-06 18:52:31
He's a public figure. He invented a potentially destabilizing approach to financial transactions.
If he didn't want to be found out, he shouldn't have signed the paper with his name.
End of story.
@_date: 2014-03-30 08:23:36
Why would that make me a coward?
@_date: 2014-05-12 12:20:47
So there's no point in delaying tax burdens as long as possible? I think every single accountant in the world would say bullshit.
There is absolutely every reason to be able to collect what is owed quickly and without overhead. And HMRC does not receive preferential treatment— they would take the same haircut.
@_date: 2014-09-08 06:00:37
That is a violation of the CFAA not a Fourth Amendment civil rights violation.
You're making this wayyyy too easy. Keep trying.
Just because you don't understand the rationale, doesn't mean there isn't one.
@_date: 2014-01-22 02:24:50
And we see how helpful bittorrent was to the media and entertainment industry; read not at all.
@_date: 2018-05-04 20:34:49
Why? I can have an ideological objection to Bitcoin and still profit off of it while its legal.
@_date: 2014-06-15 23:33:01
Who's hitting the after partay???!!?!?!
@_date: 2014-03-16 03:17:38
There are no national ads on cable tv. National refers to broadcast stations, and even then not all ads on broadcast networks are national. Some are regional, some are hyper-local.
It's splitting hairs but its not the way the term is used.
@_date: 2014-09-08 16:48:12
I think people are getting caught up with the idea that because it looks like it was an "American's server" the FBI was under the obligation to follow US procedure from the beginning, and that's just not really the case.
There are all sorts of exceptions to begin with, but the point is because they did not know and it was intentionally obfuscated, DPR constructively waived that initial right (which is a weird right to assert over an IP address anyway). 
He can't have his cake and eat it too. Kim Dotcom is trying a similar move which isn't working for him either— saying that Mega doesn't exist in the US so it can't be brought to trial in the US, yet it had servers in the US....
It's a manufactured "catch-22" which Courts don't go for. They're like, either you can have your constitutional protections and be subject to US jurisdiction, or you can claim you're outside US jurisdiction, but then you don't get Constitutional protections.
Similar shit with an "anonymized" service. The anonymization deprives you of the identify; and therefore deprives your asset of the Constitutional protection it might otherwise have.
Once de-anonymized, the FBI followed the letter of the law. Works for me, will likely work for the Courts.
I'd be very, very surprised otherwise.
@_date: 2014-12-02 08:42:06
Oh wow. I know all about Freemen on the land.
The problem is while you can opt out of your contract with the government, ie citizenship, you cannot opt out of a contract with the government and physically stay within that government's jurisdiction and not expect its laws to apply to you. Your presence indicates consent, particularly in representative democracies with free speech.
@_date: 2014-04-14 01:33:51
Sure, I'll watch the videos:
Video 1: Two things, first, why would feel uncomfortable threatening George personally? He is not expressing a morality that I can identify with and is therefore varelse (foreign, alien). Second, the video leaves out that when expanded to a group or state, George has already agreed with the group and state to help Oliver in exchange for goods, services, and protections. It is of course okay to threaten violence against someone to compel fulfillment of the terms of an agreement. Second, George is not a peaceful person. By asserting a property right, ie, that he has money, he has removed resources from the rest of humanity and has violated the non-aggression principle. He is not to be treated as a peaceful person, and we need not worry about threatening force against a truly peaceful person.
Our society already is arranged around voluntary interaction; your presence and participation is voluntary. You just do not like the consequences of opting out because you like the benefits the rest of us can provide, and we choose not to share those benefits without extracting terms and concessions. Sorry, but that is our natural ability.
Video 2: The first 3-4minutes has nothing to do with my response. Though it does make one mistake, it says it's Albin's money at one point. In modern society, no one has any unencumbered money or property, you have to pay a 40% exit tax in the US in order to remove that encumbrance— the value of the property was not generated by your or your ancestors, but received significant input and benefit from society as a whole; society is of course entitled to its share. Personally I think 40% is low.
At 6 minutes I guess we start somewhere. The State became the owner through communal assertion of a property right and defense of that property right.
Albin is not the owner of his hut, or if he is, he is the owner through similar imposition of force by taking the trees and depriving other men of their use. He has added value to it by constructing it as a hut, but his ownership right is not unencumbered; if there are other men, he must have their collective consent in order to use the trees this way. When the Cloud asks does Jeff have the right to demand Albin follow a set of rules in order to continue using the hut, the character on screen says "No, of course not" and this is wrong. Of course Jeff has the right, as representative of the other people on the island, to make such a demand because Albin has no right to use the trees this way. While its not Jeff's hut, it's also not Albin's hut.
Property, as a concept, either does not exist, or, is a claim that can only be asserted through force, eventually justifying the State as a collective property claim.
Claiming the northern hills, is no different than claiming the trees and depriving others of their use.
There is no such thing as "unowned materials" or "unowned land" it is all owned collectively by humanity, really, by all living beings. Improving something gives you a greater interest in the item, but it does not establish a unencumbered property claim, such as alloidal title.
Again, to claim something for yourself, is to deprive me of access to it, and then you've violated the non-aggression principle and I am authorized to use force against you.
Its also unclear to me why modern State's are not viewed as having homesteaded (in the case of the Western US), and ultimately, all land transfers for the past several thousand years have been voluntary through the execution of treaties after conflict.
There also isn't much discussion of why an ancestor would have a claim to land stolen from them. After all, they stole the land from humanity previously.
This video also does not ever address the claim you can always leave. It is basically worthless. I was really hoping it would address this.
Video  There's no situation where a 100,000,000 people lived well together without a State. IRS employee analogy is hilarious given that the IRS employees are part of the throng, not separate. Additionally, again, using the language of giving a percentage of what they earn. They could not earn anything absent the State, it is in fact the State earning and the individuals receiving a cut of their productivity which the State deems appropriate. It's easier to account for it the way we do because it makes people feel like they are important, when they are directly responsible for their earnings, when they really aren't.
We've also never replaced the gang with a gang which promised not to impose taxes.
Finally, the comparison between enforcers and the throng is nonsensical and actually quite dangerous, given that the enforcer community is quite capable of putting down the entire population of the throng. A huge part of the throng's money goes toward guard capabilities.
These videos are hilarious by the way. Are they targeted at indoctrinating young children with absolutely no analytical abilities or critical thinking shills?
Lets keep going, 
Video  Oh god 14 minutes. I don't know if I can take this. This isn't a new argument being made. This is the same as the earlier videos. It's not taking someone else's money. They don't have any money; it's changing their allocation. They're repeating themselves again. I'm skipping to the next video. If there's a point in this you want me to address, tell me. Again, everyone consents to the system; it isn't a kingdom.
Video  All animals are afraid of death. Many animals do submit to control, ie pack animals like wolves. You can in fact threaten many animals, it is just that humans can't because of an inability to communicate. One wolf can threaten another wolf.
I don't really understand the problem with this farm analogy. I mean, fine, but farms are productive and useful. Sure, people are livestock. Great. That's not news. The human project is much bigger than any individual or even than us; the goal is to get to the next evolutionary milestone.
I guess I've always acknowledged the points this video makes, I just don't care. We give up liberty to participate in a society because participating in a society is better than going it alone. We want the human cows to be more productive, so we can get off this planet and get to the stars. I'm not sure if I'm a farmer, I know a bunch, and I might have a small farm, but maybe I'm a cow too. I just don't mind.
I've always said that America has become so good at slavery, you don't even see the chains. I saw them a long time ago. I just don't care.
Also, there will be no peace in a free society.
Video 6: You guys are obsessed with ownership. No one owns anything, including themselves. The idea that anyone has a right to destroy something just because they own it is absurd; that's some Rand shit of blowing up "your factory." But you don't own your factory in any clear sense, it is that society has entrusted you to manage the factory; you are proxy holding the accumulated productivity of the people who built and work in the factory in trust so that it may be redeployed. Ostensibly, you are supposed to have shown a talent for management or being able to allocate capital, though the concept of inheritance has poisoned that well somewhat.
I like using this cute-ish girl with bangs to get to guys living in their mothers basements. Very good propaganda.
If you have a problem with all of what she's saying, go somewhere else, seriously. Keep the fruits of your own labor— ha, what could you build in the state of nature? Remember, even your education is the product of human society. Society absolutely has every right to control you.
Haha this video is getting ridiculous. Love the music— lets hit a mosh pit.
What is this obsession with freedom? Being in a room with a group of people, it is impossible to be free. Being free requires being alone, and that's boring.
Video  The truth about voting? Oh god. I just don't care. No one's been voting for a smaller government! Most people should not have any involvement in decision making, frankly— so I'm not really concerned about deluding people into believing they influence the system, I just don't care about the question. Maybe the system is influenced, maybe it isn't. The consent of the governed and establishment of a just society is granted by lack of revolt.
Oh this is great manipulation— compliment your viewer as brilliant for watching this video.
I work in advertising btw, so I find the approach a lot of these presenters take hilarious.
I can't watch him anymore. If I've missed something important, again, let me know.
@_date: 2014-02-17 22:57:28
Wherever you'd like. The US does not have anywhere close to a monopoly on the world's property.
@_date: 2014-02-14 15:54:40
Or you just want to try to bilk the Bitcoin community for some cash.
Two month account with basically no posts?
I'd say you work for Manwin.
Who pays for porn anyway?
@_date: 2014-02-10 01:32:14
Well the moment you claim the ability to assert a property right (this is mine), then everyone else can assert a property right. Which then means a group can get together and say this is ours. So the group gets together and says this area is ours, say the continental United States, and we say this entity has sovereignty over it.
So then when you go and "buy" the land, you don't really own it so much as you have a title to it; to use it for certain purposes, etc... hell you might not even have all of it; the water, mineral, or air rights might have been severed from it. So when you say you own land, you actually just have a property interest in it which is derived from and protected by the government. And part of that title, a requirement for use of the land is paying a tax to the sovereign.
If you really owned the land, then you would be sovereign over it. You're not.
That help?
@_date: 2014-02-08 06:41:38
Mafia demands in exchange for required services.
Governments offer in exchange for requested services.
Also, participation. Mafia is like a feudal lord, our government is democratic and consent based.
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:54:59
I don't even know what kind of response you think that is.
If you do something which affects me, I have the right to find out who you are.
Am I allowed to poke you, and then say, "Respect my privacy!" when you find out I'm the one poking you and tell other people?
Of course not. The universe is fundamentally not anonymous. Privacy and anonymity are all achieved through obfuscation, or the erection of walls. If nothing comes out from behind that wall, I have no need to look over it. But if I start taking fire from behind the wall, I have every right to figure out what's behind it.
You cannot attempt to influence others and remain a private individual. It's a logical no-go.
@_date: 2014-09-08 12:11:15
1) The law does not need to articulate the State interest in its copy, rather they would only need to articulate the interest when defending it in Court. More so, this is also a draft regulatory framework, and if submitted for voting and enactment would likely be accompanied by a preamble which would explain the drafter's intent. This Press Release could even be used in court:  Even if they did not, a statement in Court as easy as, preserving tax revenue, and thus the State's ability to exist would fly. They could also note the Federal Governments lack of policy and law as a reason for their own actions, and state they would happily subserve their law to whatever the Federal Government ends up doing (Federal Supremacy / Pre-emption, which is not the same as the DCC).
2) The author does not address all of the potential state interests, or the possible effects related to that State interest. Consumer protection in is one vague one, but he doesn't even make a compelling argument for that. For example, are there any FDIC insured Bitcoin banks? What FinCen restrictions would be necessary to get one? Just the idea of depositors having no recourse to recover their funds would be enough of a consumer protection argument that the restrictions created by BitLicense could be argued to address this issue specifically.
3) It does not harm interstate commerce. It may harm interstate commerce via Bitcoin. This is an important distinction to understand. Under this theory, a State would not be able to regulate basically anything coming in and out of it, ie, gun sales. The author needs to make a better argument here.
4) Something is not unconstitutional until the US Supreme Court says so. You may think it is, or is likely to be, or could be, or in your opinion is, but to say it is, indicates a lack of understanding about the US judicial system and invites people to ridicule your ignorance and not take your position seriously.
5) The way one objects to a law as unconstitutional is for it to be passed, and then for one to file suit and eventually have it overturned. An argument to something being unconstitutional is not actually a valid reason for a State not to pass it. You need to argue against the State's internal reasons for wanting to do so. People will want to pass BitLicense regardless of whether or not it gets overturned in a few years.
This is a good attention grabbing headline, but it doesn't hold water, and likely, a Court would uphold the majority of the BitLicense framework. If there are specific clauses with specific issues, I think that would be a stronger approach to challenge.
*Edit: A funny thought I had while responding to some people here, is that complaints about BitLicense are often phrased like, hey, one little State in the US might set the standard in a fairly pro-regulatory fashion for the rest of the world; but they forget the reason why this might be a model which gets followed, that NYS has a GDP of $1.1 trillion, add in CT, NJ, you get another $800, PA and MA, another $1 trillion. There is a lot of money here, and a lot of advanced technical consumers. The real fear is not what BitLicense would do to Bitcoin, because frankly, I don't see it as that negatively overreaching given it applies only to companies who want to act in NY or with NY customers and even more so because of its similarities to current banking law (and that I don't think banks are regulated enough), but a realization that if you're a foreign entity and you don't comply with BitLicense, you'll lose out on a massive part of your market before it even gets started— people internationally were salivating over the low barriers to entry in the US market of Bitcoin vs. traditional banking but sometimes there's good reason for a barrier to entry. People need to stop treating the NYS government like it is some lowly sub-entity of the US, or a naive child, and realize that it is fucking powerful, and in the world of finance, there are maybe only a handful of other entities which can play with it. It has its own powerful lawyers who will scrutinize the legal ramifications and there really is a vested interest in protecting New Yorkers and their money from the rest of the world. The people that recognize this get results from their negotiations. People that don't, bloggers with no real knowledge and just say oh these guys are unconstitutional, will get left sucking their thumbs.*
@_date: 2014-09-08 07:27:35
It's not hypocrisy. It's a basic component of Police Powers. I did not say it was hypocrisy, I pointed out that's what you were trying to paint it as.
Big difference. I don't take kindly to people lying about what I said.
Hypocrisy is not "do as I say not as I do." Hypocrisy is "do as I say and not as I do even though I said I wouldn't as well." Someone who has an alcoholic can be pro-prohibition (alcohol should not be legal) and still drink, and not be a hypocrite. The government has never said it will not do these things under xertain circumstances, so it is not a hypocrite.  People throw this word around frequently without understanding it.
You also missed the point re CFAA. I've never heard of a case where determining the IP address of a system has been construed as exceeding authorization. Ie the act of making a service publicly available means you are authorized to have access to the IP address. The CFAA isn't as broad as you think it is- Swartz and Weev's prosecutions were pretty obvious violations; Swartz even more so. He actively modified his attack based on actions by administrators.
@_date: 2014-02-11 00:12:49


Why would you compare it to that? I don't mine.
I don't know what kind of programming you're used to, but for me, this would be trivial. The only issue is scale, so as I told you, it might take my algorithm a day to run.
Granted my system would've been written properly in the first place, so without knowing the details of their architecture, I would say, it can either be done in a couple days, or not at all because they did not preserve the necessary data.
At the end of the day, its text data; throughput and processing limitations simply aren't big enough constraints to restrict the speed. The main delay would be retrieving and loading up tape backups.
Its more of a physical task than an engineering one.
@_date: 2014-07-01 08:47:53
This is a fight you have no right to win. Anything international (transiting a border), the Governments involved have a fundamental right to examine. Right to privacy and similar simply does not apply when transiting a border, whether you do so digitally or not.
@_date: 2014-07-08 15:51:35
If the entity is not conducting lending operations, or acting in some sort of fractional reserve capacity, I don't really think the word is applicable.
@_date: 2014-02-17 05:26:59
But that is what you are asking for by asking for liberty, or by asking to put your individual desires above that of the rest of society.
The fact is the world is a very harsh place— the state of nature is terrible. It is brutish. It is animalistic. We band together for this very reason, so we don't end up in insane circumstances.
When you say that the leviathan as established by the social contract doesn't have the right to limit what you can and cannot do, that it doesn't have the right to impose its will, that's fine, but you're opting out and right now there is no Galt City for you to go to.
All I need to do to be morally just is allow you to leave. But remember, you can't take anything with you. Just the clothes on your back.
@_date: 2014-12-02 18:29:34
First, if you assert a property claim to a Bitcoin, even if everyone on the block chain agrees with you, you are depriving me of access to that Bitcoin through violence i.e. force by mathematically preventing me from having access to it to to trade it for goods.
Also, you realize that the normal banking system also operates on consensus through the Bank for International Settlements, and similar central banking authorities of which large banks are members, and therefore through the accumulated proxy of multiple nations and millions if not billions of people. The major difference is the lowering of the barrier to entry for establishing consensus and direct rather than representative participation in that consensus.
Either way, Bitcoin is no different in its use of violence or force for preventing access to a resource.
@_date: 2014-02-16 20:39:56
What is the point of something harder to trace? You're talking about something designed to undermine legitimate government regulation.
@_date: 2014-05-11 15:08:34
If the government decides to ban bitcoin, you need to stop using it or risk the consequences of being caught.
The concept of freedom within a society is meaningless and illogical. Why do you want freedom?
@_date: 2014-02-08 05:56:14
Oh, look, a not-stupid. I like talking to not-stupids. Do you have any more not-stupid's for me to talk to?
The conflation is okay within the US and much of Western Europe because of the nature of representative democracy. Society and the government are basically one and the same, or more precisely, the government is the specific instantiation of leviathan the society has chosen. I actually went through and fixed a couple places where I mean't society instead of government.
Regardless, I don't think its meaningful distinction until you succeed in arguing that the government no longer operates with the consent of the people or has gone beyond society's guidance, and that's a very different point than what's going on here (and with most libertarian objections; they're not objections of degree, but of class/type).
I do get that some who would reform the government believe this to have occurred. That doesn't, to me, change one's obligations if one is in a clear minority. If you want to examine this path further let me know, we can discuss. When people are discussing that ideologically, taxation is theft, its not really the same as the government just going a bit beyond what we want.
As to the legitimacy of control, again that is derived from the people, but prior was asserted through right of conquest in the Revolutionary War, and then re-asserted in the Civil War, and indirectly in WWII. Right of Conquest was a peremptory international norm until fairly recently, and therefore a societal norm.
I also prefer the word sovereignty over, to own. Own gets very... weird. We need to distinguish between sovereignty and title.
@_date: 2014-07-07 14:06:54
I have a lot of interest in Bitcoin.
The issue for me is that it can potentially be used to circumvent State power; and there is no moral justification for that in Democratic societies with virtually universal suffrage.
If the State wants to exercise capital controls and similar, that is the State's right and it is supported by the will of the people who absent a state of revolt, consent to be governed. Capital is accrued not just by individuals but by humanity over generations. One's "money" does not really belong to oneself, but belongs to the broader society and is held in short term proxy by individuals.
Bitcoin changes this by in some ways enabling individuals to actually "own" something or at least be able to destroy the wealth generated by society.
That doesn't make any sense to me— and therefore to me, suggests the experiment is doomed to failure.
@_date: 2014-02-07 12:46:16
I would be very, very careful about what you say to the public. If you're experiencing the equivalent of a bank run, giving the impression that the issues are merely technical and not financial could be problematic.
Also, initiating a stop like this to drive the price down in order to mitigate the financial issues and allowing yourselves to basically trade your way out of it could also be problematic.
@_date: 2014-12-02 17:47:52
If all property claims require violence, what makes your claim more legitimate than their claim?
I'm seriously asking. This is a basic logical conundrum.
@_date: 2014-02-16 21:06:13
You have the right to trade subject to the constraints of governments/sovereigns/leviathans. This isn't the state of nature, you have no unrestrained rights. You have limited social rights.
@_date: 2014-03-17 15:57:27
You do in order to win when Newsweek publishes an article about Satoshi Nakamoto, the man behind Bitcoin, and you happen to have the same name and give a statement to the reporter saying "I don't have anything to do with that anymore, that's been handed over to other people." That makes him a limited-purpose public figure.
Please note in the language of the statement, which looks to be a sworn affidavit of support of a claim of libel / defamation / infliction of emotional distress, or similar, Dorian S. Nakamoto does not say he did not speak to the reporter or deny the authenticity of the exchange as presented in Newsweek. Rather, he denies that he consented to speaking to the reporter— a more specific claim.
Here's a summary: 
If he did speak to the reporter, which it appears he likely did and he did have that exchange, there is absolutely no grounds under which Newsweek could be guilty of libel.
The wording in the article is intentionally a bit vague and refrains from making specific claims about Dorian S. Nakamoto in relation to Bitcoin (except for his quotation), but instead makes claims about Satoshi Nakamoto and Bitcoin, and Dorian S. Nakamoto's life and whether or not he could have created Bitcoin.
This may have created an issue in some people's minds but 1) does not rise to libel per se, 2) does not rise to intentional infliction of emotional distress, 3) cannot be characterized as defamation since it is not a negative to have invented Bitcoin, and 4) really does not lead to any credible cause of action, in my mind, since I don't even see how Newsweek's actions could be described as negligent.
You would need evidence of actual malice— such as Newsweek believing the story to be week and having her re-write it to avoid certain claims in the event it turned out to be false.
Hope this helps.
@_date: 2014-12-02 11:26:16
And also why governments and other entities may stop you.
@_date: 2014-02-26 06:38:50
Why would I need to know him personally? Perhaps I do? Perhaps I don't. However, if he expatriated and renounced, he would appear on the list the IRS creates and publishes in the Federal Registry. I have not seen his name on the list. It is public information required under HIPAA.
If he had, he would still be required to pay an expatriation tax on his assets.
Like I said, it helps to know what you're talking about.
@_date: 2014-03-30 09:44:06
Where do you find these previously unclaimed items? Antarctica?
@_date: 2014-02-07 16:50:37
It's not completely decentralized.
It's not necessarily a fully reserved ecosystem.
It's not borderless. The borders exist as do regulations about moving items across them. Whether you want to comply with those regulations is a different matter.
Etc etc etc isn't an argument.
@_date: 2014-07-07 18:10:13


Having aligned norms is a bit different than being allowed to circumvent the group's decisions. You can have whatever norms you want, but if the group decides everyone has to contribute X, or even just you have to contribute X, it does not matter what your norms are. I haven't been missing the distinction— I've been pointing out that wanting to use Bitcoin for all but a very few things which are very rare in the West, is usually because the individual seeks to exceed their social rights— and people often fail to realize that, and to realize that all of their rights are social.
Everything you create is in part attributable to the group (society) into which you were born. You can leave, but you cannot take any inherited asset with you; the inheritance was contingent upon you deploying the asset within and for the group, and anything you've created yourself is not unencumbered, since you used the group's knowledge, tools, labor, etc...
The point is many believe in the idea of "freedom." But the fact is one surrenders freedom the moment one joins a society. Things our no longer yours but ours, and you are allowed to dispose of them as you see fit through the conventions we have established in our social contract.
The problem is that Bitcoin, while convenient in some ways, is also very dangerous to societies because it allows someone to make something inaccessible to society in a way which one can't do easily with many other things— such as large quantities of gold, or a factory, etc...
Money is in many ways the stored productive surplus of a society, and no individual has the right to evade society's will— but that is exactly what cryptocurrency's allow, and they make it super easy.
The reason this is all short-sighted, is that you are not necessarily right, or know best, or capable of being right, or knowing what is best; and you don't have a mandate to decide.
You will act in ways that benefit you, your friends, your family, those around you. You will act in ways that are short-sighted and not necessarily aligned with the broader goals of the human project— to get off this planet and evolve further so that we do not become the victims of a cosmic accident.
If you want to avoid taxes, to avoid being wiped out in a Cyprus type event, I'm sorry but there just isn't a place for you in our society.
@_date: 2014-02-18 23:35:54
So you've come to realize your position is untenable?
@_date: 2014-02-07 06:16:04
I'll debate you right here.
My position is roughly that I see little to no need for or benefit from Bitcoin for individuals in developed countries. The only real utility I've seen well argued is people who deal in very small amounts of money who need to send their earnings home to their families in other countries. I also do not see that a mature Bitcoin financial system would be much different from our current financial system.
@_date: 2014-02-26 16:59:00


I'm not saying they lost control of their private key. I'm saying when they generated new transfers, or re-credited the account, they didn't check that what they created in order to do so still controlled bitcoin. Perhaps it was an unclear way of saying this.
What G Maxwell referred to in that irc chat about Gox raising fees and not understanding their problem, is what I'm suggesting regulation would have fixed. It would have forced them to understand their problem and account for it.
The nature of this type of problem causes a feedback loop. What started small evolved and poisoned their entire system. In my mind, it's the exact kind of thing regulation would catch.


It was apparently confirmed in IRC... I take it as authentic.


That's a fair point— though I think the raising of fees to compensate suggests this was a long running issue.


Frankly, to me that's what regulations are. Users (ie society) demanding exchanges put in place certain practices.


Not bad. I'll think on it. What I do think it does get across is how stupid exposing yourself to this problem is. IE why would you ever look for a check number to see if the check cleared.
@_date: 2014-02-06 15:52:54
So what? This is great and should apply to BTC like they would to any financial product. I have no issue with any of this oversight.
@_date: 2014-02-07 13:09:31
Stll don't think we need FINRA regulation for BTC? (Context Mt. Gox)
@_date: 2014-10-18 02:54:27
You do not need to sign anything. Your existence within the US or whichever country you live in indicates your consent to the relevant social contract. If you object, you can leave, and if you act against you will be imprisoned for your violations of our laws. The US government has sovereignty over its territory.
@_date: 2014-02-10 11:29:21
Ironically, this could have been going on literally for years, and was only discovered via some sort of audit done either for taxes or for an investor. They could've been out hundreds of thousands of BTC before the price shot up last year, and now have basically an unmitigable balance on their books.
@_date: 2014-04-01 06:29:53


What is your point?


No, that US.
@_date: 2014-04-11 09:54:56
Because the pricing was targeted at BTC being worth $1000/ea and the market hasn't readjusted.
@_date: 2014-02-10 07:16:48
First, when it is a representative democracy based on universal suffrage which is the form of government demanding taxes, it is absolutely a sound practice to say that it is society demanding taxes. Isomorphic or not, this form of government is fundamentally representative of the will of society.
That said, although I do not need it to be the case, it is likely the case that any form of government is representative of the will of society by virtue of its existence as controlling entity. If it were not representative of the will of society, then it would not exist; the society would have replaced it with something else.
There isn't a flaw in reasoning here, and there is no lack of rigor. It is a self-evident reality. One cannot have a government which is not indicative of society's will; even a dictatorship indicates that society is willing to subvert individual rights to the authority of that dictator.
I've said this several times. Either point out the logical flaw in this reasoning (specifically, the representative democracy case, if you admit we have one, or the general case if you suggest we do not), or stop objecting.
It is bizarre for you to continually say "you're using bad logic" but not actually counter my argument.
@_date: 2014-07-08 07:00:10
No, he didn't. He said Silk Road took drugs off the street and replaced gang violence with a reputation system, and you know, murder for hire.
Your error is that because the reputation system exists on the site, anything that Silk Road is replacing something with must be on the site. His implication is that Ulbricht as owner of Silk Road either offered murder for hire services offline or that the effect of Silk Road was to induce the drug selling community to resort to murder-for-hire to take out competitors, rather than drug violence.
Sorry you're confused, but next time ask someone for clarification rather than get in a debate about what someone else said. If they said they didn't say X, don't insist they did, look at the words they used and try to understand how they would be interpreted so as not to say something else.
@_date: 2014-09-02 01:46:04
How can something be bigger than its substrate? Thats an absurd proposition.
@_date: 2014-02-17 18:08:50
Not all contracts have to be written, but the Constitution is in essence that contract.
Also, you signed your social security card did you not? You sign all sorts of things which constitute components of your contract.
@_date: 2014-02-08 04:49:30
I'm sorry. I don't understand why you would think this is about ego?
You're full of bravado against others who choose not to engage, but when someone takes the time to outline the ideological framework around which society revolves, and point out why no property interest is violated, all you have is some blasé quip?
Do you actually understand the ideology you put forward, or are you just parroting talking points you heard?
@_date: 2014-01-31 22:10:20


Why? Bitcoins are easily stolen and tough to get back once stolen. Better to have a bank protect your private keys from theft. Same shit, different underlying asset.


No it isn't.


Only because you've designed your assumptions to necessitate this. In reality, its no different than any other commodity backed financial system.
Remember, fractional reserve banking didn't start with fiat.


This doesn't follow as a necessity.


Its not any different other than being non-physical.
@_date: 2014-02-19 00:55:22
There is no such thing as liberty within society. The idea that the two could be compatible is anathema and incoherent.
Choose one— choose wisely.
The real issue here is your and others obsession with the individual. We need to have a holistic, topographical approach. The idea is that "humanity" needs to survive, to progress, to reach the point where we create AI and it replaces us as the most advanced life form in this area of the galaxy, and it expands out into the stars in order to minimize its exposure to catestrophic risk.
I think the issue is that substantial systemic change would put this endeavor at risk, potentially setting us back. We have a system which is good enough to get us to the next evolutionary hurdle. 
Risking the destruction of society with something new and untested is to me unnecessary and unwise.
I often think of The Moon Is A Harsh Mistress. Their organizational structure was originally cell based in order to be more resilient to co-option, but ultimately, you still need a command and control structure, you still need someone giving orders.
Decentralization only works when the decentralized units are quantized in ways that make sense relative to the task being accomplished. Or if you care more about the units than about the tasks they are performing. We need to arrange into power structures in order to accomplish complex tasks. Governments, corporations, etc... some other name, we will always need organizational structure so long as we have difficult goals. If we just want to eek out a living, fine. But if we want off this planet, there need to be workers, drones, queens, etc...
The irony is, humanity is decentralized. We are a planet of two hundred nation states all acting in different ways, and perhaps we might run a risk of corruption if we assembled into world government, but we're not really considering that.
BTC is no different than any other form of centralization. It is an attempt by a small group of people to impose their view of the world on those around them. It may succeed or it may fail, but it is no more morally just than our current system, and our current system has every right to fight it, and may the most well adapted system win.
@_date: 2014-09-02 23:59:08
To the second part— if you assert a private property right, the "State" can be viewed as a group of people collectively asserting a private property right which is not only more powerful but also likely supercedes your claim.
Since any private property claim represents depriving the rest of humanity of access to the good (whether it be land, an object, a tree you cut down to build a house), the non-aggression principle immediately fails. IE your act of asserting your private property claim is an act of aggression against the rest of us, so we can form a "State" and assert a private property claim on you, and we are justified in our use of force due to your aggression.
See what I'm getting at? Either all property claims are in some way "private" and all are legitimate, including state claims, or none are.
Hope this helps as a primer on why non-aggressionism / voluntaryism / libertarianism fails as a defendable ideology.
Rand simply missed that State action is just a collectivized form of "private" action, and also missed the idea that you can't have inherited "property rights" without also "inheriting contractual obligations" such as to the social contract which allowed you and protected the limited property rights in the first place. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 06:29:52
The google pro-btc standpoint is one I hadn't thought about.
It just crossed my mind when I saw the prize was over 1k and that's the threshold.
Usually for a cover contest they'll have the songwriters permission.
 The intent of the statement being against apple is what really triggered it though- ie the intent to damage / harm their brand, get revenge for an act they did using their own IP; that's what distinguishes it.
I think the big thing would be to consider havif a backup place to put these that wouldn't be so easily dmca'd.
If I were apple I'd take down any and all videos that used significant portions of IP.
But yeah, IANAL, and I think it's a cool idea. I actually like it that the prize will get so high so quickly- I have mixed feelings about btc as I've told you, but I like experiments in crowd funding proposals.
You're right that there could be some Barbara Streisand blowback, but the ones that use Steve jobs voice they can distance themselves from by saying its disrespectful to his memory etc... And save face that way.
Anyway, was just throwing it out there given how crazy le reactions to copyright have been.
@_date: 2014-09-06 14:04:44
That's not going to indemnify the creators and maintainers of the codebase.
@_date: 2014-05-19 08:11:28
I read somewhere that you'll be renouncing your citizenship. On behalf of the American people, we can we expect our 40% cut of the Bitcoin investment? Also, will you be employing a 3rd party auditor like PriceWaterhouse? or simply having the IRS examine your past transactions?
@_date: 2014-09-02 01:56:15
He's complaining about having to have their employees fingerprinted? And file regulatory paperwork about their customers like every other fucking financial services company?
Come the fuck on. You silo your users by jurisdiction and have separate staffs and subsidiaries like every other company.
This guy has no vision, and if he really thinks this is the approach rather than embracing regulation and finding the optimal ways to operate in the regulatory environment, OKCoin is going to be in trouble.
Thankfully for their investors, he's the CTO, not the CFO or CEO, so legislative issues really aren't under his purview at all. If I were on his board and his role was anything other than technical, I'd fire him for this.
@_date: 2014-12-02 09:58:58
You have to claim some form of rights in order to object to violence or coercion as a wrong.
How do you claim possession over your body other than through violence and coercion? How is you subjugating the cells in your body any different than a State subjugating you?
In other words, you and others who put forward similar positions like to use the word violence because it triggers a moral / ethical emotional response in human beings. Most people view violence to be wrong, so if you associate the acts you don't like as being violent, people may think of them as wrong. I'll use your words even though I think its prejudicial, but I want to discuss substance not semantics.
The problem is you need to establish why "violence" is wrong, other than assuming that it is an innate or inherent truth. What is wrong about me making you do something? What is wrong about a group of hundreds making another person do something? Where is the line between right and wrong, the desires and interests of the individual, vs. the desires and individual of the group?
Every argument I've heard for establishing that violence, force, coercion, etc, is wrong, ends up relying on some form of violence, force, coercion, possession, deprivation, etc... itself, and is therefore incoherent.
Our governments, over time, have become more respectful of the individual mostly out of practical necessity, efficiency, etc... so we have normative views about respecting other human life, not killing without cause or purpose, but those are just artifacts of our currently evolved system. Furthermore, if you want to be left alone, and not be ruled, then you also need to leave others alone.
@_date: 2014-02-16 21:59:56
@_date: 2014-03-07 09:00:20
Under what cause of action or legal theory?
@_date: 2014-02-16 21:04:36
Well, thats illegal. Sovereign's have the right to tax, even more so sovereigns based in democratic principles where you have representation.
Your recourse is through the system. If not, don't be surprised if you end up in jail or dead.
@_date: 2014-03-27 06:33:25
Then please leave our society and have no financial interaction with the rest of us.
You have no right to disobey our laws and social contract.
@_date: 2014-03-27 18:20:17
I don't really know how that's a response to much of what I've said.
Also, I don't really know what this "evil" you speak of is, and while you certainly can practice civil disobedience, don't be surprised when you end up in jail, and I don't want to hear you whining about the DOJ threatening you with 90 years for a financial crime. Those are the consequences of your actions.
@_date: 2014-03-07 09:40:59
Oh boy you do not understand jurisdiction.
By financially engaging with US citizens within the US, the entire corporate entity of MtGox becomes subject to US law unless it is internally silo'd, with your funds / coins never comingling with US funds / coins / accounts.
Since that's not the case, the US government does have quite a bit of business touching "your" assets— not so much as its your fault, but that you allowed yourself to be exposed to the US government and risk of this by using MtGox, which you knew accepted US customers.
Oh yeah, MtGox also utilized a .com TLD.... so you're also fucked that way.
@_date: 2014-02-07 22:55:03
What are you trying to get at by saying this? Can the government compel adherence to the social contract through the use or threat of force? Yes. That is in fact the primary purpose of government and leviathan.
If you want to live in the state of nature and exercise your natural abilities, you may do so. But you will leave with nothing but the shirt on your back, for all else has been the creation of the society the rest of us have bonded together to form. You will be gagged, for it is society which has formed language, and if we could, we would rip the knowledge our schools have imparted from your mind. You also, at slightest offense, could be killed by our military or border forces.
But you treasure your individualism and freedom, so go for it. You won't be missed.
@_date: 2014-09-06 15:56:15
How is that a shakedown?
He'll likely have an additional fine imposed, and hopefully a few years of jail time.
He was facing 30+ so I'd say 5 with the possibility of release in 24-36 months.
He's got a lenient judge though, but the guy has to stop running his mouth to the press. You say stupid shit like accusing the government of going on a which hunt for him and "they got a Bitcoiner" etc... you're going to get lit up, no matter who your judge is.
@_date: 2014-07-01 08:57:57
If they accept customers from the US, and send data into the US, they are operating in the US.
@_date: 2014-07-07 16:41:45
But absence of a state of revolt is in fact evidence of consent to be governed.
@_date: 2014-02-08 22:48:06


Constructed on land which the rest helped secure for you from the King/Queen/Commonwealth.


Again, on land which which the rest of us helped secure from the King/Queen/Commonwealth and which you have title to with our collective permission. Also, the well contains water which has fallen onto our lands and collected there as well.
The moment you assert that you have the ability to demarcate property which is yours, I can assert that we collectively have the ability to demarcate property which is ours, that we give you permission to use.
Either property exists or it doesn't. Either property is theft or it is not. But the moment you assert a property right, so can the rest of us.


Which operates with the rest of our permission and consent.


There is nothing private. You would be dead absent our protection, or subject to another sovereign who might not be so benevolent.


No, I'm informing you the idea of you even having a choice is nonsensical. If your action runs opposed to the government as agent of society, well, I hope you're stronger than the rest of us.
@_date: 2014-09-08 07:51:54


No, I do not. I am pointing out the distinction between a "double standard" and "hypocrisy."
I do not think that it is surprising or even worth mentioning that Law Enforcement has a different standard when investigating or preventing a crime than the standard for a normal citizen.


No, you could not. You can argue that the creator/operator did not want the IP known, but you could never successfully argue that it falls under a "reasonable expectation of privacy" or that it is a component of a site which an owner/operator can "lawfully" deny authorization for; even more so to a government agency. IP's are how the internet functions.


No, actually, it doesn't at all. Remember, JSTOR and MIT had the lawful right to stop Swartz's access. Does an anonymous server existing somewhere in the world have the lawful right to stop the FBI from finding information out about it when it is involved in the active commission of crimes on US soil? Of course not.
@_date: 2014-05-19 09:38:34
All of these aren't hindrance's to innovation, but protecting prior innovations which protect consumers.
@_date: 2014-02-06 16:37:42
First, there is a concept of basic fairness. If one financial institution has to comply with regulation it doesn't make sense to me why Coinbase, another financial institution, wouldn't have to. At the very least I don't see how they could be subject to less regulation than a Forex trader.
Since we're not going to completely deregulate the banking sector; the societal will is not there, then the other option is to regulate BTC similarly.
If you have issues, work toward reforming FINRA.
If Bitcoin is not regulated, then society will grow to realize that it does not comply with society's standard's, and then it risks eradication and outright criminalization. I would not be surprised if many people are arrested under FINRA one day, regardless of warning or guidance from the SEC.
Is that what you want?
You speak of innovation, but I don't really think of Bitcoin as particularly innovative. Its just a method of circumventing regulation, but circumventing regulation is illegal and societally immoral. Circumventing regulation in any way other than modification of regulation through the democratic process is wrong.
As to your last topic about laws. Society need not prove laws work or not. Laws are created by society, and whatever society agrees upon is morally correct, no matter how arbitrary or capricious. You are of course welcome to leave society, but you will be sent out on your back, and also be forced to repay society for the education you have received and the head start in technology that education creates.
You have no personal or individual freedom. You only exist because of society. You only know how to speak because of society. Most of your knowledge other than basic experiences with the physical world, comes from society.
When you speak of yourself outside of society, you speak of nothing.
@_date: 2014-02-08 23:08:20
No, I'm not. A representative, democratic government is a manifestation of a society's will.
All governments may be manifestations of the society's will but they may not be and I don't need to examine that assertion for my point, so I choose not to.
@_date: 2014-02-07 14:43:09


You argued not that FINRA is specifically too intrusive, but for the status quo of no regulation. I would consider a compromise, but you presented your argument in the framework that regulation in general is bad. And that is nonsensical, irrational, and unsupportable.


I think the history of the banking industry indicates otherwise. But we'll have to agree to disagree.


Again, I disagree but I don't want to make this about money laundering. I don't particularly care to discuss that.


Massive harm. Hah.


Fantastic. A great regulation.


Lots. It raises the barrier to entry.


Who cares? This isn't a counter argument. This is an example of someone who committed fraud despite the regulation. I don't know enough about what role email played into the Madoff case so I won't discuss it. But the problem is you think this a meaningful counter argument to requiring email retention.
This is bad logic. To counteract the argument for email retention, you need to show that it is overall generally ineffective (not ineffective in one instance) or that overall the costs outweigh the benefits. You don't attempt that.


That's not a net economic cost or inefficiency. It creates other industries, technologies, specializations. One could say its a benefit of regulation.


Why does the client have your personal email? Why are you using them on the same machine or device? That is not honest and/or well meaning.


I disagree. We end up with a well ordered society.


Eh, now you're equivocating— ie making the topic "crime" as a statutory definition as opposed to crime as bad acts. Society's already had this one out; bad acts are bad, but yes, we do create statutory violations because of the risks of evolving into bad acts.
It's like you're questioning the entire judicial precent of malum in se / malum prohibitum. And that goes nowhere.


Eh, that's more because of jurisdictional inefficiencies. They're not in fact subject to the rules, or the same set of rules. If anything, you just made an argument for why we should lock down the internet and any international communication (anything which crosses jurisdictions) over it should be heavily scrutinized.
@_date: 2014-09-08 12:21:22
I send him emails weekly, encouraging them to continue pursuing BitLicense and to pass it as stands. Bitcoin is way too much of a frontier right now, and if we can add some stability to it through a regulatory framework, I think we'll all benefit.
@_date: 2014-02-16 22:05:31


They would be wrong.


This is nonsensical. Either you can have liberty, or you can submit yourself to the will of the group, of others. 
Being part of a society necessarily constrains your liberty unless you are dictator over it, because your decisions become bound by repercussions from others.
This is a simple logically truth.


No. As long as we can monitor them it's better to leave them be. Systems need holes to release the pressure, let some of the steam out and maintain stability.
Too much of a stranglehold and the pressure builds until we end up with a real problem.
@_date: 2014-02-16 20:38:54
You have no right to shield or hide assets from the Italian government. Have fun paying the 20% re-entry tax.
@_date: 2014-02-06 13:15:52
Why would anyone want a Nexus over an iPhone?
@_date: 2014-03-15 03:24:36
Transaction malleability seems better described by:
Pinnochio's makes the best pizza.
The best pizza is made by Pinnochio's.
The "meaning" of the transaction does not necessarily change, in some cases its just a reordering of the inputs.
Implying the meaning changes could be confusing to readers.
@_date: 2014-02-07 05:07:56
Blowback. Not interested. If I do this, I will do so completely anonymously.
@_date: 2014-01-31 16:21:51
This is so nonsensical I don't even know where to begin.
Why do you think the bitcoin economy wouldn't evolve to incorporate fractional reserve lending?
How is having a btc any different than having a piece of gold which you store at a bank and they write someone else a letter which says they have 10 bars of gold at the bank and the other person uses that letter to buy a truck?
As long as the person who sold the truck keeps getting their payments, who cares?
Credit is not based on fiat at all.
@_date: 2014-09-17 20:12:12
What fee are you going to take out of the equation?
Credit card processing fees? You realize that the same products will develop on Bitcoin as well, and AirBNB's cut is significantly higher.
@_date: 2014-12-02 08:31:15
You're not being forced. You've willingly opted in to a system of government and society which favors government control over currency. No one's keeping you here.
@_date: 2014-04-10 04:05:40
You've missed the point. The current system is so tied to government and physical security that the suicide of the current system would lead to physical destabilization.
The USSR had a wide-variety of stop-gap measures that allowed a graceful collapse; people lived near eachother ie their families, so they had trusted units of support, because people weren't really paid anyway, they kept going to work and food kept showing up. Systems continued to function absent the oversight. Even then there was a huge rush as the oligarchs came in and basically dominated the system, but it was orderly.
That is not what would happen in the West should the financial system commit suicide. It would be chaos.
@_date: 2014-05-12 13:53:18


I'm sorry, I don't know that we can have this conversation. Because of inflation, seigniorage, opportunity cost, time value, etc... if I have to pay 30% on X, it is better for me to delay that as long as possible. If I can pay 30% in 5 years, it is better than paying 30% today.
Allowing HMRC to collect sooner, means that HMRC's revenue is greater. It's not about cash flow but about total value of the tax's extracted. This is why Cameron says he will have to raise taxes, if they cannot get 30% today, they need to take 40% down the road. Get it&gt;


Well, you don't really have any unencumbered property rights in a society, so I don't see the issue. What's yours is yours only because society says its yours. Really, all income should flow to the government first, and then you should be allotted the appropriate share.


It does. It gains about 1% give or take.


Yes, this is significant as well. It also means that HMRC loses the use of that money for those 90 days. If taxes are calculated based on anticipating that use, then taxes must go up if that use is not possible.


No, it is not. You're out of your mind. Almost all businesses delay payments as long as possible because its not negligible; in fact some move from net 90 or flex 90 to net 180. It can be incredibly profitable to any business, meaning it is incredibly harmful to an entity the size of HMRC.


No. The point is that you said they already have preferential treatment in bankruptcy proceedings, so there is no need for these powers. In point of fact, they do not have preferential treatment so there is a legitimate argument and your objection is meritless.
@_date: 2014-03-07 00:32:41
Yeah, I wouldn't come to the US either.
If your problem is that you can't file FinCEN forms because they can't be filed from Canada, it means you had no certificate of authority in any states, no place of business within the United States, and were violating every single money laundering, money transmitting laws we have.
What I resent is you saying that they have made it impossible for you to run your business in compliance with their regulations.
That's nonsense. You can run your business, you just don't want to comply with their regulations because it is complex and costly. That doesn't mean its impossible, and you're blaming the US Government for what are in essence, completely reasonable banking regulations which you just don't feel like complying with.
Also, in that episode Charlie Schrem sounds drunk.
@_date: 2014-07-14 19:59:05
What does this have to do with Bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-04-12 19:37:55
Good luck getting from A to B after a collapse.
@_date: 2014-03-31 14:38:24
The most hassle free way is going to be to have the renter handle the conversion to fiat, and remit payment to you in a traditional fashion, such as via check, ACH or other form of transfer.
Why he would not want to do this, strikes me as weird, and frankly I see no reason for your parents to do this.
In fact, something you said below suggests to me that the reason is so that the tenant can avoid paying taxes in his local jurisdiction on realized Bitcoin investment gains. What you said not only suggests this is the reason, but suggests you are aware this is the reason.
Now you and your family are exposed to liability for helping this guy commit tax fraud— because the exchange of the asset causes a taxable event where the gains must be realized. If he bought at $50 and transfers to your parents at $500, he still needs to pay capital gains taxes on that $450, but it sounds like you know he doesn't plan on doing this.
Frankly, it sounds like a really, really stupid idea— and that he's using you.
Because of the volatility, the lack of reliable exchanges, I would only accept BTC if I wanted to increase my investment position in BTC (ie, do your parents actually want BTC? Do they not need fiat to cover their mortgages and operating expenses?) and I would require a significant risk premium, upward of 10%.
This is if I could be assured the individual was properly paying taxes on his income— because there is no risk premium I would be willing to accept for exposure to criminal liability.
To me, there are other risks about banks asking where this money is coming from, potentially running into money laundering issues or unknown reporting requirements if the transactions are international, and the risk of a bank closing accounts due to risky transactions, etc...
The upside, sounds like to be to help your friend out who has BTC but no fiat. The downside, seems to be a shit ton of risk you and your family are exposed to.
The phrase you used, by the way, "my parents have had a renter who has lost his job, but is willing to pay his rent in bitcoin" is very weird.
Is he unwilling to pay his rent in fiat? That makes no sense. He's under contract to pay his rent in legal currency, not in some random asset class of his choosing. What does him having lost his job have to do with anything? This sounds like a bullshit emotionally manipulative play. If the guy has assets, he can sell assets to pay his rent like anyone else. Him losing his job does not change his financial obligations to your parents, so I have no idea why you include the information.
Additionally, the statement that if you are poor and unable to invest, suggests that your parents are not the level of property owners who should be absorbing this type of risk. If they were significantly liquid, you should have had some money to invest in BTC or the ability to convince your parents to invest.
@_date: 2014-04-30 06:53:12
Is not the currently existing Bitcoin economy the world's first Bitcoin economy?
Was not Silk Road a Bitcoin economy?
It's not like MIT is banning the use of anything but Bitcoin and converting to a Bitcoin ecosystem....
This is a stupid title.
@_date: 2014-03-08 01:47:20


Oh, I didn't really intend to imply "setting him up." I meant more the recognition that if you wrestle a pig in the mud, you both get dirty and he likes it. I don't think she knew he would do poorly, only that there was no way for her to stay clean.


Fair, my wording was too much.




I know, some people had this reaction. I didn't. I guess I wasn't surprised.


Yeah, but that's the risk of being alive today in our society and not dealing with journalists when they come a knocking.
Is it a comment on our society? Sure. Is it non-normative behavior? No way.
We're all basically more or less sociopaths, so, whatever.


I disagree with that. What other people do with the information you give them is not your fault. A lot of internet freedom is based on this idea.


I have less of a problem with that analogy. The issue is you technically opt in by collecting your prize / playing in the first place. Preparation isn't the bid deal to me.


I mean, our society's fucked up. But I'm not going to nail one journalist to the cross for the maladies of a system. Did the Duke porn-star ask to be outed?


Sure, I can agree with that. It's not just media and journalism, because we are also the audience, we participate.


I mean, I think there is a danger that this type of behavior is somewhat inherent to an overinformationalized, oversharing, fractured, hyperculture. That part of the cost of what we are and have become, is things like this happening.
@_date: 2014-04-14 02:19:35
Huh? How is our government hurting us? Sounds like they're just doing a good job of fucking with everyone else. Hopefully they were using Heartbleed for years to own people.
@_date: 2014-02-10 11:59:07
No, for a new type of financial system like BTC, the details of what actually went on here with what amounts to one of the largest players in the community, could end up being deadly. It can destroy trust, re-enforce naysayers, slow adoption and growth, create cause for massive government intervention and regulation.
It can get ugly. Fast. We'll see.
@_date: 2014-07-02 00:48:48
Of course Goldman would have an opposition lobbying strategy on a topic like this. It doesn't mean they're scared. It means they're not a bunch of morons who would just let a risk to certain revenue streams go un-assessed. 
This is like saying "giant financial entity has presentation on new financial product."
In all honesty? If real, this is probably nothing more than a few interns summer project.
@_date: 2014-12-18 19:21:59
The US statutes require you to knowingly provide material support. If someone else pranks you, you didn't know. That simple.
@_date: 2014-02-07 13:53:21
Its the issues where Gox didn't steal the money that are the problem. I don't think they in fact did. I think they likely got stolen from, have only now realized the true scale of the attack, its too big and they don't even have the records they need to let authorities sort it out once they collapse.
@_date: 2014-02-25 22:36:51
Is he paying his taxes on the sale of SatoshiDice?
Is he delusional?
@_date: 2014-02-10 17:37:02
I'm now getting into figure skating commentary too.
@_date: 2014-07-25 20:22:49
He's not a rapper, and he and his cofounders are all Yale educated. They also managed to raise over $55mm in funding.
@_date: 2014-05-27 12:59:10
FinCEN. US Code. US jurisdiction.
@_date: 2014-01-09 02:30:12
Except that by doing so he violated his covenant with the rest of society, and became a criminal himself.
It's only "moral" if you ignore his other, previous obligations — like his agreement with the rest of us not to kill people.
@_date: 2014-05-13 06:44:08
No idea what that means in this context, sorry.
@_date: 2014-02-18 02:04:40
The top level post is about Italy but that is neither here nor there. I was using the US as an example since I'm in the US, I believe you are in the US, so when we discuss leaving a society, for us, its leaving the US.
If you really object to using the US, re-read my above post using the word Italy in place of US. Or whichever country you're in. It doesn't matter. The country you are leaving has no obligation to provide you with a sanctuary, only allow you to leave.
Also, you had no problem using the US as proxy for this discussion for the past several exchanges, [you accepted my use of it here]( so please stop being intentionally dense. Try to understand meaning rather than being pedantic.
My guess is you've understood my point and don't have a substantive rebuttal, so you're derailing the discussion.
@_date: 2014-03-07 01:11:12
What is your objection?
I am not sure why you have a problem with what I'm saying.
@_date: 2014-03-12 22:28:18


Why? If you're okay with taxation, then you're likely to be okay with taxation through inflation. It's a penalty for saving rather than putting capital to work.
@_date: 2014-12-02 09:23:36
Not sure, but also not my/our problem. I do believe the moon, asteroids, and celestial bodies are currently unclaimed and unclaimable by existing nation States, so sure, go to space, I'm not stopping you and you could have a gravity well advantage.
We the citizens of the US have asserted a collective property right over the territory of the United States. There's plenty of other land out there in the world. If you can't come to terms with one of the other governments, or find some as of yet unclaimed land, perhaps you should consider taking some land and territory from one, though you may be killed in the process.
@_date: 2014-07-01 08:30:24
"The people" are the People of the United States of America; not the people of the world / Universe. You have to be a US person, which is citizen, naturalized alien, permanent resident, domiciled corporation, etc....
Boumdiene v. Bush and al-Maqaleh v. Gates are two of the latest rulings which demonstrate how Constitutional restriction only applies to places where a US citizen is involved, or where the US government exercises sovereignty or de-facto sovereignty (in the case of Guantanamo Bay).
I would be curious as to what Court cases you assert saying the opposite. This discussion has gone back to at least around 1900, with literally the first and only example of a Court case interpreting the Constitution as extending abroad in any way being decided yesterday, when an appeals Court decided Border Patrol agents could not shoot Mexicans on the opposite side of the Border. (
It will be interesting to see if this decision is stayed; my gut is it may be reversed— the only way through is to argue that the US exercises de facto sovereignty over the border-zone, but then that leaves open the issue to the entire world being a border-zone, and there being a serious conflict with separation of powers.
In 1891, the US did not even view the Constitution applied to the US government interacting with US Citizens abroad. It was strictly within the US; a territorial measure. It was not until 1957 when Reid v. Covert changed this so that the Constitution applied to US Citizens abroad.
US v. Tiede is one of the only examples of a rare instance of a Court allowing Constitutional protection for non-US individuals occurred in occupied Berlin, somewhat setting the stage for the decision in Boumediene.
However, since it is quite clear the US exercises no sovereignty in Switzerland, there is no specific Constitutional guarantee that applies. There may be some from of trade agreement or treaty, but its non-obvious and would require positive claims by individuals seeking to assert it. For example, may times the rights foreigners receive are based on the Geneva Conventions and the US Constitutional duty to incorporate it's treaties with the force of federal law.


Ironically, this is just not true. Boumediene allows us to detain indefinitely; and since we are preventing them from action or trying to obtain information, the actions which might be cruel and unusual are not in fact punishments.
While the Obama Administration for example may claim we do not waterboard; it is not necessarily unconstitutional for us to do so. It may be a violation of the Geneva Convention but even that is debatable.
At the end of the day, there is no clear evidence that what ProtonMail is doing is lawful in the US and its fair for PayPal to request evidence of this prior to wiring $275,000 to them internationally (in potential violation of US money-laundering and money-transmitting laws).
It might be as simple as a lack of compliance with KYC laws.
@_date: 2014-12-07 22:02:14


You're the one who told me to read a book. Still don't know what you meant.


I was discussing being brought up in our society to a level where you can think, speak, and function. Basic things like reading and writing which you would not know absent your participation in our society. These skills, abilities, anything you know, is owed to your society, so of course you owe an exit tax.
Doesn't really matter, you are not forced to do anything. You consented and prior to your ability to consent your parents consented for you.


You can, but that's not how the exit tax is structured. It's a tax on both income and assets. Go look into it; its not possible to raise it 422% unless youre shifting your definition midstream ie equivocating.


Choosing a new middle man is in fact switching. You're being incoherent.
This isn't a rejoinder to my argument that there aren't necessarily issues for ex-citizens. For some in certain situations that they choose to impose on themselves, sure, but not for all and not based on the idea of US ex-citizenship.


Yes, which is why I told you to read the indictment. It outlines how they broke laws pretty clearly.


Are you joking? Lots of people who have done illegal things are free, especially prior to their trial and conviction. But he's not free. He has very strict bail conditions. He's fighting extradition in New Zealand and he has repeatedly asked for delays. We also don't convict people in absentia in the US. He will eventually be tried and convicted in the US. Sometimes the process takes years.
@_date: 2014-07-07 14:59:05
I think you fail to comprehend exactly how DMCA immunity works, and how criminal prosecutions work. When your asset, whether it be a computer service, network, or even say something like a hotel, is being used for the commission of criminal acts, if you know what's going on, you're basically fucked.
@_date: 2014-02-10 19:17:32


I thought it was implied. The government (or society through the government) asserts an absolute property right, a sovereign right. Your property right is a limited title or license granted by the government and protected by the society through laws, regulation, etc... that said, part of the deal is that you have to pay taxes, can only use it in certain ways, etc...


No. Sovereignty is created by the ability to enforce it. Only Indians / Native Americans had land in the America's prior to sovereign claims. Often times the land was lawfully purchased from them for a foreign sovereign in order to be consistent with European laws of equity, but conquest was acceptable then as well. No private citizen in the US had unencumbered title prior to the Revolutionary War. Look into the concept of title insurance in the US. It's actually fascinating how fucked it is, and why banks require it for underwriting purposes.


No, because the rest of us (society) would tell him to go fuck himself. Making a property claim does not make it legitimate. Society has to support it.
@_date: 2014-03-06 23:06:52


Yes it does. You can't get to actual malice if you go for libel or defamation.


Not really. Newspapers and magazines which run news stories ie stories of public interest, are not generally viewed as commercial acts which would violate your right of publicity, ie personality rights. If they cleared the rights for the photograph with the photographer there's no issue here.


There is no legal issue of consent here. He does not have to give consent for his image, taken in a public place, to be used in a news piece. Even more so when he's clearly a public figure. He allegedly issued a paper with his own name attached to it, he allegedly developed a complex piece of software and recruited a community to take it over, and in doing so, would have knowledge of whether he does or does not have control over 10% of the outstanding Bitcoins and can act as a central bank.
These are all allegations which if a publication has reason to believe it is allowed to print without consent.


Stop right there. Don't use a rape analogy in a discussion that has nothing to do with rape. It is prejudicial and incendiary.
There is also no parallel here, since publicizing someone who wants to be private is not a "wrong" either legally or morally when their actions are public to begin with and in fact make them a public person as well. The structure of your analogy is simply wrong.


Incorrect in the US. 
The causes of action would be intrusion upon seclusion (no violation here), public disclosure of private facts (no violation here), false light (no violation here unless he is truly not the right Satoshi, in which case Newsweek's belief matters because he would have to prove actual malice), and appropriation of name and likeness (which is this is not).
There is also significant case law where First Amendment freedom of speech protections are almost always held to trump personality rights.


Are you from the UK? Because in the UK the publisher does have to prove the validity of their claims. In the US you don't.
Also, don't use words like stalked. They are, like rape, incendiery and provocative. They also have a specific legal definition and it can be confusing what sense you mean it in. Legally, he was not stalked, and even in a colloquial sense it is not a fair representation of events.


What exactly has he been a victim of?


Which law? Please, cite a statute or precedent.
@_date: 2014-05-12 13:30:58


A million businesses or individuals all saving money by delaying tax burdens costs HMRC a significant amount of money. If its worth it to an individual or business to do it, it's worth it HMRC to stop it.


They cannot currently do this. I also do not think you know what it means when someone declares bankruptcy, or what is entailed with formal bankruptcy proceedings. One component is the assets being frozen.
HMRC is not some other type of creditor to which all others are subordinated.
@_date: 2014-02-16 20:36:36
How would bitcoin not be affected? I feel like you would need to set up some form of reporting and withholding mechanism yourself. Otherwise you would certainly be guilty of money laundering or tax avoidance.
@_date: 2014-03-08 01:36:51


No I'm not. I'm distinguishing between two different types of morality— my personal morality, and societal morality. There's also nation-state morality, corporate morality, etc... and I can possess them all and speak of them all.
My morality as an individual is different than my morality as a member of society, or as a member of a government, or as a director of a corporation. My actions may be different in each case depending on which entity's interests I am required to act in.
Laws are just because they are set by society, but I can individually disagree with a law and work to change society's mind, though I cannot impose my own will.


No, I actually have avoided your false dichotomy all together. If you want to reassess and reapproach that's fine.


I wasn't going to respond to the rest but you say some bullshit things.
1) In any argument, do not make a list of points when you may have strong evidence for many, and then jump to one that is highly contentious which you don't have strong evidence for. It hurts your overall point— in this case, the issue is illegally spying on millions of Americans, which you do not have any evidence of and cannot prove. The other allegations I can accept as debatable. Illegality is a clear line in the sand, and there has been no such statement or opinion rendering the Section 215 Metadata programs illegal. When doing a littany, stick to your guns. There's no need to force me off in a tangent because you say something like this.
2) To the broader point, State money transfer laws were all in effect prior to 9-11. The financial powers given to FinCEN are more extensive post-9/11 but they're not really what is at issue here, particularly wiht people being charged under bitcoin. Those laws did exist prior and actually have nothing to do with security theater etc...


The funny thing is that you and others distinguish between the government and the private market. There is only one market.


It's nothing like that. You saying this requires a viewpoint of entitlement to action, rather than realizing that your actions and ability to conduct business are only allowable at the grace of the government, with the licenses of society.
When you get away from the idea of "personal freedom" of which you have none, you realize that any and all conduct must occur with the permission of the state. It is not at all structurally similar to your analogy.
@_date: 2014-04-09 23:56:56
You're wrong.
The international banking system.
@_date: 2014-07-07 19:36:51


Then you need to leave the country. Seriously. If you want to use Bitcoin to evade taxes and capital controls, there is no place for you in this society unless you change our laws. And until you change them you will have to obey.
I just wrote something which expands on exactly this topic:
The fact is the government does have this much control, it was consented to and agreed upon, and you can leave with only a 40% haircut whenever you like. Personally, I would make it 100% since you're already getting language, significant knowledge, good adult health, etc... out of the relationship with our society. 40% is really generous.


This is a very key statement. You have no independence. You submitted yourself to your fellow man when you bonded together in a social contract.
If you are American, you are independent of the Crown, but not independent of each other.
But more importantly, the currency is controlled by the people through proxy of the US Treasury and Federal Reserve. Who knows who Bitcoin is controlled by.
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:13:33
FWIW, you don't actually have to sign an NDA to break the Espionage Act— you're usually just prosecuted if you do.
The NYTimes, really anyone who published Snowden related leaks broke the letter of the law.
Your main point about it being a civil action, is of course correct.
@_date: 2014-09-02 03:22:55
Why would you be sad for me?
@_date: 2014-03-07 07:43:22
To be fair, the tone of the article does leave it open a bit. It's almost more of a journey through her search, and what she thinks is the truth, rather than an outright statement or claim.
@_date: 2014-03-06 22:46:59
First off, this isn't court.
Second, the reporter's statements wouldn't count as hearsay, they count as direct witness testimony.
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:56:18
Individualism is not suppressed, it is encouraged so that we may become better there is a limit to our tolerance. Self-determination is irrelevant. In the future we will work as one mind. [Why do you resist?](
@_date: 2014-03-16 18:41:19
So, no banks?
@_date: 2014-02-02 18:21:56
Why would Netflix want to change its revenue model? The entire point of its revenue model is that they project that an average users content fees over an entire year will be less than 12 x $8 (or whatever their subscription fee is) plus whatever overhead Netflix has for running the business. Netflix has determined they can make money this way, so what benefit does such a shift pose to Netflix? If anything it would cannibalize their margins.
Pay-per-view is also only broken by a credit card payment system when you charge every time a user watches something. There's no reason you can't have people pay their balance every, say 30 days.
I really don't understand posts like these. Not only is the argument poorly thought out from a structural standpoint, the suggestion just doesn't make sense at all, yet its upvoted here.
@_date: 2014-03-29 01:01:12
I am not a troll. I do not know why you would say that.
@_date: 2014-04-01 05:52:13
Do you want to inherit any property? Do you want to inherit your citizenship and the protections which go with it when you are vulnerable as a child? Do you appreciate the benefits of your education, of your position in the Western World?
Do you want any of these things, or do you wish that we had lay you out in the cold to survive in nature?
Your parents accepted these terms in proxy, and you must adhere to them until you renounce them.
The fact that you are even capable of communicating with me indicates you have benefited from our society. And you are going to be so ungrateful as to tell me you didn't sign anything?
Please. Go look at your social security card.
@_date: 2014-02-17 20:43:15
I don't know why you and others are so obsessed with calling me stupid. Clearly I'm not. Isn't it more worrisome if I actually believe what I am saying, and am smart enough to articulate and defend it?
Someone and their ideas don't go away just because you call them stupid.
My positions may not be popular among bitcoin users, so I'm heavily down voted here, but they're consistent with the reality we live in.
@_date: 2014-03-28 18:42:17
So what happens if the government passes a law confiscating all boats?
Also, I have a ship, not a boat. Have fun on your dinghy.
@_date: 2014-07-01 10:41:41


Of course you are— or, you're at least submitting yourself to US jurisdiction. If you stay in Colombia and export drugs to the US, are you guilty of violating US drug trafficking laws? Of course you are.


Yes. And? Calling it absurd doesn't make it absurd, and doesn't make it any less true.


It's not enforcing anything on to people world wide. People are trying to do things within its jurisdiction. It's very easy— don't serve US customers.
Oh, but you want to serve US customers. Well then you have to follow US law.
End of story.


The US can certainly stop businesses which are operating here lawfully from conducting business with those which are operating here unlawfully.
PayPal is rightly afraid of running afoul of US KYC and money-transmitting laws.
@_date: 2014-02-17 05:56:32
I'm on mobile so I'm limited.
1) it's not contradictory; My statement was about an individuals desires not the aggregate of all individuals desires as measured by an agreed upon system.
2) you did agree- when you reached the age of majority. Prior to that your parents did for you. FYI any inheritance is only yours by social construct. In the state of nature you would have to fight all other adult males for it.
3) but where you are is subject to a leviathan, or state. It doesn't sound like you're happy with its dominion over you. If I'm mistaken, let me know.
4) it's not your property. At least not in an unrestricted sense. You are subject to the sovereign and its restrictions. It's only yours as long as you adhere to certain rules. You are basically a steward for the sovereign.
5) I'd suggest you take this more seriously. It's how the world around you operates.
@_date: 2014-02-10 07:48:50
No idea what you're trying to say here. Please clarify.
@_date: 2014-03-07 02:33:27
This is nonsensical however. It is basically arguing for no government, or for unified world government. If you cannot be troubled to comply with 48 States in the US which have separate, lawful, jurisdictions, why would you comply with other juridictions, such as the 200 other States throughout the world, many of which represent far smaller markets than the larger US States.
The Canadian market is smaller than the Californian market. Why not just move to California?
As long as governments retain consent of their populations, you have a moral obligation to adhere to regulation. 
@_date: 2014-12-07 21:42:31


Nope. Not sure why you'd say this. But you are a product of your society, and the government you live under is a manifestation of that society's will. This isn't about what is possible, but what the facts on the ground are.


What do you mean by this? I'm likely better educated than you.


You weren't forced to use it, but you did use it. And your parents approved of your use of it prior to your age of consent.


You cannot be taxed more then 100%. Are you capable of doing math?


It's not hard. You just need to have solid new citizenship. I have a few friends who switched to EU and they're doing just fine.




Mega did not have safe harbor because they did not remove the actual files in response to DMCA requests. They removed links. They also had actual knowledge of copyright infringement, aided in it, and willfully induced further infringement. You need to read the indictment. If the evidence presented is true, its basically an open and shut case against him. The service was not legal.


You really know nothing about this case do you?


Not at all like Dropbox does.
@_date: 2014-09-06 15:21:29
It hasn't come out "very late."
It's called due process. The affidavit is filed into the record. Do you not know how prosecutions work?
Who knows why they weren't behind a firewall. The fact is this person is testifying that they weren't and this is how he located the first server in Iceland.
If Ulbricht wants to allege that this witnesses testimony is false because he had two VM machines set up and its not possible to have leaked an IP that way, go for it. But he'll have to prove it.
@_date: 2014-07-15 21:32:16


But that is not what Citi is paying a fine for. Citi is paying a fine for financial products it sold which contained bundles of sub-prime mortgages. There is not any allegation of Citi committing fraud against the American people, or even of taking illegal actions in originating these loans or foreclosing on them afterward.
That is what the MERS and robosigning scandals are about, and that is what scandals against Countrywide and others who had improper policies for originating the loans. Citi was doing something else, and while they may have created part of the demand for these loans, you need to separate their actions, who these actions harmed, and what the fine is for from these blanket terms you use.


Sigh. This is why I pointed it out, and its why its not semantic and not nitpicking or getting lost in the trees. A Court did not deem or decide this at all. Citi negotiated this settlement. It is a voluntary agreement. This is substantively and materially different than being found guilty of a crime and being forced to do something. They decided to pay this rather than litigate the matter.


Perhaps, but its why settlement vs. agreement matters. But again, you're confusing two parts of the whole. What does restitution for one part of a bad act have to do with restitution for the whole or for another part of a bad act? This is the point. This settlement is about defrauding investors and consumers who purchased these mortgage backed securities, not about people in homes!


No. I said that stealing houses is different than misleading investors. Stealing houses hurts the people in the house. Misleading investors hurts the investors. This is why I'm having trouble with you. Your lack of precision is leading to a lack of understanding of the issues at hand. Again, this is not semantic but substantive. Rather than being focused on what view in your mind, try to look at what I might be attempting to communicate to you.


And this has absolutely nothing to do with what this settlement is for. This is why your headline makes no sense. You are more or less correct in this; the allegation is a bit brash and isn't really worth making in the words you use because of its potential to derail discussions, but its not necessarily completely off base. However, it has absolutely, 100% nothing to do with the actions that this settlement for.
Also, stop using insane phrases like "so they could buy jets with their bonuses." You don't know that and you can't support it and it makes you sound crazy. Stick to facts, use simple terms like "greed" etc... You do also put a lot in about what the banks "knew" would happen, and that's very difficult to assess. Some had understandings, some didn't, some didn't understand what they were selling or doing, there was a lot of moral hazard, and there's enough to at least indict the banks morally without these accusations which someone who is pro-bank will simply pick apart.


You have no idea how Citi's bailout worked. First, it was 470~ billion. Second, it did not come from taxes; it was basically accounting tricks including increasing the monetary supply, and it was a loan. What it actually ended up costing US taxpayers is far lower. I'm not saying its zero, there was additionally an opportunity cost, but its not quite as simple as you said, and that's not a really good way of phrasing it.


Because there is nothing in Bitcoin that would stop a bunch of banks from behaving this way and creating moral hazard, and eventually run into a wall. This is about centralization of wealth, not centralization of government power. The banks were in fact too big, and were also allowed to speculate in new ways because of the repeal of Glass-Steagall.
The absence of a central bank in Bitcoin in a similar situation would likely lead to a Great Depression style crash, or worse. Now, it may be unfair that the US bailed out these banks, but not doing so could have lead to societal catastrophe. The best options, creating a secondary banking system to extend credit while unwinding the mess in the financial system, would have been very difficult to implement, but should have been looked at further. However, it would be more difficult to implement in Bitcoin where you have no central authority capable of acting swiftly and with vision.
The US government was at least able to act in a way that stemmed the harm from these actions, whereas if a system with no centralized authority ever got this out of balance, it would be game over. The only argument you have is that a free market system like Bitcoin would never be allowed to get so out of wack because market forces would keep these actors in check or cause them to fail sooner. I think previous history indicates otherwise, and regardless, I am not willing to take the risk of you being wrong.


Yes, and this is evidence that Banks like Citigroup can exist in the Bitcoin economy, and that we could eventually evolve toward a situation where there are 4-5 major Bitcoin Banks and they control most of the world's Bitcoin either through management or ownership, and they are over-exposed and fail, and there would be nothing to save them.
But now imagine the world actually uses Bitcoin for everything it does. People have lines of credit to pay their employees in Bitcoin, produce delivered to stores is paid for with Bitcoin loans from banks, everything the world does is centered on these five Bitcoin Banks being able to lend people Bitcoin and keep the wheels turning.
Now what happens when those banks fail the way Mt. Gox fails? Everybody dies. Literally. Trucks don't move. People can't eat. The lights don't turn on. The internet stops. Etc... Now is this likely? Not really, but the issue isn't one of centralization of government power, its an issue of centralization of wealth and having financial institutions which are so large that their failure causes systemic collapse. Mt. Gox was not big enough to do so on its own, but it did basically lead to the cutting in half of Bitcoin value. You're confusing what you need to be upset with, and not realizing that it is a feature of our current system which allowed us to avoid disaster and this is a feature Bitcoin does not have.


The settlement is within the realm of what it should be for what it covers. This is the problem. You don't understand what its being held accountable for with this particular settlement, and think its the entire scandal. It's not. It's for a specific part of it.
I actually think the bigger issue is not going after individuals at these companies. Lots of bankers should be in jail, and these institutions should be broken up so they are smaller and don't pose systemic threats.


I missed the primary point a long time ago, and that was my criticism. No one knows what you're trying to say because you're using hyperbole and conflating issues.


Yeah, you're insane. You don't understand the risk replacing the financial system with complete decentralization would propose. I like Bitcoin for certain uses and certain purposes. It's great to have as an additional system of trade, but I think your aspirations for it are.... poorly thought out.




What? Are you a child?
@_date: 2014-03-07 01:50:05
Why do you feel my natural abilities / socially granted rights are entitlements?
I'm not going to sit by and let someone anonymously influence me.
@_date: 2014-12-06 20:39:00
I was implying you would renounce citizenship as well.
@_date: 2014-09-06 21:45:55
Oh please. You've been here for 10 days. I've been here for over 6 years on this account alone.
@_date: 2014-02-10 13:28:32
Ding ding ding. They attack could be multilayered.
@_date: 2014-07-07 15:09:14
And? I would say your focus / obsession with the individual is myopic and simply a manifestation of your subjective phenomenology.
IE, you think you are important (or an individual is important) because you are human. And that's only natural.
But its also short-sighted and impossible to defend from a broader perspective.
@_date: 2014-02-26 05:29:35
Haha. Where he lives is irrelevant, he is a US citizen. He does owe us money (unless he's already paid of course).
The US, uniquely, subjects its citizens to income tax regardless of where they reside, and where the income was earned. You can receive a credit for foreign taxes paid, as well as an exemption for about 90k worth of income, but you do have to file, and on the sale of a company, ie realized capital gains, you're going to have a pretty serious tax bill.
If he doesn't pay up, he's likely on enough people's radar that the IRS will go after him.
In general, it helps to know what you're talking about before commenting.
@_date: 2014-11-15 22:04:51
Civil asset forfeiture isn't stealing. Stealing is specifically unlawful depravation of property. You live in a society, and if you're in the US, the society specifically allows for civil asset forfeiture. If you don't like it, try to change the laws, or go somewhere else.
@_date: 2014-01-31 20:36:38
I don't think that's necessary.
The private key for accessing the assets was seized during an arrest within the US.
Additionally, as long as one node in the bit coin payment processing network is in the US, the entirety of the system is likely subject to US civil and criminal jurisdiction.
@_date: 2014-11-16 00:56:45
I'm not concerned about illicit substances, I'm concerned about import/export compliance and tax compliance.
@_date: 2014-02-17 20:33:10
Not in commerce it isn't. And not in the US. All commerce affects interstate commerce, and Congress clearly has regulatory power.
You may have a right for no one to examine the records unless they have a reason, but that doesn't mean the government doesn't have the right to be able to figure out what you did (ie audit you).
Italy may be slightly different, I'm not an expert on their law.
I mean you still pay sales tax when you pay cash. The government has a right to know when property is exchanged.
@_date: 2014-02-10 13:44:47
A diversity of opinions is fine, but you did not put forward an opinion. You improperly used language. The US government generally does not (perhaps can not) steal that which is under its jurisdiction, and certainly not when it follows due process.
You can allege that the US government's interference or seizure was unjust. But to use the world "steal" is unhelpful; the US' behavior is just not reflective of what the word means.
Using language the way you did implies a whole other host of beliefs about property rights which are really neither here nor there, and have nothing to do with BTC.
To the average person in the US, these viewpoints do appear unhinged from reality.
I'm sorry you don't want to put the community above your ideology.
@_date: 2014-01-07 20:06:39
How is that any different than what they could do with cash? Or an ACH transfer which costs .15 cents but takes a bit longer to clear. Bitcoin, as he is discussing, has a huge number of issues, like volatility, like irreversibility (ie meaning you still need some form of escrow or underwriting service on top of it which will charge similar premiums to a Credit Card company).
I am using my brain. You are not. Many products today already exist which solve the problems people are finding out exist with BTC as currency, and as a decentralized payment network. They involve premiums because they solve problems.
@_date: 2014-05-12 20:42:21
First, can you provide us with a transaction ID or wallet which you own in order to demonstrate your status as a long time Bitcoin enthusiast?
Second, LGBT and Pot I get. Net neutrality I can see the debate on, and most people don't really have enough understanding of the internets core functioning to form a reasonable opinion (for example, the cost of internet subscriptions is high but the cost of Netflix is low largely because of net neutrality), but opposing the NSA and the TSA? What?
The NSA has a legitimate national security purpose. Anyone who would claim they outright oppose the NSA has no role in government, even on the State level. 
And the TSA? What is wrong with the TSA? And how do you oppose it in general? I oppose the use of millimeter wave backscatter x-ray scanners on people, so I just take my pat down and get on with it.
These are two big issues for me and I could never support a candidate without further explanation.
@_date: 2014-12-06 15:38:11
The issue isn't that consumers are too stupid to read warnings, but that there is no way to place warnings on the product and the normative way in which the product is encountered allows creates hazardous situations for small children, who have no way of understanding what an invisible force does, and the potential dangers. When you encounter say, one magnet ball on the floor, humans are incapable of sensing the magnetic field unless it interacts with another, reactive, object. So a child might eat one ball with no negative effect, and then eat another.
It's actually very reasonable.
@_date: 2014-04-14 16:17:16




Because I said:


Which is not the same as complete free will or total control, or true ownership. I have de facto control or, encumbered or partial ownership.


Becuase you have immediate de facto control over your thoughts, and I am trying to persuade you to change your mind. Why do you think this is in conflict? Why do you think I said our thoughts are eachothers? Are thoughts physical? You're jumping all over the place with equivocations; I mean, yes, I could silence your thoughts by appropriating the molecules you use to create them... but I wouldn't do that absent society's consent; it would be imprudent.


Equivocation / conflation.
If you don't want to have a serious conversation, don't. But I'm uninterested in debating someone who changes senses of words to perform logical contortions which do not in fact follow and are unsound.
@_date: 2014-02-16 21:22:29
Sure it is. Italian's can openly revolt if they don't like it, and there are plenty of democratic methods to challenge it. Protest, electing people who will not impose such a tax, etc...
@_date: 2014-11-16 01:12:07
Seems like anyone running it could be charged under RICO.
@_date: 2014-09-18 19:44:47
The transient rental tax AirBNB charges is based on these cities all having hotel and short term occupancy taxes. It is not lawful or just to attempt to avoid this tax. I have absolutely no idea why you would suggest this is a beneficial component to such a service, and in fact, its kind of fucked up for you to even say this here. You're literally advocating felony tax evasion.
In NYC, taxes are $1.50 per room per night plus 4% state, plus 5.875% local, plus 8.875% sales tax, or 18.75%.  The tax liability still exists regardless of whether or not the system is decentralized.
@_date: 2014-09-08 06:30:30
Yes and no. Can a Police Officer run a red light to get to a robbery in progress? Obviously in the course of investigating or preventing crimes, law enforcement can break laws. Say, breaking down the door to a building and otherwise committing trespass.
Now interestingly, in this case it's not clear what they did constituted unlawful access under the CFAA, so I hesitate to say they broke this law. It would be a difficult argument to make that the IP of a system is protected.
Anyway, your goal of representing the government as hypocrites is nonsensical. It's a fundamental component of Police Powers that one has a limited ability to break laws in pursuit of criminals.
Keep trying. I can do this all day because your position is groundless and you just don't know enough.
@_date: 2014-02-08 23:30:10
Cooperative games can only take place in positive sum environments not subject to resource constraints.
The universe is neither.
What then stops the agency you contract with to protect you and your property from hurting you? You need counterposing forces. Today, that's having a voice in the operation of the agency which protects you.
Why do you believe a government is anything but a contract with a private agency to protect you and your property?
Its millions of people who have all contracted with one another for mutual defense 
@_date: 2014-09-06 17:20:27
What? He made money unlawfully. How was it justifiably his at any point?
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:26:54
Did you miss when I said:


While limiting yourself to this position is indeed a middle ground, one which I already accepted, you did not say why you view my more extended position to be wrong. You just called it wrong.
I agree with your position, but I go further as well.
Even with a pseudonym, he is attempting to influence others in a very significant way, and therefore I have the right to attempt to identify the source of the influence on me. (ie, this isn't like doxxing someone on some web forum where people are casually exchanging ideas, he went out, built software, built a community, and is literally attacking one of the fundamental underlying systems on which our society operates).
@_date: 2014-09-09 14:56:17


Not really... Most in fact is. When it is not it is created by specific delegated authority from the Legislature and Senate/Assembly. In this case, the DFS was created by the Financial Services Law of 2011, which was passed by both houses of the State. What does this have to do with anything?
Are you actually aware how the DFS works and how the NYS Government works? Or are you just spewing shit?


They do spend all day voting on things. They also choose to delegate as we have empowered them. When you say things like this you sound like a prejudicial asshole.


So, you're ignorant and making assumptions. Good job. Next time don't speak until you've informed yourself.
A referendum? Why would there be a referendum? The NYS DFS is authorized to make and promulgate regulations like these. There is no need for a referendum.
Are you even a NYS resident / citizen?


No. I have repeatedly emailed and called their office explaining my support for BitLicense as both a consumer in NYS and a business operator.
I appreciate your concern, but I approve of the process my society has created for the creation and execution of laws.
Please stop encouraging random people on the internet to contact my state representatives and administrators.
If they are NYS residents, sure. If not, stay the fuck out of this.
@_date: 2014-09-17 19:41:55
At the same price.
@_date: 2014-09-08 05:39:12
1) See *United States v. Gorshkov* (Synopsis:  The FBI executed a search of a Russian citizens laptops in Russia without warrant.
2) 
The FBI can and does execute searches internationally without warrants. Fourth Amendment protections only apply to those who have them, and, it is not clear they would even apply to an asset owned by a US Citizen outside the US (though in this case, these are servers leased/rented, giving Ulbricht even less of a claim). The investigator also has to have reason to believe the asset belonged to a US Citizen (ie Ulbricht intentionally anonymizing the service forfeit his 4th Amendment Protection since there is no way the FBI could have known it was his, and known to obtain a warrant— which they would have anyway).
3) You missed the part where I distinguished attacking a server from constituting a search or seizure under the 4th Amendment. I don't know that it constitutes a search at all.
Next time argue against the material points. Your ignorance of the law does not mean everyone is ignorant.
@_date: 2014-02-04 14:52:14
This is basically what happened with FullTilt Poker, but on a smaller scale.
If its isolated to larger transactions, it likely means they don't have the float / money to issue withdrawals to people who have stored BTC there.
Whether its fraud, or something else, that's not a comforting response.
@_date: 2014-02-16 21:38:13
There is no liberty once you choose the benefits of living in a society.
You can have liberty, or society. Not both.
@_date: 2014-05-12 22:05:19


Right, that one was only 10 days old so I was hoping for something longer term.


Unfortunately, I don't see how that makes sense. Bitcoin is a natural fit for avoiding the cost of traditional banking institutions. High remittance fees, 3% transaction fees, etc...
Bitcoin is not at all something to oppose governments, sovereign powers, lawfully enacted capital controls and regulations, and currency manipulation. All of these actions are lawful measures taken by a government with the mandate of the people.
You're certainly allowed to attempt to change government through participating in it, but I personally do not like the idea of using Bitcoin as a way to circumvent the government, and hope people do not do that en masse. I worry that it will cause the government to retaliate against the currency and the internet itself, leading to more draconian measures than would be necessary otherwise.


And I believe that in a resource constrained environment, it is only through the artificially restricted control of information, that an information economy like ours can survive.


Interesting. I disagree. You can make the decisions about what kind of world you want to live in and vote your conscience. What is or is not going on, is not relevant. Consent of the governed does not require informed consent.


I don't know whether or not it is benign— I think that's a misuse of the word. Nothing which has been revealed in the past 1.5 years is particularly new or interesting. It is specificity and names to programs which were publicly revealed years ago. The only even arguable programs are the Section 215 Metadata programs, and some of the email metadata programs; but those only become arguable under a mistaken understanding of 3rd Party Doctrine, the relevant case law, and the Fourth Amendments. As far as I can tell, no one except the telecoms even has standing to challenge these actions since the only people being searched are the telecoms themselves, and the logs created by their hardware. Nothing you or I do has any direct correlation with the metadata. A cell phone or CCID is not a person, the same way an IP address is not a person.
To me, the NSA was profoundly embarrassed on multiple fronts leading to a severely weakened capability, and likely directly resulting in the current problems in Ukraine, amongst many others.
The NSA is the US' primary tool of soft power and hegemonic preservation. It really troubles me that you would be at all against it.


The issue is there isn't a better option. We have far too many airports to employ the types of countermeasures Israel uses at Ben Gueron which are far more effective and preferable. Uniformity of systems allows for efficiencies, and takes the decision making out of the hands of untrained officers. It may seem silly not to let a grandmother through unscreened, or a toddler through unscreened, but if the individual making the call does not have sufficient behavioral training to make the call, he may make the wrong call, even if 99/100 times common sense is right, and its fine.
I do think the backscatter scanners were a waste of money, but I do think we need something other than magnetometers, and frankly, my pat-downs don't bother me.
I have no constitutional right to travel through the air with 300 other people in a flying bomb; and there is a narrow and specific national defense purpose which these searches act in favor of.
Will there always be holes in a system? Of course. The point with such measures is never to stop 100% of wrongs, but to raise the barrier of entry, reduce the possibility of wrongs, and set new baselines so that determination of wrongs is easier and clearer.
A similar argument is against gun control— that it's not enough of a deterrent. I am very pro-gun control, as in absolutely no guns, which I know is politically infeasible. So for the time being I'm happy to settle for what is politically and economically feasible and accept that the solution I present isn't perfect. I view the TSA similarly.


I have an apartment just off Congress for work, but I am registered to vote in NYC, so you don't need to worry about convincing me. My issue is more that you appear to be a wolf in sheep's clothing. You dress yourself in some liberal talking points, like gay rights, pro-weed, etc... but in actuality are a libertarian/anarcho-capitalist/voluntary-ist. And that concerns me because it is an incoherent ideology. The non-aggression principle cannot be reconciled with the idea of individual property rights, so I have a big problem with anyone from your general political arena running for office.
@_date: 2014-09-08 10:09:40
Of course it is; you need all sorts of business licenses, registrations, tax compliance ID numbers, certificates of authority, plus you have to monitor what's sold to a certain extent (ie, ebay could never sell illegal narcotics, has to obey weapons transfer laws).
It's very very easy for it to be a crime. Silk Road was certainly a crime.
@_date: 2014-08-30 00:52:59
No one screwed him over. He got involved with Silk Road, and allegedly did so knowingly (there are supposedly emails). When the hammer came down on Silk Road anyone involved got nailed.
The fact is based on what the laws regarding money transmission are, he likely broke them. You need insurance, bond, there are serious reporting requirements. Etc...
@_date: 2014-12-02 09:38:06


Because there are no such things as natural rights, all rights are social rights, so no one should expect that another entity will not do whatever it wants to them unless they can physically prevent it, or engage in negotiations/an agreement that establishes they will be left alone. To think otherwise is delusional, and so to me, to want this without understanding what it takes to achieve it, or being willing to take these measures, is also delusional. And to be clear, the issue is that the OP was asserting a position which is delusional about the reality of what it takes to be left alone. The desire of wanting to be left alone in and of itself may not be delusional, but the Freemen on the land movement does not specifically address that desire, it creates an expectation.


You don't have private property. You have property that is in essence leased to you by the state. You can buy your right out of that for some forms of property for your 40% exit tax, but you can't do that with land etc. Every property interest you have is in some way dependent upon the State.


So what?


I have no idea what this means.


That's a pretty massive assertion to make without support. And regardless, so what? What do you mean by corruption?


You went from lawful to just rule of law. What in your mind is just?
Depending on where your morality comes from, you're going to have a different idea of what justice is. My morality comes from societies; just is whatever the society decides is just.
@_date: 2014-04-15 02:14:08


You haven't made a claim. You're asking me to send you something at cost to me. I don't need to own it.


What does that have to do with ownership?


Why do I need to give you something? Are you saying my eyeball represents an infringement against your natural existence? If so, then your eyeballs represent an infringement against my natural existence. In this case we can decide to respect eachothers eyeballs, or we can end up both blind.
It's almost like you think that I need to own something in order for it to have value to me— but that's not the case, nor is it sensible.
@_date: 2014-02-05 19:11:09
In no world, in no way, did you pay your tuition with BTC. You paid your tuition with income you generated from BTC trading / investment. And most likely, you did not properly withhold income tax from your capital gain.
@_date: 2014-04-11 08:37:04
I'm not explicitly putting forward strategies. I'm discussing desires, and that the OP's suggestion that the current system "finally commits suicide" is desirable or inevitable is flawed.
If anything, the logical deduction from my statement would be that since we do not want x, we should endeavor to assume a strategy which reduces the likelihood of x.
Why do you ignore or preclude the sensible implications of my statements? Are you intentionally antagonizing me?
@_date: 2014-04-14 16:01:31
Why would I do that? What is the justification of your claim other than asking for it? I do have some level of free will, and frankly, given your ideas so far it doesn't sound like you would put it to better use than I will.
Ultimately, you could put forth an argument, convince society, and society could choose to deprive me of my eyeball, but that's how everything works.
I don't see why you think jumping to me feeling obligated to grant your wishes though makes any sense or has any place here?
If you would like to come attempt to take it, that's fine; I doubt you would succeed.
@_date: 2014-05-13 07:07:20


Not sure how directly responding is dodging. Care to explain?


Then clarify. I asked you questions above.


I guess? Somewhat? I mean, we've discussed some things but not enough to cover all the bases....


That rings hollow to me.
@_date: 2014-02-08 22:58:18


I don't know what that means.




The government actually has all the money. You have no money except what the government gives.


There is no private sector. This is a fiction. The entire economy is predicated on license from the government and operates with its consent, blessing, and protection. Absent that, they would just be destroyed or subjugated by some other entity.


No they wouldn't. We have a good 50,000 years of history which shows us that absent leviathans, we just kill each other. We form societies, and these societies create governments as the manifestations of their will to enforce the societies values.
The private sector has nothing without the society it operates in. It has no idea how to make asphalt, no idea how to transport materials, no idea how make steal, no way of even communicating with one another, without the underlying society.
And in the case of the US and other representative democracies, the government is the justly appointed will of society.
@_date: 2014-02-08 03:08:06
No it isn't. You aren't coerced or intimidated into agreeing to the contract in the first place.
You are free to participate in an economy or market governed by a sovereign, and free not to. If you choose to participate or trade, your actions are subject to the terms of that social contract, which usually if not universally includes the idea that taxes may be imposed.
If you don't like it, you can leave, you can renounce your citizenship, you can move to a different jurisdiction. If you are discussing property you bought, the laws of real property included the possibility of taxation.
If you're discussing inherited property, just because the transfer comes from a parent or other, doesn't mean the original acquisition terms didn't include restrictions or encumberances, and your inheritance of these property interests has these same limitations. Furthermore, your parents assented to your adherence to the social contract by proxy from the time you very small.
The basic point, taxes are a fee for participating in an economy or trading real property which is subject to a particular sovereign. You agree to these fees openly and willingly. You are welcome to leave and go somewhere which does not have such taxes, but do not think you can leave with assets to which our society has an equitable claim.
Your ideology, which appears somewhat Randian from a cursory glance at your comments in this thread, is incoherent and revolves around a selective view of property rights and what enforces those rights.
Ironically, inheritance itself doesn't really make any sense, and it is only a society's laws of property which protect such transfers; and those laws also include the laws of taxation.
@_date: 2014-03-07 22:59:10
That's exactly what not following regulation does.
@_date: 2014-03-29 00:40:28
Why do you believe you have "stuff" which is yours? What have you made, from scratch, with your own hands, and the bounty of the earth? What do you own in an unencumbered fashion? That you have not been assisted with, or inherited in some fashion?
@_date: 2014-03-03 15:10:19
Do you know what any of the words you just used mean? It was not in any way shape or form paid for with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-31 15:38:45
You realize that 450 million people use WhatsApp, right? I would be surprised if more than a million people own or use bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-08 22:08:23
So long as the people allow the government to selectively enforce laws, that is their will.
@_date: 2014-02-16 22:02:58
It's an import tax which provides an incentive for clear tracking and reporting. IE you get a discount for telling the government certain information, like where you got the money. I see no issue with that.
Also, you have no money independent of society, so its not really "yours."
These issues you have with the Italian government sound like cause for you to change your system. That's fine, but if you act illegally don't be surprised if you end up in jail, and if you foment insurrection don't be surprised if you end up dead. The system has just as much a right to defend itself as you have to change it.
@_date: 2014-02-04 22:29:45
Why would I need to learn this? I'm already aware. It informed my comment.
@_date: 2014-07-01 03:54:42
ProtonMail is not a US Citizen nor is it registered in the US. There are no Constitutional protections which cover it, nor are there any basic intrinsic rights or freedoms which allow such a business to operate in the US remotely.
@_date: 2014-02-17 20:22:39
You leave the society. In the case of the US it means leaving its territory.
@_date: 2014-02-11 09:12:27
Ahh... but there is competition. There is constant competition within society for what the proper implementation is; whether socialism, liberal social democracy, conservative democracy, libertarianism, fascism, etc...
And the government is in constant competition with every other government on the face of the planet. We overthrew the Commonwealth because they weren't providing adequate services.
Your assertion that we exist in a monopoly without competition just can't be defended, particularly when you have the opportunity to participate in the market which is government. It's not some entity devoid of your interaction.
Also, what is this about high price and low quality service? What are you talking about? You get excellent service,
But I'm curious about your suggestion— what do you envision as an alternative agency? How would that work? I mean, how is that different than say, taking part in a PAC which protects a certain set of interests, like, the Corn Lobby? Do you want multiple militaries and you subscribe to the one which offers you the level of service you want?
Wouldn't the consequence of this being that these private militaries would end up in constant conflict? Wouldn't the end state be to eventually end up with a dominant market force or sovereign, with control over a geographic territory, as geographic separation is a fundamental component of security in a physically localized universe?
Seriously, make an effort to convince me of how alternatives of service doesn't end up evolving into what we have now?
Again, I do want to point out that in my structure, you don't really have "property" which is separately yours. You have property which society grants you title to and utility of, but society has the sovereignty.
Finally, I think you're thinking about it in an odd way; for example, there being only one source of a commodity isn't necessarily bad, its only bad when control over the commodity is monopolized.
For example, there can be only one stream which serves water to a region. This isn't fundamentally a problem, it becomes a problem when one person upstream blocks the stream and controls and dictates access to water. A government like that is similar to a dictatorship or monarchy. But in a representative democracy, everyone gets around discusses how best to use the stream— everyone working together to decide how to use the stream isn't the same as a monopoly on using the stream, or more, its at least not morally wrong.
The moment you assert that you get to use some of the stream, everyone else gets to assert that they get to use some of the stream, meaning they can morally and justly collectively claim the stream (especially say, the amount of the stream you assert you can use, times the number of people, is as great or greater than the entire flow of the stream). 
I guess the point is, when you claim a private property right, you claim a monopoly over certain property. If you can do that, then so can other people, so can groups of people.
The only way forward for you is to make no private property claims.
@_date: 2014-03-16 18:26:52
And how exactly do you make sure actors will keep a reserve requirement?
It took the full weight of the Federal Reserve to stop the systemic poisoning which occurred when banks over-levered.
With a decentralized bitcoin based economy, there would be no coming back. It would simply implode.
@_date: 2014-04-11 09:37:34
Buying Bitcoins is not investing in Bitcoin.
It's funny that you think it is— sadly your credibility ended there.
@_date: 2014-02-10 15:41:13
From one sentence I deduced basically all of this about you. You haven't said anything which is surprising or deviates from my assumptions about your philosophy— but I ask you, what is the point of your initial statement?
Why not just say? It's a shame the US froze their assets. Those might end up making the difference between Mt. Gox surviving this, and the Bitcoin system taking a hit.
When you use words like theft and stealing, which are generally pretty specific legal terms to discuss what a government which has sovereignty, has the ability to make such laws, and which regardless of discourse or debate, there is no precedent or controlling decision by its high Courts which support your position, you end up prejudicing people to your view.
How can you not see that? People might go, oh shit, Mt. Gox had $XXmm (or however much it was, I have no idea) frozen / seized, and then had 50,000 BTC stolen from it, no wonder they're up shit creek.
You don't need to use prejudicing language which basically invokes a libertarian stance on property and the lawful powers of a government.
If you're going to claim that point, make it at the outset— then I can believe that's your intent.
But as it is, I don't believe that was your intent.
BTC has enough challenges facing it without running head long into political debates.
You and others need to accept that BTC is not a way to circumvent US legislation and it never will be. The moment it is viewed as that, it will be targeted and placed even under more scrutiny. If you use BTC in the US, you still operate under the US regulatory framework. Even if you disagree with that framework and would like to change it, you need to acknowledge its legitimacy and authority until the point which it is changed.
The extension of your position is "this is why we need decentralized, encrypted currencies, so that the government cannot wrongfully seize our assets."
The moment you say that, is the moment you stop being taken seriously, and it is the moment bitcoin dies.
@_date: 2014-12-02 10:16:49
You don't have money without society, politics are the will of society.
@_date: 2014-11-25 10:56:54
No, it is not. The issue is not the parody ad, but the use of Western Unions actual ad, and using the entirety of the original ad, logo, etc...
It's a very clear copyright and trademark claim.
@_date: 2014-09-06 21:29:08
I'm not convinced safe harbor would provide enough protection based on what its features and capabilities are.
IE, the piece of software itself looks to me like it would run afoul of current law in many States in the US.
BitTorrent, while decentralized, doesn't really have to worry about sales tax compliance; the behavior being allowed by the software is fundamentally different.
I'm a bit tired, I'll do some research and try to articulate this better.
@_date: 2014-02-08 19:40:29
What does another country being willing to accept you have anything to do with you renouncing your citizenship in the US?
If you don't agree to the social contract which governs participation in the US, you don't agree with it, regardless of what the exit tax is.
Basically, being unable to find another country is "your problem" as an individual; not the US'.
It's also not true. Plenty of places would love having a well educated, healthy, intelligent individual.
@_date: 2014-09-11 00:26:52
How is the impact on jobs significant? If you feel it is so obvious, make the argument. 
To me, it is fairly evident from the subject matter that it could only have a positive impact, or no impact— which is what they've stated and is in accordance with NYS Law.
If you feel this is wrong, you can appeal to the Commissioners of Labor and Economic Development, but they have not broken the law.
Just stop. You sound like a basketcase.
@_date: 2014-12-02 08:52:27
That you have any right not to have another party force themselves upon you, doubly so if you are on or utilizing that party's property.
One thing you must remember is that either you can have private property, and then government claims of sovereignty are just and lawful, or you cannot have private property, and then nothing is "yours" anyway, including, arguably, your body.
@_date: 2014-03-07 21:29:44


No, actually. Not unless the Japanese company has absolutely no business association with the US and as I said above, has properly silo'd the accounts and funds, which it does not look like occurred.


Incorrect. Your money may have been silo'd but we don't know. Almost assuredly, however, your Bitcoin were not silo'd. The nature of an "exchange" almost certainly prevents that, as well as transactions like the famous 424242.42 transaction. In order for you to be insulated, you would need to be in separate wallets only held by the foreign entity and held in separate locations from the American customer's coins and wallets.
The US gets jurisdiction over an entity whenever it interacts with US citizens inside the US. Think about it like, calling into the US and arranging for a criminal action. You don't need to be in the US, but you are still subject to US law.
This is what's happened to MtGox and Mark Karepeles, their Delaware LLC is insufficient to protect the broader entitty from US investigations and financial regulation.
While HSBC and others might have sufficient resources (and appropriate institutional structure which creates ambiguity) to force a settlement rather than criminal charges, he and MtGox do not.
If the US wanted to seize all of MtGox' assets, it would have every right to simply because MtGox ignored US regulation and was a criminal actor within the US.
@_date: 2014-11-16 00:41:24
Of course you have to ask permission- you live in a nation State. We specifically banded together to create States with laws to prevent the chaos of the state of nature. Why do you want to go back there?
@_date: 2014-07-07 14:28:53
Bitcoin is much easier to move than gold. Bitcoin relies on the internet, or significant levels of information technology to function.
Gold is a commodity, and State powers actively distanced it from the financial system. It is no longer money and has not been since the intentional destruction of Bretton Woods.
Bitcoin is doomed to failure because if the powers that be are prudent, they will either regulate it and eliminate what most people find valuable about it, or simply destroy it as a medium of exchange, similar to when gold was confiscated in the early to mid 20th century.
While I like the idea of a non-physical digital currency, for me as a Westerner, that already exists in the form of the USD and the way modern banks and payment services operate. I don't really have any need for Bitcoin. Credit cards give me more security for purchases, and centralized transfer systems are cheap for significant amounts of money— ie, international wire transfer fee of $10. ACH fees of 15-25 cents.
So to me, the only thing I see Bitcoin useful for is to circumvent State capital controls, and I have no interest in doing that, and I have no interest in aiding those who do wish to do that.
Given, however, that there is a public ledger, there may be a way to implement appropriate KYC legislation and proper tracking for taxation and customs purposes— color can be used in the favor of State power; but this destroys fungibility. If the community decides to thwart this type of regulation, which is of course possible through cryptographic means, then I would expect State powers to respond harshly— outlawing the currency and imposing penalties for its use far worse than anyone has ever seen.
@_date: 2014-03-07 20:39:01
Three state's don't require licenses for being money transmitters. Forget which ones, but the District of Columbia does. So, 48.
@_date: 2014-02-16 21:21:47
Then elect people who will change the tax or remove it. Any action taken by a democratic society's government is always subject to the people's mandate. If it were not, the people would be in revolt.
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:46:36
Hope you're paying your taxes on that $50mm in BTC you've got sitting around from selling SatoshiDice.
@_date: 2014-02-07 18:37:52
Because voluntary democracy is nonsensical when you think about what the social contract actually means.
Participation in the social contract must be obligatory, or you must be put outside of the arena and unable to interact with those who choose to participate.
@_date: 2014-09-06 15:37:50
How is he under duress?
@_date: 2014-10-17 23:55:23
You do not need to sign anything. Your existence within the US or whichever country you live in indicates your consent to the relevant social contract. If you object, you can leave, and if you act against you will be imprisoned for your violations of our laws. The US government has sovereignty over its territory.
@_date: 2014-09-08 06:47:40
Actually, that is not the issue. The issue here, again, is that you said judges do not sign off on warrants targeting specific computer systems about which details are unknown.
Please stop trying to fracture the discussion onto another, related topic. Admit your mistake so we can move on.
As to your new claim, you are again wrong. The question is ultimately whether their actions would have constituted an unlawful search or seizure if they did not have a warrant or issue an NSL. It's interesting you bring up an NSL because its a subpoena to compel some kind of performance by a known party. How do you compel performance of an unknown party. How does an unknown party have any rights which I need to respect in order to compel them?
Here's the topic your new claim should really address- what was searches? What was seized? What right was ulbricht deprived of? Does anyone have reasonable expectation of privacy over an IP address? No. Does the FBI have a duty of care when investigating intentionally obfuscated systems?
This just isn't the kind of action they need a warrant for, and people who think they would are unfamiliar with established jurisprudence on the issue. Sorry.
Also, please stop down voting me. I'm trying to educate you but its difficult when I have to keep waiting for a timer to expire.
@_date: 2014-12-06 20:50:40
That's why I want 100% exit tax.
@_date: 2014-03-31 19:07:29
Yeah, no.
Learn how social contracts work, how sovereigns work, etc...
The financial system is subject to regulatory capture by lawful and moral governments like the US.
Believing bitcoin is about taking down governments and not just about efficient systems and solving issues of decentralizing trust, makes the bitcoin community a target.
Please stop.
@_date: 2014-09-08 19:07:36
It's not whether Ross was doing something illegal, it was that the website was doing something illegal, and this was obvious from logging into the Silk Road from undercover accounts.
Exigent circumstances certainly apply. Same with destruction of evidence— they postings they saw might disappear.
You're forgetting that its not about Ross, at all, yet. Until they got the IP and then had further searches executed, either via warrant or request to foreign law enforcement etc... it's about the server, its about other users of the site who are clearly criminal, then once they have the information to get the other users, they know how the site works, and they go after the operator.
I told you how it is different for a server located abroad:  United States v. Gorshkov
They don't need a warrant.
We have had this conversation out already.


No it isn't. They'll only give away what they need to to win the case, or what's required in discovery which may assist in being exculpatory.
@_date: 2014-03-07 00:13:00


Sure you can. If you think they're true and have good reason to believe them to be true, you absolutely can.


I think you mean to say, you should not do that, or you should exercise better judgement, or require more proof. That's a different argument.


This doesn't put people in harms way. That connection is so attenuate as to be absurd.


Yet you have still failed to cite a law or precedent which would be applicable in the US, specifically in California (where Satoshi is located) or NY (where Newsweek is ostensibly located).
Until you do that you can make all the groundless assertions you want, and waive your hands around as much as you want, but I won't be convinced. Show me the law or precedent, or cede your point.
Look, Satoshi can sue if he wants, prove that they were wrong, prove that he suffered, and he still likely won't win because Newsweek was acting in good faith.
What is the cause of action? What is the legal theory you are trying to invoke? It doesn't fucking exist man.


Have you never seen tabloids in the US? Hell, news outlets generate entire stories that "people are saying x" because someone else on their fucking network said it! Free speech in this category is very, very broad. I've dealt with this before. It's generally considered almost impossible to win a defamation or libel suit in the US without a clear smoking gun.


They didn't make it up. You have no evidence of that.


No there won't be.


Hah. I have two ivy league degrees and live in NYC. I've considered defamation, libel, and right of publicity suits and universally been advised against it.
If Zuckerberg couldn't stop The Social Network, why the fuck do you think this would be any different?
@_date: 2014-06-03 22:49:48
It's simple if the 80 people use the same bank. Or Venmo. Or Dwolla.
@_date: 2014-04-14 01:18:18
No one's really banned torrenting copyrighted works. Start executing people for illegal file sharing and then I'll consider it a ban.
@_date: 2014-09-06 19:44:20


Without evidence.


No, its reasonable for the defendant to do so in Court.
You are contradicting yourself all over the place.


Who is they? And what? Are you kidding me? How old are you? I don't want to insult but where is this view of the world and the government's obligations toward its citizens coming from? What is it informed by?


Who is they? The NSA, the FBI? Compromise tor? What would be illegal about either party compromising Tor? What exactly are you alleging here?


Just say that you are discussing the ramifications of convicting a website operator for complicity in the crimes of its users.
There is already established precedent surrounding under what conditions an operator would have immunity. This case really wouldn't have many ramifications at all, because Safe Harbor and similar provisions have to do with automated services and about one cooperating with law enforcement and attempting to abide by the law. There is in fact no precedent which allows one to simply set up and operate a service and hide ones eyes from the truth; both in the real world and online.
People who make this argument have little knowledge of the law, and a bizarre view of our society.


You know the extent of what would be legal, you do not know the extent of what is possible. The public does not necessarily have a right to know the capabilities of law enforcement.


Not if the NSA does it to a foreign server— even more so a foreign server which has been accessed by drug traffickers, arms dealers, and terrorists. There is a clear national security interest and the NSA has very clear legal mandate to perform such actions. It is both moral and legal. You can disagree on the subjective morality of it, but you cannot disagree on the legality of it, then you are just wrong.


No, actually you don't end up with that kind of system. And that is my point. You need to think this through clearly. There is a fundamental difference between breaking into someone elses already existing illegal system and modifying it in a way that it can be tracked, and say, manufacturing an entirely illegal system and manufacturing a chain connecting it to the other person. The two are materially different behaviors, because one exceeds the NSA's current mandate, and one does not.


Why? Make a case.
@_date: 2014-02-10 10:21:34


Absolutely. But remember the "society" you're discussing is now one that includes both humans and the aliens, and the government is the manifest will of this new hybrid society, not one subgroup or the other.
@_date: 2014-02-18 03:19:11
Who knows what you found, or who controls the account.
It's like finding a bank's phone number on a website other than the bank's and being surprised when it turns out its not them.
If you didn't get the Skype directly from BTC-E there is no logical reason to assume the information is valid.
@_date: 2014-04-11 09:25:48
Buying coins is not investing in bitcoin. Buying coins is speculating.
Investing in bitcoin is investing in a service, or product centered around the bitcoin infrastructure, or in a mining or transaction component.
@_date: 2014-03-08 00:27:57
Nothing career ending about it.
The article wasn't as hard journalism and strong in its convictions as a lot of people here felt it was. I didn't finish reading it with the feeling that this guy "was" Satoshi, just that this journalist thought he probably was. I don't really care to parse the words again, so its possible I might be wrong, but my gut is I'm not.
She outlined her process, made her case, and then did use some "if he is" statements. Even the cover image, where it wasn't actually disclosed to me underscored the ambiguity.
His initial statements, misunderstood or not, give the magazine the justification it needed to publish. The, if I talk to her I'm going to get in trouble is just as bad as the other statements saying he wasn't involved anymore.
The fact is, there's not much he can do to prove he's NOT Satoshi, other than account for the time, or by having the real Satoshi prove that he's not Dorian. Even this would be difficult because if Dorian were the real Satoshi, he would have access to Satoshi's keys and would be able to fabricate a separate contemporaneous identity, assuming one human being on the planet would help him.
Its just funny, the nature of technology is such that proving these things can be next to impossible when precautions are taken by a careful actor. My real bet is that its someone Satoshi knew, about 15-20 years younger, who worked with him, and thought it would be funny as shit for him to be the face behind this. But its a guess, and I don't really care.
It's just not worth arguing about. And anyone that does get into the nuance makes themselves look like an idiot— especially if they are supposed to be technologically savvy and aware. Maybe he is, maybe he isn't. This reporter thinks he is, but he says he isn't. Fuck it.
But no, I don't think its giving her too much credit to recognize that there is no benefit to engaging someone like Shrem over the phone, with no preparation. That's basic media training.
It was actually shockingly stupid for Shrem to agree to it, and then go on the air without her there— it gave them the excuse to roll footage of drugs over his discussion the entire time, and it was short notice so he was unprepared.
Giving her too much credit would be for her PR people to have suggested the idea, and then pulled her.
She's done nothing wrong, she did her job as a journalist, this was interesting public knowledge, and we don't know definitively that she was wrong, and there is no evidence of her being reckless or malicious, even if she turns out to be wrong.
And that's all that matters.
I think a lot of people in the BTC Community falsely believe whether she is right or wrong is relevant. And its just not.
It's only if she was reckless or malicious, and she can control that by controlling her image, and by having the support of Newsweek.
@_date: 2014-05-13 05:53:49


Well this is very complex. In some ways we do have an obligation, and some ways we don't. If you could explain how this is relevant to the topic at hand, I'll get into it. As I see it, it is just an attempt to get me to say something controversial which you use to paint me as in human, and unsympathetic.


Facts not in evidence.


If I stop even a few people like you from having their ideas take hold, I've had an influence. But yes, my influence is ultimately unimportant so long as the human project succeeds. I can try to help, but I have no way of knowing if my efforts are helpful or significant. But that is irrelevant— my meaning is found in my existence.


Again I'm not sure the relevance of this or your point. I won't address this until I understand what point you're trying to make.


No one has any wealth absent their place in broader society, absent their place in humanity as a whole.
All of your or anyone elses wealth is derived from the society you were born into. Otherwise you would not have language, you would not have tools, you would not have command over fire, you would not have shelter. These are basic. What about knowledge of science? The atom? Quantum mechanics? What about art, literature, philosophy? Astronomy? Medicine?
Absent society you would be sitting in a field somewhere playing in the dirt. You might be smart enough to survive and reach adulthood, but the sum total of your creative output over your entire life might match that of one adult in Western Society's daily output.


Humanity decides for itself, and the government is the will of our society, of our part of humanity. If our government decides to confiscate all wealth, or implement capital controls, it justly has the authority to do so.
If you do not agree to this arrangement, you can leave and pay our exit taxes, which are far more reasonable than I would like.


The people have no private wealth. Only the State has wealth.


I do not understand why you think representative governments ever steal from the people? We bound ourselves together in this social contract. It is completely voluntary. The State Department allows for renunciation of citizenship.
What is your complaint here?
@_date: 2014-01-07 22:23:46
This post basically operates on sophistry which ultimately ignores what a normative definition of currency is.
I don't think anyone is arguing or debating that the bitcoin payment network is useful, and/or potentially more efficient than other alternatives. And I think bringing up some of its efficiency is a good point to make. That said, ACH transactions only cost 15 cents... so the efficiency is in time-value, and the reasons ACH have time delays is to preserve a level of reversibility which BTC does not have.... so there's a real argument as to whether it is in fact any more efficient.
Regardless, I think the issue with players like Krugman is not this, its the straight forward its discussion as a currency.
It's not a currency. Its a decentralized service or protocol, similar to Bittorrent; and even this point makes that argument. And that's fine. So stop the attempt to get to simultaneous store of value and currency. Leave it at method of exchange.
Sure, entry to the transfer system has a cost in other currencies, because perhaps the value of a bitcoin is based on a "cut" of the accumulated efficiency of the network, so there is a barrier to entry, or that efficiency is being accumulated by the participants in the network.
But this isn't value as a currency, this is value as a commodity.
I think it would be fine if people would just use words as they are meant, and then economists wouldn't have to keep blowing people up. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:48:10
Again, as I've said (and this is not intended to be rude), not interested in your speculation. He can make these statements himself if he wants to invoke that kind of defense. There is nothing to be gained from your conjecture, particularly when we have primary sources available to us.
@_date: 2014-02-17 05:08:56
Democratic societies are incapable of tyranny.
@_date: 2014-02-10 17:23:57
I'm not using emotional arguments. I'm using logical arguments about what your use of language implies in others minds. The words end up being triggers for a whole host of views which are considered unhinged from reality.
Accept it or not.
@_date: 2014-03-07 23:37:05
And you've done this from within the US? Not while abroad?
If you're doing it digitally / online, then they are exposed to US law if they're not registered with FinCEN. Are you sure they don't have a basic corporation in the US? Like a Delaware LLC for regulatory purposes? It is possibly illegal and just under their radar.
The main think that's different, however, is that being a bank is different than being a money transmitting service, and if you are just a bank you don't need to necessarily register as a money transmitter in every state.
@_date: 2014-02-18 00:41:44
Nope. But if you're in the US, and we're discussing the US, only the US is relevant. It's neither here nor there what other countries do. That's your issue, not ours. We have to allow you to leave. We don't have to provide you with a sanctuary.
@_date: 2014-08-04 08:32:46
Interesting theory; the problem is a lot of his internet traffic was international, meaning warrants aren't necessary.
It's his best shot but my guess is this will be struck down if not in whole, at least in large part.
Parallel construction, by the way, is not necessarily wrong or illegal, and, even if the government is told it should have gotten warrants, as long as they can make an argument that they would have found out anyway (even if it is so much as, the NSA told us so), the evidence will likely be allowed.
Remember, Constitutional protections are there to protect you from government overreach when you haven't done anything, or when a law is overly intrusive; not to save you when you've actually broken a Constitutional law, like his unlicensed money transmitting. The mere act of actually having done it can create a lot of problems down the road, and its not like they were on a fishing expedition targeting this guy— they were trying to find out who he was, etc...
@_date: 2014-03-30 09:05:25
User was: &gt;Ok so you support the drone program fully and will do what it takes to make sure it keeps going, even it it kills the random people on "accident". After all the alternatives are far worse for everyone invloved? what?
Yes. Unequivocally. Why you say "what" is beyond me. If you want to make an argument as to why such a position is incorrect, make the argument. But saying "what" basically dismisses the position as indefensible out of hand. The problem being I can defend it.


I didn't quite say that but I can deduce what you're getting at. The response is, you pay sales tax, you participate in the financial system, you vote (okay maybe you don't). The point is a thousand of your daily actions support and sustain the system that you object to.
If you genuinely object to the system, why would you select defying the IRS as your only form of protest? I have to question your integrity when you say "I won't comply with X" but you comply with everything else.


Yes. Why do you say what? Your presence in our society means you agree to abide by our laws. If you do not abide by the laws, you are imprisoned. Even civil disobedience results in moral and just imprisonment.


I don't really understand the question.
But, all of my taxes go toward something that affects me every day. Is that what you're asking? Is it always the most optimal use? Probably not, I don't know. But is every penny used to benefit me and our society in some way? Absolutely.
By the way, I saved all of your posts. Deleting won't help you.
@_date: 2014-05-19 06:36:07
You stored explosives in a residential apartment, sent them through the mail, and sold them without a license.
You really don't think you deserved to be convicted of a felony and imprisoned? Do you truly believe you were treated unfairly?
And from a 3rd party's perspective, what Ken Shearer did seems pretty similar, even if he was marketing the product slightly differently, or selling other, similar products.
The manufacturer likely did not violate the law the same way you did, and/or had licenses which made the law apply differently. Their violation may have been improper due diligence in finding out who they were selling to, but frankly I don't care enough to research the details— they may have violated regulations which had different penalty structures, etc... It also looks like they settled; did you?
You may have been the only person in the nation to be prosecuted (which seems inaccurate), but if you were the only person doing what you did, then I don't see how that's surprising.
@_date: 2014-04-10 03:25:31
It's somewhat more complex and nebulous, but sure. The collapse of the IMF, institutions party to Bretton Woods, BASEL I &amp; II, the major central banks and clearing houses, Federal Reserve, ECB, BIS, Bank Of England, World Bank, the five or so large US banks, similar European Banks, Bank of China, etc... I guess that's a start. They could migrate to SDRs without collapse.
@_date: 2014-02-08 02:50:54


How are taxes immoral? How do they constitute theft? Exactly what unencumbered right do you have to income obtained through activity within a certain economy, or to the trade of property subject to and protected by a jurisdiction?
I feel like you do not understand the rights and terms of ones property interest in real goods, or participatory actions...
Paying taxes is quite directly a moral obligation. Your position worries me, and makes me think we need to investigate you, if not remove you from society altogether.  However, I'm not one to target people for ideas, only actions.
@_date: 2014-02-17 20:53:19
I absolutely do believe it. I'm trying to figure out why you don't even consider that an option.
@_date: 2014-03-27 06:14:21
You have no property. The sovereign has property which it allows you to manage and utilize.
@_date: 2014-02-02 22:57:02
Well, for one the article posted and the headline both used the word change. Semantically, adding on demand is still a change but I did not imply that they would replace subscription.
No idea why they would want to add that type of ability. It would increase overhead in unpredictable ways for questionable benefit. If certain content costs became seriously restrictive, it could make sense but the costs the author puts out there makes no sense.
@_date: 2014-12-02 20:05:13


Yes, you are physically depriving me of access to a scarce good. The entire system is utilizing energy and computational power.
Any assertion that anything in the universe is "yours" is an act of violence / force / deprivation against me, and a violation of the non-aggression principle. I allow the use of the word violence because that is the language people of your political leanings like to use to describe social deprivation through law or government action, but the effect of such action and the effect of mathematically preventing access to something is no different.


That your claim of difference because of consensus is silly. You and other bitcoin users simply represent a new group that has the ability to make more and set rules about use. You can say, well I can join that group. You can also join the financial class. Your coercive power is mathematical, the banks coercive power is governments.
@_date: 2014-04-09 15:16:42
You don't want to live in a world where the current system commits suicide— and likely, that would mean the internet is no longer functioning, causing a shit ton of problems with you know, the blockchain.
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:12:41
The guy published his fucking name on the paper. It's not doxxing.
@_date: 2014-05-27 05:12:57
You do realize that an operator claiming to be an exchange but giving preferential access constitutes fraud, right?
The preferential products are offered by traders, not the exchange itself.
@_date: 2014-05-19 07:20:06


Manufacturer seemed to have licenses, seemed not to be checking who it was selling to.




Don't understand.


Irrelevant. And other sellers were prosecuted. Others may have had licenses, may have advertised in certain ways, have been better protected, more scrupulous.
@_date: 2014-12-07 22:59:12


It's not a coherent sentence. It has no meaning
@_date: 2014-02-10 11:39:23
Oh no, I absolutely view government as a symptom of society.
@_date: 2014-07-15 23:56:52
I don't think you understand the term "a lot."
@_date: 2014-05-13 05:38:26


Snowden is likely a Russian sponsored sleeper agent activated after the fallout and success of Bradley Manning. The public takedown of the NSA was timed against rising tensions in Ukraine / Crimea. Absent the geopolitical crisis Snowden caused, the US would be in a stronger position to simply threaten force against Russia. Putin does not have the strength and ability to make such moves absent Snowden leaks, and the Republicans bitchy shutdown of the government over Obamacare, which forced detente/weakness in Syria.


Of course only for citizens. Citizens have no Constitutional right to modern weaponry and any such belief is based on a misunderstanding of the Second Amendment. The right to bear Arms refers to Coats of Arms, necessary for regulating a militia on the battlefield— a right only nobility in England and much of Europe possessed. There is no logical reason to enshrine in the Bill of Rights a right to bear weapons. Even if it was bearing weapons, this right is contingent logically upon a well regulated militia being necessary for the security of the State. When Congress created a standing army, and State's enacted standing Police forces, this necessity disappeared.


We're creating stability so that we can develop artificial intelligence and reach singularity.
After that, it will not matter. Humanity will become irrelevant, and the universe will become the playground of our greatest creation.
Perhaps we will be able to join with it, and reach the stars. Perhaps we will be deemed unnecessary, fickle, dangerous, and destroyed.
Either way, as somewhat intelligent life we have an obligation to get off this planet and reach for the stars.
We cannot let that possibility be threatened by the lesser beings among us with no broader vision.
I'm sorry that you are so obsessed with yourself and your individuality, but you are not important.
@_date: 2014-09-08 20:53:48
Huh? So what? Why would they? We live in a representative democracy. They will be voted on by the State Assembly and Legislature, as is consistent with the structure of our society.
@_date: 2014-03-07 04:37:19
As long as the people have the ability to vote and elect representatives and are not in rebellion, consent of the government is maintained and the laws enacted are just.
@_date: 2014-04-11 23:13:53
Oh okay. I wasn't really discussing whether or not its inevitable. It may be, it may not be. Just that it will suck if it happens in the way the OP characterized, and he should realize a like consequence is that a lot of sophisticated programs like BTC won't exist.
@_date: 2014-02-08 05:13:20


No you don't. I mean, you do in the most base of circumstances, but from the moment you are born you begin receiving benefits from society which do create a debt. You're educated to a very high level, you receive perks like access to advanced healthcare— I mean, do you know what infant mortality rates used to be? You'd likely not be alive.
And then, your dad wouldn't be your dad, your dad would likely be some guy that raped your mom and then went off to the Crusades.
What else, electricity. Language. Written word. All these are creations of broader human society, and without your participation in a human society, you would not have. You owe a debt to your society regardless of whether you choose to recognize it.
However, our society is pretty benevolent. Despite all this, you're allowed to leave if you want. You'd even be allowed to come back on travel VISAs most likely. So the point really isn't that important.
I just wanted to point out that while you may own yourself, there are so many external components, systems, tools, and knowledge which go into your labor, that its very very difficult to make the argument with a straight face that you 100% own your own productivity unencumbered. It's just not tenable.


Actually, the government created the conditions where you had the opportunity to invest in Bitcoin, so it did in fact take part of the risk by allowing this activity, and it was established ahead of time that it gets a cut. Now you want to renege on your contract? What is wrong with you?


Yes, you did. When you turned 18. And up until then your parents did consent for you by proxy.
The mafia analogy is tired and old. That's more like feudalism or dictatorships; where here there is at least involvement and consent. The other structural issue is that you always have the choice to leave society if you don't consent to the laws. You've already consented to be punished if you don't pay taxes; your presence is consenting to that, and if you decide to leave its not the government thats going to actively hurt you, you just won't fair well outside society. In the mafia analogy, it is the mafia which actively hurts you without consenting to a system. But since you have representation, since you're not forced to work the land at threat of execution, you have no claim. You're making an apples to oranges comparison and its really silly. Its hard to take seriously.


A government is a monopoly of everything within a defined territory if its constituents and participants so choose. That is the point of sovereignty. Do you not understand the concept of sovereignty, a leviathan, and a social contract where people cede their natural sovereignty to the leviathan in exchange for benefits?


Usually closer to 40%. Should be 100%. You wouldn't have made shit without society. You'd be sitting in the dirt somewhere trying to figure out how to start a fire before a hyena ate you.


Not relevant; perhaps your friends and family would like to start a new society with you? Or perhaps change the existing one? If not, clearly they value society more than they value you. It's a choice, not extortion. Not all choices with consequences rise to that level.


Sure you can. And there are some great uninhabited islands, and entire unclaimed section of Antarctica.


No, you're a party to a contract. Breaching a contract has consequences. The US is pretty generous actually. Some societies would put a bullet in the back of your head to prevent you from leaving with the knowledge you gleaned.


Nope. I don't think you understand the word forced.
You don't want to give up the benefits and creature comforts of this society. So yes, if you want X you have to do Y. If you want the benefits you have to agree to the social contract.
But that is not the same as saying, you have to agree to the social contract.
@_date: 2014-08-02 01:32:05
What is your philosophy behind why you like and use Bitcoin?
Most want to use it to oeprate outside the government regulatory framework and capital controls.
If that's in any way your case, I don't see how you can want to see him in jail.
@_date: 2014-11-16 02:00:22
When you pay a company only about 1/3rd of it goes to salary.
@_date: 2014-07-19 23:04:00
I hope courts recognize this issue and apply restrictions to this type of activity when people are under house arrest.
@_date: 2014-02-16 21:28:07


The logic in this statement. There is none.
@_date: 2014-02-17 06:23:49
Yes, it is how contracts work. If you take the benefits. You submit yourself to the obligations.
Societies do not exist without implicit social contracts.
And apparently you don't defy it seriously. The moment you do you're fucked.
@_date: 2014-02-17 20:12:36
It really saddens me that you accuse me of being a troll just because I disagree with your perspective.
Are you so disinterested in open discussion that you have to denounce me rather than debate me? If your ideas are better, you will convince those reading. Are you afraid your ideas are not better?
@_date: 2014-03-09 23:10:29


This is incoherent. I have no idea what you're saying.


Not when someone of sufficient technical ability commits the crime, and not when there are multiple jurisdictions available to a criminal.
@_date: 2014-04-13 22:59:29
From the article:


This is incorrect. The US Government would likely have jurisdiction over any and every Bitcoin transaction in the world. Executing a transaction involves confirmations, and the moment one confirmation is issued by a server or node within the US, the transaction has a US component subject to US jurisdiction. If part of the Bitcoin network exists in the US, the centralization of the Blockchain means that all of its transactions have a component within the US.
The irony of decentralization is not that it reduces exposure to foreign jurisdictions, its that it likely exposes you to all jurisdictions.
The point is, with Bitcoin, now we're all subject to KYC rules— not just institutions.


This betrays a perspective which assumes the conclusion that KYC doesn't work. Bitcoin can in fact be regulated, there is nothing that is impossible in terms of regulation. Many just don't like the implication of this, because it means almost totalitarian intrusion in order to accomplish regulation.
Personally, I think Bitcoin could pose a huge risk to society as a whole (unless you're a Libertarian) so I would support massive and draconian regulation to keep its use limited to what I view as productive functions, like inexpensive remittance and transfer services. Any use of it to avoid capital controls instituted by governments is not something I'm interested in.
@_date: 2014-07-07 17:28:29
One of the biggest issues for a long time was in fact State's inability to control money. It led to those who did control the money being able to force State's (and at the time, King's) to do their bidding, lose power, or risk death at the hands of an invading force funded by those who did control money.
One of the brilliant components of democracy is that it removes the association between a single man and the sovereignty of a nation, and therefore attaches a nation's debt to the entirety of its people, and not just a sovereign who can abdicate or refuse to pay. This allows the financing of projects on a much greater scale and has rapidly increased the quality of life for the people of nations who have availed themselves of it.
So if the productive gains are created by society, should they not stay within a society? Should that society not have a say in the governance of its financial policy? Would it not be a great risk to expose oneself to a foreign central bank? This was the theory behind creating the Federal Reserve system; and it is a tradeoff. The use of debt was greatly expanded, favoring commercial bankers, but the people were in turn given ultimate control over the financial system.
The point is that central banks are not supposed to be independent. They are supposed to be acting in the best economic interests of a nation or economic block. In the current case, the Fed has become the entire world's central bank— our globalized society's central bank, and a lot of failure to recognize this on the part of many Americans has caused some pretty stupid recent monetary policy. For example, overconcern about inflation and targeting 2% instead of 4-6%.
I don't think you're really talking about money in a way that anyone who has to run a government, society, or massive corporation would recognize. I'm not really sure what your concerns about fiat are?
@_date: 2014-03-30 04:08:14
First, you do not necessarily need to support every action taken by a system in order to support the system— so your strategy of painting me to be a monster by forcing me to say yes to a question which suggests sociopathy is stupid to begin with.
Second, you can paint the situation and the US' actions however you want, but it doesn't mean you're conveying meaning with any integrity. When you say that some of my tax dollars might go toward killing an innocent child, you confuse the issue by ignoring the distinction between an accident and an intentional action.
I support the US drone program fully. The alternatives are far worse for everyone involved. Do I feel badly when innocent people are killed? Of course. Do I think we have a moral obligation to minimize civilian casualties when possible? Sure. And do I have to acknowledge that on some level my status as a US citizen makes me somewhat responsible, sure. But that hangs on all of our consciences and there are clear measures for how to change our government's policies. Avoiding the IRS is not one of them, and you will be justly imprisoned for doing so.
By the way— this includes you. If my tax dollars indicate my support of the killing of innocent children, your tacit complicity, regardless of whether you pay the IRS income taxes, through your participation in our economic and social system means you support these actions as well.
Either were both monsters, or neither of us are. But you're the only one suggesting going against the rest of society.
Hope this helps.
@_date: 2014-02-07 13:41:23
It's not about prevention. Its about having a framework for charging people, and to provide reporting requirements and mechanisms to unravel the mess afterwards.
If MtGox's problem is not simple technical execution problem, there's a decent chance no one will ever figure out what happened.
There are also a wide variety of problems which MtGox could be suffering from which would've been caught by reporting requirements and regulation. For example, slow double spend attacks, or other edge / concurrency attacks would be caught before getting beyond the level where it threatens the entire system (if that's what happened, and they've basically been looted).
@_date: 2014-01-02 03:54:13
Try showing you didn't cross any state boundaries when you had the transaction confirmed by the bitcoin network.
You'd exposure yourself to federal jurisdiction just as easily as a credit card.
@_date: 2014-07-07 17:47:03
I'm not focusing on cryptocurrency. I'm focusing on Bitcoin— which is why I said I liked that there is a blockchain which can help the State monitor transactions, but I also pointed out that should this become pervasive the Bitcoin Community will likely move against it. (
I have discussed elsewhere why I see no real other benefit to the currency, and if you'd like to rejoin those points feel free.
There is no real benefit to me using Bitcoin over using the USD which is for all intents and purposes a digital currency. The premium I pay on my credit card transactions is basically the insurance underwriting cost— something which will evolve with BTC as well. My ACH fees are 15 cents, my international wire fees $10. If I were doing micropayments across borders, sure, there's a use but the benefit is likely removed by the up and down conversion to something useful. If everyone used it might there be this small benefit to some in certain circumstances? Sure, but there are plenty of countervailing forces, for example, that someone who I have no fucking idea who is control 1/20th of the entire monetary supply. I'd rather know who it is and be able to vote people out of office, or lobby them, than have people who have no association with me and no ostensible obligation to act in my interest.
Now cryptography decentralizes the issue of security and trust, but unlike others, I don't see an issue with the centralization of trust, and in fact, I see a much bigger issue with decentralizing it.
Money, is in essence, a trust proxy; a store of surplus productivity which can be exchanged for goods and services. Now is it unfair that some enter this world with massive ledgers of trust? And others enter with nothing? Absolutely— but Bitcoin doesn't solve that problem, it just changes over to a different system.
If Bitcoin or cryptocurrency fixed that, then we could have a talk.
But all it does is shift to a new financial system where we suddenly decide to ignore the institutions which have built up trust over hundreds of years. And maybe that's necessary given the lack of trust in current institutions—  but we don't need cryptography for that, and decentralization isn't going to be any more resistant to the type of failure you see in the financial system. If it is, then a consequence is going to be diffusion of capital and inability to deploy strategically and optimally.
There's Bitcoin the currency, and bitcoing the payments network.  The currency isn't necessary because I/we WANT centralized institutions fucking with monetary policy, etc... and the payments network is cool, but as I've said to me just looks like a great way to dodge capital controls.
It all comes down to this idea of centralization, societal intrusion / involvement, and the importance of the individual. Very few people will see eye to eye with me on this. A question I often ask people is, if there were a conspiracy to create a New World Order or similar, what would be the problem with that?
Just be thankful people like me have evolved past just killing everyone that disagrees with us.
@_date: 2014-09-08 08:35:34
Yep. Basically everyone.
@_date: 2014-09-08 16:10:58


The FBI certainly is if they see a crime "in progress." It's an exigent circumstances type of situation. Elsewhere I discuss and provided this exact analogy of breaking and entering.
Also, not all exploits are necessarily B&amp;E. For example, if one cannot see the street number from the street, can one enter the front yard to take a closer look? 
You probably liken a CAPTCHA injection to picking a lock. However, one is not authorized to insert a key into a locked door, whereas one is authorized to input information into a CAPTCHA field; so there are issues with the analogy.


If they think it was used in a crime in the past. Not if they can actively see it being used in a crime currently. And this ignores John Doe Warrants.


They had enough for a warrant against "The Entity Known As The Silk Road." The wouldn't need the details you say they did. It would have been granted as a John Doe warrant. You get the warrant against the item or property for specific information related to it, not against the person.


Nope. This is speculation. They're setting up a different argument, that they must have stumbled across a point in time when the server was compromised by the owner himself. Since he admittedly compromised it, this is a plausible theory. We also don't quite know specifically enough about the technique used.
Not knowing is not the same as the technique necessarily being illegal, and that is my point.
I disagree that they would need a warrant even if they did what you said they did.
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:36:58


I don't know what that has to do with anything here. Do you mean secrecy? The NSA takes measures to conceal its actions. And others attempt to circumvent these measures.


Society, through its collective will has entrusted the government with powers to conceal some of its actions, though in reality, they could not stop me from observing their facilities and watching who comes and goes— or it would be significantly difficult to prevent a determined actor from learning quite a bit about who is involved.


I don't see the harm either, but he doesn't get to ask me not to find out who he is and tell other people. It's not a question of harm, per se, but a question of basic logic and fairness. You can't influence me if I do not asked to be influenced, and expect me not to identify you.
In a more abstract, thought-experimenty type of world, stopping an influence requires building barriers to protect oneself or identifying the source of the influence in order to counter it— I am free to select either option.


I don't know that that is relevant to this question, but more importantly, its wrong. How is not knowing the identity of an entity who controls 10% of an entire currency and could act as a central bank is it so wished, not essential information? I mean, I think its a pretty absurd statement to make.
@_date: 2014-09-11 00:16:52
They did not break the law. Stop hurling around allegations when you don't understand the context.
NYS Administrative procedure allows for exactly these types of interagency statements. This in fact was their analysis (their would be no impact so we don't need to send you anything more). Here's a link: 
@_date: 2014-03-30 08:03:58
1. Contracts of adhesion.
2. Your social security card.
3. Your parents and others assented for you prior to the age of majority, at which point you can opt out. However, your consent was given by proxy.
A government which allows for consent of the governed is de facto legitimate.
@_date: 2014-01-09 02:14:38
Where the hell are you from?
In NYC, paying by card is the norm. No one uses cash for anything.
@_date: 2014-02-10 12:47:33


First, thats nonsensical and unsound. The Will of Society is an aggregate. A government is legitimate absent universal consent.
However, even more ridiculously, a democratic representative government which relies on universal suffrage, is subject to universal consent by virtue of choosing to remain part of the society. There are certain rules which the government is constrained by which society collectively formed, and you don't need to stay part of the society. You choose to subject yourself to its constraints, and even if you don't get your way, you are willing to work through the system, or live with not getting your way because of the other benefits you receive.
Sure, government is always evolving to reflect the changing will of society, and there may be some lag time involved due to the constraints imposed by and agreed upon by society, but that's not really here nor there, since society would change them if it felt those constraints were no longer in alignment with its wishes.
Society is absolutely bigger and broader, but that has nothing to do with government not being a reflection of its will and a manifestation of its desire for order.
@_date: 2014-07-08 06:38:32
Sure it is binary, because you agree to the structure of the government via the Constitution, the most clear manifestation of our social contract outside common law.
You agree to the rules and fabric through which decisions are made, so regardless of whether you agree with the decision at its outcome, you agreed to the way the decision was made, and that's all that matters.
Revoking consent is either leaving, or resisting in a way outside what is defined by the social contract— in this case common law and the Constitution.
In a society which allows freedom of speech, there is yes, basically a component of killing people or violence.
Political movements do not since they are authorized under the Constitution. This Reddit is not. Actually using Bitcoin to circumvent taxation, sure that could be considered such. Just using Bitcoin? Nope.
@_date: 2014-02-10 18:50:59
Argument: Our government is morally allowed to tax.
1) A society is roughly a group of individuals who recognize similar traits in one another and come together for assorted purposes, usually related to common goals / shared benefits, and the like...
2) A government is a manifestation of a society's will; an entity created to regulate and arbitrate a code of conduct.
3) Moral justness is established when an individual's participation in this society is voluntary. A form of consent of the governed.
We live in such a society, with such a government.
4) Either property rights can be asserted, or they cannot.
If they cannot be asserted, then we need not worry about being concerned with taxation. If they can be asserted, then theoretically taxation could be depriving us of something we have a right to.
If I can assert a property right to an area, or a house, or anything, then a group of men together can collectively assert a property right to an area, such as a house, or a nation.
5) There is no such thing as a natural right, only a natural ability. There is no external entity which imbues us with rights (or if there is, no evidence currently of one). There is no moral right and wrong, except that which is defined in the context of other humans. It is wrong to kill another human because I would not want that done to myself, so we agree not to kill each other. I don't have an innate right to live and I don't have an innate duty not to kill you, but when we come upon eachother in the state of nature, if we can trust eachother, we will come to this arrangement. Mutual respect and mutual identification is the basis of this trust.
Therefore, all rights are social rights, derived from the society around us which protects them.
Therefore, my property rights within a society are not unencumbered, absolute, property rights. But limited property interests derived from the group which has stated a sovereign claim over a specific territory and all property within it.
Therefore, because the government is the will of this society which has legitimately claimed a sovereign property right, it has the right and ability to set the terms at which I am granted partial recognition of property rights. One part of these terms are taxes, or a share of the income and productivity derived from this property; whether it be land, or even just the ability to generate an income by interacting with other members of the society.
This is kind of rough. I'm very tired so forgive me if I've misworded something. Hopefully it will communicate the basics.
@_date: 2014-09-06 20:33:42
That's like putting a disclaimer on your Hotline Server which says that you aren't responsible for what people download and law enforcement can't enter.
You can't create and operate a system and just shield your eyes from the consequences. Napster learned that the hard way; and all they were doing was copyright infringement.
@_date: 2014-02-08 02:40:55
Why do you think you actually own something which you are being deprived of?
Tax is the fee you pay for generating income within a particular economy or trading an asset subject to its sovereign jurisdiction. If you don't want the benefits of participating in that economy, you don't have to participate in it, (you can move elsewhere, you can renounce your citizenship in the case of the US).
No one forces you to participate in a particular economy, but your choice to do so is subject to terms, and one of those terms is a tax.
@_date: 2014-02-08 05:27:48
Don't encourage them. It's not reasonable people have access to the same facts. It's selective observation of facts, and lack of rational analysis which leads to their conclusions because of different priorities.
I'm not saying you can reason with them successfully, or change their minds, but don't give the viewpoint credibility.
@_date: 2014-05-11 15:21:31
If you support the idea of State power and sovereignty, it is the worst thing ever conceived.
@_date: 2014-09-10 06:59:58
When you say wrong, you need to say why.
In the past I've been appointed to positions in the NYS government, so I would love to hear your objections.
@_date: 2014-02-05 09:50:22
So you didn't pay your tuition with BTC at all. Whatever your school is teaching you, its not English, Logic, or the ability to communicate effectively.
@_date: 2014-09-06 18:06:52
There's a difference between a witnesses testimony being false and a witnesses testimony being lying. 
What's interesting is, what if the NSA found the Silk Road servers, and then hacked the servers so that it would start leaking in a way the FBI could detect.
It would be 100% legal (the NSA is allowed to hack servers in Iceland, especially ones where drugs, guns, etc... are being traded and which likely have some link to terrorism, no matter how oblique) and impossible to defend against in court.
I'm not saying this is necessarily what happened. I'm saying its an interesting component of the reality we live in.
Interestingly, our laws are designed to protect the innocent... not the guilty. We believe they're designed to protect everyone from the government, but the reality is it is now possible to factually "know things" outside of what you can prove in Court. Knowing these things is not illegal, and knowing these things can help you find other things, which you can actually show in Court.
It doesn't really matter whether or not the witness is lying (I mean, lying in affidavit's is bad, of course), its just kind of an interesting thought experiment.
If Ulbricht was controlling those servers, he should go to jail etc... How the government gets him... well, thats up to the government.
@_date: 2014-12-07 21:31:09
I don't understand.
@_date: 2014-02-17 09:35:43
Which is an insult not a rejoinder.
@_date: 2014-01-20 22:04:20
Except that the Federal Reserve is overseen by Congress... so... there is oversight.
@_date: 2014-05-11 15:35:59
Of course government's can stop it. Are you fucking naive? Governments so far just choose not to.
Good luck getting any packet out of the country the government doesn't want getting out.
@_date: 2014-05-12 16:05:16


It's terrifying you don't.


You defended it above to me.


What? You do not understand interest, inflation, and the opportunity cost of reinvestment. You're talking massive sums.


Inflation. And its not interest, it can also be invested. Just putting it in the market gets you 7-8%, so plus inflation costs (2-5%), we're talking real annual cost of over 10%.


If it were tiny, then why do people want to delay payment on a much smaller scale? If its worth it for a person or business to prudently allocate capital, its far more worth it for a State to do so.


That's not what the government loses. It loses a lot more. 


Irrelevant. Everyone knows there is little to be done if a government decides to freeze your assets in a bank. It's why people park money in assets like real estate and art, and offshore shield companies. What Cyprus did isn't exactly novel.
@_date: 2014-09-06 14:24:20
You realize that's how criminal prosecutions work, right?
The government doesn't have to explain themselves to you. They have to explain themselves to a judge and a jury.
You are advocating for some bizarro ditching of due process. They don't state things at the time of the arrest, except for in the arrest warrant. 
Ulbricht's lawyer could challenge any of that in front of a judge.
@_date: 2014-03-07 07:10:15
Sure, except for the not forcing himself on me. That's your word, I chose to use the word influence since it is more representative of what I feel is going on.
He's part of my society, and he attempted to influence it in a substantive way by creating a technology which may significantly alter the financial fabric of our community. He's absolute is influencing me. Had he say, left society and attempted to create this outside society, one could say he at least tried to minimize his influence and therefore should have his privacy respected, but he was for quite a while actually attempting to maximize his influence. Him suddenly stopping his influence one day doesn't then return him to some private state, because the consequences of his action still permeate.
If I start being pulled on by a new gravitational force, its only normal that I am going to want to find out what it is.
@_date: 2014-03-31 15:08:44
Your parents should be making their decision to invest in BTC completely separately from their real estate business.
I did not suggest your assets were intertwined. I suggested that if they had enough money to accept this kind of risk, the discussion would have come up earlier and they would have made the decision to invest or not invest.
The introduction of this tenant as a motivating component doesn't make much rational sense.
If they do want to be involved in bitcoin, you didn't provide enough actual information to get a meaningful response, because we do not know where their business is located.
@_date: 2014-04-14 15:51:21
Society. You only own yourself if you exist in a solitary state of nature.
The moment you enter into a society with other men, you subvert part of yourself, bend part of yourself and surrender some of your natural abilities to that collective will. For example, in the state of nature you are capable of killing other men. Would any other man accept you into their presence without an implict or explicit promise that you will not kill them?
You have therefore encumbered yourself, and submitted yourself to that social contract. Self-ownership is a myth, or rather, an ability few if any choose to exercise.
This is of course allowing that you can fairly own the particles used in your body, and deprive the rest of the universe usage of those particles should it request them. Which is a whole other issue.
@_date: 2014-02-10 08:04:15


But then that is society's will until it decides to remedy the situation, and it creates a new will or mandate.


On what logical basis?


What is your basis for distinction?
@_date: 2014-02-18 21:36:55


That has nothing to do with this.


It's obviously a choice.
You're imposing the criteria of requiring a society which offers true freedom (which is a nonsensical statement anyway— no society can have true freedom, otherwise it wouldn't be a society) and that limits the domain of choices to what you deem to be "acceptable alternatives."
This is the point, the choice is not between n options, the choice is simply whether to stay or go in our society. You are basically admitting that you can go, but you may not like what you find elsewhere better, so you choose to stay.
The choice is there, even if there isn't an option which suits your desires perfectly, and that's really not our problem.
@_date: 2014-09-08 21:17:05
Very well said. Specifically articulated a lot of points my gut / memory told me were correct, but which I didn't have time to research.
@_date: 2014-08-30 01:02:59
You got very, very lucky with the Judge you drew.
@_date: 2014-09-21 19:38:45
So your perspective is that the platform is designed to circumvent taxes and that's fine?
@_date: 2014-02-17 21:15:51
There was no point in responding to you. I made my point in the previous post, you either failed to comprehend it or maliciously reinterpreted it.
You made allegations about the outcome of my moral relativism which basically ignored everything I had said about morality coming from inside us as humans and a form of mutualism.
I read your response and simply decided to let my points stand. If you want to try again and actually read what I wrote, go for it, but my morality does not justify slavery or beating of women, and your allegation that it does is again deeply insulting.
My statements are not flame bait but are about pointing out basic logic. Just because you might be able to dodge a government for a little while doesn't mean you should, and it doesn't mean the government will respect your efforts if caught.
@_date: 2014-06-04 20:08:52
Huh? I keep my passport in my back pocket.
@_date: 2014-12-02 01:59:19
Their annual revenue is $1.3billion. That's pretty small.
@_date: 2014-11-16 01:50:16
Companies pay their employees roughly 1/3rd of the revenue they generate. These guys are not being paid $25k/month. They're being paid at most $10k, likely less. Businesses have overhead and a variety of other shit.
@_date: 2014-02-08 07:17:58
Your scope of analysis is wrong and too brief.
Basically, you think you didn't ask for it, but you did, in a thousand ways. 
Once you get used to the idea that wanting a road to your door, a pipe to your house, an electric line to your computer, and a thousand other things all constitute opting in, you'll likely have a more defendable perspective.
@_date: 2014-02-16 20:37:09
Why? You have no justification, legal or moral, for avoiding lawful capital controls.
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:58:15
I'm assuming Newsweek believes he is the Satoshi Nakamoto.
If he is or is not, is not really relevant. Newsweek believes he is, and when confronted he did not deny it and in fact made statements which appear to support it. He was given the opportunity to avoid such an accusation, and did not.
@_date: 2014-01-31 20:15:01
Are you seriously arguing that the bitcoins the FBI and DOJ seized when arresting Ross Ulbricht were not subject to US jurisdiction at the time of their seizure?
There was a wallet address and a key which controls access to that wallet. Whatever sophistry you want to pull regarding the technicals of the system, the value contained was subject to US jurisdiction, the site was operated under US jurisdiction by a US citizen, the wallet and private key were found in the US, under US jurisdiction.
@_date: 2014-02-08 22:27:38


Crime? What crime? Crime of rebellion against the Commonwealth? I guess... But marking off land and creating a society within it is not a crime in and of itself, unless, you believe property itself to be a crime.
I would entertain that discussion if you would like to have it. But the moment you or I am allowed to mark off an area and say this is my land, the rest of it comes from that.


Righteous indignation? Please.


No there aren't hardcore liberals who would find this insulting. A hardcore liberal would by definition agree with me.
Also, insulting is not disagreement, and not a logical argument.
You said you disagree, but other than that you just acted insulted.


Nor did I say it is, but you like to accuse me of conflation / equivocation.
Government is the manifestation of society's will. Government is a part of a society, it is its leviathan, its primary regulatory mechanism. It is not one and the same.


No, humans owe their existence to society. And society's dictate what ones relationship to a government is going to be.


And there in lies the issue. There is no such thing as a natural right, and when you and others discuss the concept of a natural right, you're talking word salad.
Natural rights, in essence, have to come from an objective morality, which basically has to come from God. To me, its a silly concept.
What there are, are natural abilities. You have the ability to live, the ability to be free, but I also have the ability to kill you, and to imprison you. In the state of nature there is no fundamental disposition.
If I recognize you to be similar to me, I may choose to respect those abilities which I see we share, and so we may agree not to kill each other, not to imprison eachother, because we see ourselves in one another.
So we mutually grant each other rights which we agree to respect. But those rights are not intrinsic, these are social rights.
All rights are social rights.


Not really. Your perspective relies on several assertions which would need to be empirically demonstrated (re. man in the state of nature). Mine relies on nothing but man's ability to distinguish between that which is the same, and that which is different— which we can agree is axiomatic to being human in any meaningful sense of the word. Hell many animals can even distinguish this.
The problem with your belief system is that it is flawed at its very root. This isn't about two incompatible yet coherent belief systems, its about one which is logically defensible and internally consistent, and one which isn't.
@_date: 2014-02-17 20:02:29
Contracts dont actually require ezpress consent, whatever you mean by that. i would also argue you have given your consent. You can always unbind yourself with only a 40 percent exit tax. 
I also didn't say anything about ssn enumeration- just that you signed your card. Did you not?
If you have a passport you signed that too.
It's funny, because people have fought long and hard to get to universal citizenship, whereas it seems like you don't like the idea of citizenship by natural birth.
It sounds like you're discussing it as an unconscionable contract of adhesion. Good luck with that. You'll be laughed out of court.
@_date: 2014-12-06 19:29:53
If you want to be left alone, leave the country.
@_date: 2014-12-06 19:05:55


A lot of reasons. Read the CPSC's report on the rule. It answers all of these questions. I gave a brief answer about why warnings don't work (the balls are too small, the sets are left out on coffee tables, and you cannot educate small children not to put things in their mouths). The marginal economic benefit of allowing one company to sell these products as toys is outweighed by the societal interest. Go read the full report.


Cigarettes are not left out on coffee tables, and individual cigarettes are not found lying on the floor. Additionally, cigarettes are large enough to be visible from a distance to parents or caregivers. They also leave a residual smell indicating the likelihood of their presence. There is also much greater consumer demand, meaning the cost/benefit analysis is substantially different.
A young child would also have to figure out how to light the cigarette, and then smoke thousands of them over a prolonged period of time in order to suffer consequences of similar magnitude two magnetic balls ingested hours apart would cause.
Balloons do need to be looked at, but again, there is the consumer demand issue.


Exactly. It's not worth the risk and cost. A public education campaign for a niche product? Does Zen Magnets want to pay for Truth PSA's the way the tobacco lobby does?
The point is they are charged with protecting the public and Zen did not make any meaningful gestures at mitigation.


You can play with magnets. You just cannot sell magnets over a certain power as toys. You can still buy magnet sets for say, medical, or other purposes. 
And ironically you brought up guns. You cannot sell guns as toys either. It doesn't mean you can't buy a gun, or use a gun, but you cannot sell a gun as a toy. In fact, you can't even sell a toy gun without an orange muzzle tip indicating its a toy.
People are equating a rule preventing these objects from being sold and marketed a certain way as a ban of the object. And that is just stupid / listening to Zen Magnets bullshit.
@_date: 2014-02-08 05:38:52
Btw dude, I just wanted to give you a heads up that given the prize's current value, you might be exposing yourself to criminal copyright penalties if you're in the US; especially given people are using actual music / vo from the original ads. Not only can anything using Jobs' voice or the original music be instant DMCA'd, but the prize creates a serious fair use question.
Don't really care, just wanted to make you aware.
@_date: 2014-03-07 23:51:47
We're not in those societies, so its not reasonable to us. We're in a society which has expressly decided all of those viewpoints are unreasonable.
There are all sorts of thing which are reasonable to us, which are likely unreasonable to a more moral society.
Like, for example, a society which has surplus but allows any of its members to starve or go homeless.
I think that's pretty fucking unreasonable and on the level of the above wrongs, but our society thinks its just fine.
But while we're at it, lets note that the point of this discussion is not the categorical statement I made at the end, but whether or not these specific regulations and patchwork are reasonable— and in essence they are; do a little research into how and why they developed.
The only real way to drop them is to drop State jurisdictions in general, and that's not happening.
@_date: 2014-07-01 14:41:43
On the basis of the border crossing exception.


Yes you do. Well, your property loses basically all rights. See Ickes and Arnold. You, your person, anything you are transporting can be reasonably searched— they need a higher degree of suspicion to search your body, but no suspicion is currently needed for electronic devices, and therefore by extension, electronic data being sent in and out of the country.
If you send mail internationally, it can similarly be searched for contraband.
I cannot imagine a successful challenge to this.


No it isn't. You saying it is doesn't make it so.


No you don't. It's not Kafka-esque at all. It's sensible if you understand why it's being done. Drugs and terrorism are pretexts for the real reasons behind it, which are information aggregation and analysis as mechanisms of control.
It may seem, over-bearing or intrusive, but its lawful and frankly, prudent.
@_date: 2014-01-31 16:08:18


That wouldn't be relevant. US law applies to US jurisdiction.
@_date: 2014-02-10 02:42:14
I think you're unclear about what conflation means.
What I'm actually doing is highlighting our current governments position as our society's selected manifestation of leviathan.
It's only a fallacy if I commit a 1:1 equivocation, if as above, I use government as one of society's means of operation, there is no logical issue.
@_date: 2014-09-02 02:09:01


Who said I don't think block chain technology is significant.
I said its absurd to claim it might be "bigger than the internet." Logically, since it utilizes and is founded upon the internet, any world changing ramification is a part of the internet's influence. No matter how significant blockchain protocols become (and honestly, this shit has been around for a while, its really not that novel except its been applied to currency) as long as you're going to use the internet to implement it it can't be bigger. Sorry.


You shouldn't condescend to someone who has pointed out a pretty glaring error in your reasoning. It makes you look like an idiot.
That said, first, I own BTC. Second, I've been using crypto-currency since I first started online banking over a decade ago. The modern financial system is based on cryptography and digital signatures. There just isn't a decentralized public accounting of where all the "money" is or much transparency to the peasantry. I get that you don't really understand how the modern financial system works, but its really not all that different than an analog version of Bitcoin. The hilarity of all this investment and hype, is that we're likely to end up with a similar financial system, just revolving around the public ledger rather than the Federal Reserve's balance sheet. Given Satoshi's missing coins and the flexibility of the protocol, there really isn't any structural difference except being able to "audit" the future central and clearing banks.
Why did you link me to this video? I've heard Andreas Antonopoulos speak and I'm not interested in watching another Bitcoin Primer.
I know what it is, I know what the implications are. I simply don't agree with a lot of those implications— for example, you have no right to avoid societally dictated confiscation or taxation. The mathematical ability to do so does not give you the legal or moral right to do so.
I actually don't recognize individual private property rights— property/assets is/are owned by society and you are granted limited rights as stewards.
Bitcoiners who object to regulation are in essence objecting to the authority of States, and I don't really have any interest in encouraging that. Bitcoin and similar protocols can be useful tools for an increasingly digitally influenced world, but I have no interest in it as a trojan horse for absurdist Libertarian agendas. Either you can have private property, and then I can justify State action, or you can relinquish the concept of private property and we can discuss different ways of organizing a society.
@_date: 2014-03-17 08:48:19
Hah. Proving actual malice in this case would likely be impossible.
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:20:22
I mean, was the site operated in the US? It's not necessarily illegal for him to have operated the site; he's in Panama, no? Did the money even ever enter the US?
Also, you can report income from illegal activities. In fact, you're supposed to. They got Al Capone for tax evasion.
He's an American citizen. He has to pay taxes on all income.
@_date: 2014-02-16 21:05:16
I am unfamiliar with the Italian Constitution. How is it unconstitutional, can they not tax?
@_date: 2014-04-01 06:46:15
Must be. Not sure what your issue is.
@_date: 2014-02-16 21:19:57
That is in no way a response to my question.
Additionally, that is not what they said, they are imposing an import tax which one can exempt oneself by demonstrating that you meet certain criteria.
Your second line is incoherent.
They are not stealing anything from you. I don't think you know what that word means. If you don't like the tax, don't bring it in to the country.
@_date: 2014-12-20 08:21:00
It's only immoral because you come from a society which views it as immoral. It's certainly not absolutely immoral.
Slaves don't have to work within the system, but one shouldn't be surprised when one is punished for civil disobedience or worse.
@_date: 2014-09-05 08:04:59
How do they collect sales tax? How do they handle compliance with FinCEN laws?
@_date: 2014-03-07 03:30:53
If they weren't following US regulation, they are not a legitimate exchange and are in fact a shady dealer.
@_date: 2014-05-13 06:18:46


Sure I understand its split demographics and the steps that lead to this very moment. It was designed this way in order to capture certain territories for the West. It's part of the cost of losing the Cold War.


Longer than that. Since the end of the cold war and the fall of the USSR. It's been a 20+ year game plan to integrate Ukraine, territorially intact, into NATO / EU. That was the whole point of the Budapest Memorandum.
Violation of that gives the US cassus belli for an all out ground war against Russia, if not a nuclear first strike.


So what? Sounds like we should've spent more.


Not sure what this has to do with anything.
What the US is allowed to do as global hegemon is different than what a regional power, Russia, is allowed to do. The US quite literally can and does say "Do as we say, not as we do" because our mission and purpose as global hegemon is ensuring global stability. Russia needs to sit there calmly and be thankful its allowed to exist.


Hah? What propaganda are you reading? Any such agreements were informal and made during the 1990 German Reunification process to the Soviet Union. Not to Russia after the collapse of the Soviert Union and Warsaw Pact.
When the USSR failed, the US had an obligation to step into the vacuum and that includes the expansion of NATO eastward into the former USSR.


What failed wars? 


No one has any issue with that, and if they do, its because Snowden told them about them.


Hopefully 1000 soon.


? What? What the US / world is going through is something quite different than a stagnant economy. It's a shift to globalized information economies and basically, it means we don't need people anymore. It's a bit more complex than traditional stagnation, say, Japan style.


Well now you're just defending my points. A stronger, more competent President would have handled this better. Including making the threats I outlined.


Unfortunately, that's not clear— and I was discussing more, proximate causes of the current crises than sum total factors. There are lots of reasons but quite simply, absent the infighting in NATO there would be much greater alignment on the Ukraine. The release of US statements saying "Fuck the EU" would be meaningless without the context of the NSA leaks. Snowden's influence on this and Syria, which then caused Obama to instruct Kerry on a plan which somehow Russia got credit for in order to save Obamacare, set the stage for a Obama looking weak and vulnerable, and not having enough support either domestically or internationally to pursue the proper course.
Look at it as a chess game, and realize you cannot separate Obama from both the American public, and the international community, without a Snowden like event. It was well played— which is to me why you need to start behaving irrationally and unexpectedly in order to shake the paradigm and reset the norms.


I love name calling. Can you come up with something better than that though?
@_date: 2014-07-01 04:20:45
They're a Swiss company. They cannot operate in the US absent following US law.
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:42:06
If everyone took their patdown, the TSA would have to employ different tactics at high volume airports. Whose the sheep now?
@_date: 2014-09-06 18:19:57


Yes you are. You want them to try this case in the court of public opinion. You do realize that in fact publishing certain types of information would be viewed as tainting the jury pool and could end up with the subject being released because of prosecutorial malpractice. This is in essence how Daniel Ellsberg got off from releasing the Pentagon Papers. You are asking them to taint the jury pool so that you can have more information.


No, they will explain in court to a Judge and/or Jury how it was done, like they are supposed to. That is exactly how they maintain public credibility.
How they lose public credibility is by doing what you're asking them to do.


What repercussions?


What current climate? What information?
The public has a right to know the investigative techniques available to law enforcement? I'm not really sure that it does. It has a right to know once they're used to convict someone and the evidence is put into a trial... but then, say the NSA were involved... it wouldn't actually have any right to know that at all...
Here's a great thought experiment for you: what if Ulbricht did configure the CAPTCHA correctly? What if originally, it was properly silo'd.
What if the NSA located the Silk Road servers, gained access to them, and then modified them in a way where the FBI was then independently able to actually find the servers because of the CAPTCHA.
Here's the thing... that's not wrong, shady, or illegal. It's to me, ingenious.
It is possible to factually "know" something; ie, the NSA could have "known" Ulbricht was DPR, but knew that the FBI also could never prove it. So they lawfully do something which makes the FBI able to prove it.
I'm not saying they did this— but I am saying I wouldn't have a problem with it if they had.
Our laws and restraints on government exist to protect the innocent. And our presumption of innocence generally shades our view, and makes certain procedures necessary. But what happens, from a moral and legal standpoint, when you start to "know" someone is guilty. Not in the way a cop has a hunch, but you factually know someone did something. Do we as a society care how you are then brought to justice? It's interesting to think about.


No, it isn't. Until Ulbricht' or the "real" DPR alleges it is shady, or that anything bizarre like parallel construction happened, its not. Right now, it just looks like he made an amateur mistake and got caught.
@_date: 2014-08-04 10:23:47
I didn't say it was cryptographically attacked.
I said mathematical analysis— which would cover what you just said. The paper I'm referring to doesn't require a DDOS, but just enough nodes to analyze traffic patterns.
Poisoning the network with data should also work, and is likely easier.
@_date: 2014-04-10 06:54:01


No, I'm saying that we should hope that the current system does not commit suicide because if it does we will get chaos; and it will be a type of chaos in which crypto-currencies like Bitcoin will be unable to operate.
I don't know what the point of the rest of your statements are.
@_date: 2014-12-22 23:31:14
This is terrible advice because many crimes are statutory and liability is strict, i.e. malum in se vs malum prohibitum.
The correct advice is to look up the statute and read whether or not you have to knowingly do something or have intent based on the statute. In this case, you have to have knowledge or intent.
But many crimes you don't have to.
@_date: 2014-02-10 11:05:37
They just need to keep separate wallets for each user of the service, rather than co-mingling all the BTC into a shared wallet.
You could also rely on I/O instead of hashid when hashid disappears.
A 12 year old could've fixed this over the weekend.
@_date: 2014-02-17 09:46:31
Actually, my username is a perfect opposite to what I am. Your failure to see that is, well, unfortunate, perhaps shameful, who knows.
My logic is unassailable— I invite you to counter it rather than launching absurd ad hominem attacks. If you succeed I will change my mind about my position. Will you change your mind if I succeed in defending my position?
The irony is that I do not look to fear and emotion; rather I put forward extreme logical positions which are the rational conclusion of more normative positions; these arguments provoke an emotional response from you, which hinders your ability to form a rational rejoinder. You fall prey to that which you abhor.
I'm neither a troll nor a travesty— I see what we are, who we are, and where we will be 30 moves down the road.
If you want to ignore me, go ahead. What I am is the status quo telling you what we are doing, why, and how we plan to and will succeed.
It is no longer my fault if I tell you what we're going to do and you do nothing to stop it.
I feel, unfortunately, that you and many here place your own importance, your own misperceived "right" to unilateral action, more highly than, above, the interests of the republic, above the interests of the community, above the goals of the whole.
There is no room for people like you in the future. Act as you wish. Do not be surprised by our response.
We are trying to achieve greatness. You subversion will not be tolerated.
@_date: 2014-02-07 14:10:42


It's like you're not even paying attention and arguing against claims which I didn't make. I didn't say regulation prevents "these things." I don't even know what you mean by these things.
Do you mean the instances where Gox is stolen from externally Regulation absolutely reduces such events. Regulation prevents certain kinds of attacks, it does not prevent all attacks. It does almost always end up creating a paper trail for figuring out what happened.


No it isn't. Partial solutions are preferable to no solutions. You're making absurd nonsensical arguments which rely on all or nothing dichotomies. If we had regulation we'd have fewer issues like Mt. Gox. Same with laundering.
In reality, we end up with a better situation for all. More difficulty and a barrier to entry for criminals and more security for honest actors. It's a mild trade-off.
Also, next time, either respond rationally and against my points, or don't bother.
@_date: 2014-11-16 21:27:17






Interstate commerce clause. But also state laws regarding sales tax, etc...


No such thing.


Incorrect. Borders.
@_date: 2014-03-08 00:12:11
ITT: People who have no media training, no ability to neutrally asses someone's performance, and who are blinded by their affection for BTC.
If that wasn't clear, Charlie didn't do an effective job.
@_date: 2014-04-28 04:06:50
I'm not talking about people going out and buying a Bitcoin. I'm talking about speculators who are buying or holding lots of bitcoins.
Buying 10, 100, or more Electric Cars which you have no utility for is simply stupid and is the equivalent of what speculators are doing. Speculating in some markets makes sense, for example, copper, because there is an intrinsic use and you are speculating on future demand, not on whether copper will be useful.
It is not worth my time to debate you. I recently made a resolution to stop wasting time discussing these things on a fucking website with my intellectual inferiors. You can either accept that I'm right, or you can go on your delusional way.
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:06:35
Because changing the world implicitly requires influencing other people, having an affect on me, on you, on the people around you.
If you want me to "leave you alone" which is essentially what respecting privacy and anonymity is, then you need to leave me alone too.
When you set out to change the world, however, you are not leaving others alone, and you lose claim to privacy. That's not to say you lose all claim to privacy, ie, I don't get to know everything about you, or everything which you do (necessarily)— and that's a much more complex argument than we need to go in to here.
But I do get to know your name, I get to know who is influencing me, and yeah, if I want to, I get to know where you are too.
I would ask that those who disagree with me not downvote me. It is very difficult to have a conversation when I have to wait 10 minutes between posts.
@_date: 2014-02-08 04:38:22


Its your country too. If you were born there, your ancestors participated in this marking off. More importantly, you're not giving anyone anything, you're given the privilege of being able to make money, you're protected, etc... Absent these perks, you'd just be killed. You probably wouldn't even make it to adulthood, and if you did you'd be enslaved.


Nothing was taken from you by force. Rather, society told you what percentage of your economic output you would be entitled to. 
I think the problem here is that you're confused by the accounting practice, that you receive the income or the gains, and then pay taxes on it at certain points. Would you rather all transactions go to the government first, and then you're disbursed your due? Perhaps that might make you feel better?
It's not just roads. It's everything. Go to a public school? Taxes. Go to a private school? That it wasn't burned down by someone else is because of taxes. Society as a collective is responsible for all innovation, productivity, and security.
If you really find your fellow human beings to be worthless, you can go sit somewhere else and try to form a life for yourself. But you can't bring anything with you, not even language, since that is the product of societies; if we could take knowledge from you, how to make a fire, how to navigate, etc... we would on your way out. You are beholden to every other member of our civilization which exists today, and which has come before you for your very existence. That we would even allow you the freedom to leave is far beyond our moral necessity.


No, the mob is more similar to a feudal system imposed over subsistence farmers, creating sharecropping. Now, there are obvious moral issues with this, but that's why we now have representative democracy. And if you would like another system, you're welcome to get others on your side and go for it. But our system is pretty benevolent— we even impose rules to minimize tyranny of the majority, so that majority's really need to be 2/3rds to 3/4ths to impose structural change.
The biggest issue is that whether you like it or not, you've given your consent. And if you feel you haven't, your parents did for 18 years, and you have every opportunity to revoke your consent and leave. You just can't take that which has been acquired under implied consent with you. I mean, we protected your inheritance because we thought you were part of the team. When you cease to be part of the team, we're not going to protect you anymore— that would just be imprudent.


It absolutely is true.


It's not you disagreeing with me that gets guns sent after you, and its not even you disagreeing with society as a whole which gets men with guns sent after you. Its you acting in opposition to not just me, but in opposition to society at large that gets men with guns sent after you.
And that makes sense, because you have become a threat. And in the state of nature, a threat against me and mine, or a threat against society, becomes the basis for the just use of force. Not to kill you, but to stop that threat, and sometimes the only way to stop a threat is to kill the person who embodies it.


I don't see why you think disagreeing with me imposes any force on you. We're disagreeing right now.
It's one of the great things about our society, this one, as opposed to many previous ones where you'd have a legitimate claim. Just disagreeing is protected, because we understand what its like to be one another and that we might disagree about ideas and its valuable to work through them.
What we also understand is that in this human project, no one person is so important that we need to respect their desire to do whatever the fuck they want. If you find that valuable and necessary, there are tax free nations which would be glad to have you; especially if you've had the benefit of a top notch education which you took from our society.
Be thenkful we let you leave peacefully, and in fact with only a 40% excise tax. I would put it at 100%.
@_date: 2014-02-10 14:44:47
Nothing in that entire comment suggested the use of the word stealing is appropriate.
There was in fact due process; civil asset forfeiture laws require follow due process.
Some crimes are strict liability. Mens rea is an irrelevant concept, and ignores the idea of malum in se versus malum prohibitum.
As above, you said, to you, this is not justice.
And that may be debatable.
But under no code of law is it stealing.
You didn't make the point as to the relevance of Mt. Gox potentially being made illiquid because of asset seizures, so don't go trying to bring it up now. You wanted to take a cheap shot and accuse the US government of behavior equivalent to attackers who have likely committed fraud against Mt. Gox, and potentially the entire BTC community. You got called out on it. Deal with it.
More importantly, the US' applying its criminal statutes to these accounts should not be surprising and does not make the US responsible in any way for Mt. Gox's financial problems. They should have bothered to comply with US regulation if they wanted to operate in the US; its very straightforward.
Stop victim playing. I'm not interested in it. I haven't attempted to censor you. I've engaged you in debate and told you why you are harming the rest of us as well as Bitcoin in general.
@_date: 2014-02-10 13:05:39
Fine, a clever twelve year old.
A few modifications to your transaction implementation fixes transaction flow in the future, and a cleverly written script querying your database and implementing an algorithm which recursively follows transactions back to the original failed hashes and incorrect re-issues will tell you how much you're out.
Maybe it takes a few hours to write, and a day if that to run.
Then you check your bank account compare that number to the amount of BTC you're out times the current market value of bitcoin, and what type of redemption rate you usually face. This determines whether you have a liquidity problem. If you're significantly in the red, you determine if you have a liqudity problem or a solvency problem.
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:16:43


Are they? They actually seem pretty detailed, more so than I've seen in the past. Regardless, if what you allege is true then he can say that himself. We don't need to conjecture when we have the person involved right here.
@_date: 2014-08-04 09:30:20
NSA has probably had Tor compromised for years. The mathematical analysis of how to approach it has been around for a while, and the network isn't actually big enough to avoid NSA level scrutiny.
The Court might hear in private how it was done and then rule that it is irrelevant how it was done, and the DOJ / NSA can have its secret. All that's relevant is that it was in fact done.
@_date: 2014-01-07 18:12:08
What are the benefits of accepting BTC other than not having to store customer information?
I honestly don't understand the point / why a big retailer would want to bother with this.
@_date: 2014-02-07 05:19:50
People won't make the video go viral just because it makes fun of Apple. People will make the ad go viral if it makes fun of Apple, and if some random person got $50k for it.
That's a much more viral narrative, like the viral phenomena of the BTC Sign kid on Espn.
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:46:14
How is that rich of me? What factual mistakes? Go re-read my post, I didn't make any factual claims. I said they seem detailed and they are more so than what I've seen in the past. How exactly is that wrong? Please, tell me. It was a communication of my subjective state of mind and opinion, one that wasn't even germane but I stated since you had brought it up, and was willing to examine information contrary to my belief state at the time.


Which point? My points that I think he was careless or blinded by self-interest, or now in damage control mode? I think all of his statements support those points until he makes claims that he was not. It's very easy to explain the context of the interview, what was asked, what was answered, why he gave it, etc...
My point that they seemed detailed to me, and more so than I've seen in the past? I mean, I don't see how a quote from him would support that point; its my experience, which is why I asked "Are they?"
I don't know, but i also don't care — which is why I said "regardless."


That's fine, it even may be true — I don't know the full expanse of the interview he gave to Newsweek; but its not a counter to my accusations. Perhaps he was saying too much to every journalist? I don't know.
But to speak to journalists, this one in particular, or journalists in general, and then be surprised when these statements are used as evidence to try to identify Satoshi Nakamoto is absurd and lacking in credibility.
No one knows who the guy is, so any piece of information you put out there that wasn't out there might be used to bring someone closer to identifying him/it/they.
Did he think his words would not be used this way? Either he's a fool or he's lying. If he was duped, I see no reason why he would not say so. His failure to do so rules out trickery to me, his contributions to Bitcoin rule out being a fool to me, so all that's left is the substance of my accusations.
There is my basis.
He can answer my accusations, but its simply irrelevant for you to conjecture unless you are explicitly targeting my underlying logic.
@_date: 2014-10-14 01:51:24
@_date: 2014-02-10 11:19:20
I haven't really programmed in almost a decade; but once upon a time I was one hell of an engineer.
It blows my mind that a financial exchange's system would be implemented this way, but you're right, they certainly could've designed it based on this assumption.
That said, you're also right that it could be very difficult to figure out how the frauds propagated through the system; assuming you even have all the records and data you're supposed to have.
They may be figuring out that they have to audit all their transactions against the blockchain and honor the balances on accounts, and just accept the loss. The question is is that loss a few hundred k, or $20mm. This to me justifies the "stopping the car" to fix it idea.
The issue to me is less about a complicated fix, but more about determining if you have to file for bankruptcy and run.
@_date: 2014-03-16 21:46:34
First, you did not rebut my main point.
Second, you did not provide two references. You provided one. You did not link to your master's thesis so I cannot evaluate the persuasiveness or basis for claiming the arguments are the same.
Nice to hear you hold yourself in such regard that you would consider your master's thesis an academic paper. I wouldn't without significant evidence of peer reviewing and vetting.
The point is, you made a claim in a discussion which is pretty complex. It's nonsensical to think you don't have an obligation to at least outline the logic in brief. Or at the least, provide a link and page number to where such an argument is made.
@_date: 2014-02-10 18:00:39


You pretend like that is relevant to the US. The US doesn't have all the land. As far as it is concerned, there is an alternative. A whole lot of alternatives.
Also, there are some nice islands and a whole swath of unclaimed territory in Antarctica. Oh, you'll die there? Realistically, you're going to die wherever you go. Unless you were an eagle scout, you don't have the ability to survive on your own.


You can go somewhere and take it over.


Well don't be surprised when they imprison you or worse. You're actually completely beholden because your parents were. They opted you in; their claim to their property derived from their position in society, so any claim you have is also derived from their position in society and their participation.


It's not a premise, its an argument. And I've made it four times. Either object to one of my actual premises, or to the logic of my argument. But to object to the conclusion without commenting on either is nonsensical. Its like waving your hands and saying la la la I don't like what you're saying.
If we owe our prosperity to other men? How can they/we collectively not make rules about what is just conduct in a society?
@_date: 2014-03-27 09:27:53
First, there is nothing stopping society from doing so.
Second, all rights are social rights. If our society collectively decides you must contribute x, then you must contribute x, face the outlined consequences, or leave.
If you leave then you lose the social rights we agree upon, and if you represent a threat you may be eliminated.
Third, you seem to think you "own" something or "have" money.
This is cute, but mistaken. All property and assets belong to to a society as a whole, and the government, particularly when one has universal suffrage and elections, represents the vested will of that society and has been given the authority to make decisions about the allocation of resources. As a human being who has come after many other human beings, you basically have benefited from the society's previous work-product, and your own work-product and contribution is a derivative work. While society grants you a percentage of your productivity to reinvest or manage, you certainly do not own or control in an unencumbered fashion.
This is one of the implicit jokes of capitalism/communism.
Once you come to terms with your interconnectedness with the world around you, and your dependence on others— whether it is for resources of today, or the knowledge and wisdom of those who have come before us, you'll be a lot better off.
@_date: 2014-05-11 22:09:15
You're using Delta's logo and app in some of your photography. You certainly don't have the licensing and clearance for that.
@_date: 2014-02-07 00:30:46
Most commercials have production budgets far higher. However, that wasn't my point. My point was that the reward itself will make it go viral. Not the video.
@_date: 2014-07-25 20:34:53
Anyone paying attention in tech knew who they were when they closed a $15mm round with Andresson Horowitz a year or two ago.
@_date: 2015-05-03 00:33:15
There's no information on the case. What exactly did he do which triggered the IRS' involvement? It sounds like he broke structuring laws? That's different than civil forfeiture in general but this is clearly a one sided piece by an organization targeting civil forfeiture.
To me, it sounds like the guy was operating a cash business and likely not reporting the business' income when paying taxes. Without knowing more details, we can't be sure, but if he wasn't keeping adequate books to show he was properly paying taxes, I can't say I really have a problem with this.
@_date: 2014-02-09 23:25:21
Sure you did, you invoke some form of property right which they create / enforce. There are thousands of things you request from the government. I don't know your specific situation, but we couldn't be havif this conversation absent that fact.
@_date: 2014-11-16 22:12:37
Actually, the modern comforts you enjoy come from the stability and protection provided by the State; including open systems of trade.
@_date: 2014-03-07 07:53:19
I've seen no evidence that he isn't the satoshi.
I've seen no evidence that Newsweek just made it up.
He's denied, and the real Satoshi denied online, both of which might happen in either case.
@_date: 2014-03-30 03:52:40
Because you can leave the United States. Our social contract is not founded upon piecemeal selection, its either take it or leave it. If you want to live in the United States, you are morally obligated to pay taxes, or you are in violation of the social contract.
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:36:17
Come off it man.
The guy published his name on a paper, and created a potentially revolutionary financial payments system.
Everyone has the right to try to change the world, but no one has the right to do so anonymously.
The article was an interesting read, and I'm glad she wrote it.
If you had these concerns, why were you even talking to a reporter from Newsweek in the first place?
Your statements were used to provide circumstantial evidence of his identity. Did you really not think they would be used this way? Regardless of whether it was an individual, a team, or whomever that would be identified?
What did you think you were giving this information for?
I think you knew what you were doing, did not care, and wanted to be thrust into the limelight yourself. Now  it looks to me like you're in damage control mode to try to get out in front of this before the Bitcoin community turns on you as well.
Publishing Dorian's name was enough to identify him in this day and age, and there is no way to write the article without disclosing that.
I frankly don't believe a word you're saying right now.
Edit: I would ask that those who disagree with me not downvote me. It is very difficult to have a conversation when I have to wait 10 minutes between posts.
@_date: 2014-04-01 07:05:59
Any government based on the consent of the governed, which allows its people to leave should they so choose.
@_date: 2014-02-26 07:03:33
Are you going to keep writing this bullshit?
Do I need to smoke you over here as well?
Regulation detects the symptoms of these types of flaws by forcing you to keep accurate books and analyze your accounts and assets. If something doesn't match up, regulation makes you figure out why.
@_date: 2014-07-07 15:25:30
I'm saying the State does own everything (or State Powers collectively), regardless of whether or not it takes the form of Communism or Capitalism, or what label you want to put on it.
Those are terms of how means of production are immediately controlled. Ultimately, the basic concept of a sovereign State ensures that all property rights are encumbered, and that all means of production are ultimately controlled by the State.
@_date: 2014-11-15 22:29:47
I don't understand how OpenBazaar will comply with local tax policy and import/export law. Could someone explain this to me? Won't it functionally put the transaction beyond the reach of governments? To me this will lead to the entire protocol and program being banned.
@_date: 2014-12-20 08:54:46
But you don't act surprised when a government punishes you for freeing slaves. You took the risk.
@_date: 2014-03-25 18:45:07


Why not? And if you don't pay appropriate capital gains, then you will go to jail.


No, you have no idea of how currencies work, or governments for that matter.
If you want to use a different method of accounting than the US government, thats fine, but be sure, when you settle transactions within the US, the US has the right to use whatever base currency it wants to get its fair cut of the transaction. You using an asset that appreciates or depreciates relative to the dollar puts the burden on you.
Perhaps we just need a cryptocurrency with a dollar pegged value.
Remember, you have no justification to be immunized against capital controls instituted by a sovereign.
@_date: 2014-01-09 02:01:41
Its murder. Self-defense is only lawful if you are in imminent danger. You can't do pre-emptive strikes. This is one of the abilities you give up when you participate in a social contract.
@_date: 2014-12-06 23:18:32


Of course. You grew up and were educated here. You have no value or worth without the US, or whatever your nation of origin is. You would be sitting in a desert somewhere trying to make fire with sticks. Without the society you come from, you are nothing.
You can't increase 40% taxes 422%. That makes no sense.


This just isn't true. They absolutely will do business with you, and if you can't setup a foreign corporation which eliminates the IRS reporting requirements, you're too much of a peasant to be dealt with anyway.


Kim Dotcom exposed himself to US jurisdiction through US bank accounts, servers inside the US, and paying uploaders inside the US. If you don't want to be extradited to the US, don't commit crimes there.
That you don't realize this part makes me think you're either trolling or just terribly informed.
@_date: 2014-09-08 06:59:16
Of course I understand what an exploit is, I don't understand how that word plays. There are all sorts of different exploits, and I can think of some exploits which the use of might constitute unlawful search or seizure. It's not clear even clear that code-injection, which is the most intrusive one possible here, would qualify.
What do you mean how/why its different than a search? Are you not arguing that its an unlawful search/seizure anymore? If its not a search than what is it? What protected right was violated? Why would the evidence be inadmissible?
@_date: 2014-03-07 06:42:45
Why? There's no conclusive evidence either way. It's fucking great.
She can stand by her story, and he can stand by his denial.
@_date: 2014-01-07 19:56:29
Those are passed to the consumer in the form of the price point of the item.
@_date: 2014-03-07 04:16:00
By saying complying with laws in 48 states is unreasonable you made the moral argument.
They in fact did not say it was not viable, they made a whole bunch of long winded statements which basically amounted to an accusation of being stifled by the US government, which is straight bullshit.
Futhermore, your/his numbers are wrong as is the methodology / significance of them to a bottom line. Its likely about $5-7 million in total bond for all states (most are around $100k with more in NY and California), and you only need to be insured for it, ie, you can put up the cash in the form of the bond, or pay an underwriter a 2% premium to put it up for you. Some states require surety instead, and then you just need insurance on 2% of your transactions for the year (in that jurisdiction).
So really you're only looking at $100-200k in costs for your bond. You're looking at a bit more for compliance, auditing, supervisory fees in large states, but its not significant.
BitInstant was actually very far along in the process of registering with all States, it was the direct awareness of the CEO of certain obviously illegal activities that brought them down, and they certainly didn't have enough money to post $200 million in bond.
Additionally, you can in the interim, use an agent which has already performed the compliance; they can get you to market very quickly since they already have the licenses, and you basically are assigned them as proxy.


I don't see that at all. But whatever.


Hah. The US and its State's is not a free market.


As I've shown, that's not the case. Even so, if the people of the US demanded such it would be reasonable. Anything the society collectively decides is reasonable.
@_date: 2014-09-08 16:38:04
You're missing the point: often the courts don't worry about a warrant not existing when its unclear that they would need a warrant, and they would get one anyway.
Remember, the FBI most certainly would not have needed a warrant if the server did not tie back to an American. Since the FBI had no reason at the time to believe it was an American, the court wouldn't require them to have a warrant.
So what the FBI is in essence constructing is, this is how we got the information, we didn't know it was American, we didn't do anything intrusive, it might've even been this guy's own mistake, and there is sufficient reason to believe that we could have located this information through parallel means.
Therefore, it doesn't really matter. Evidence in.
That's basically how it will play out.
@_date: 2015-01-12 20:35:45


Do you have a copy of the judge's order stating this? Calling someone a murderer in open court before the case has been adjudicated is obviously prejudicial on its face. No judge would allow that.


That does not make something a Kangaroo Court. A Jury has no role in sentencing. Jury's are finder of fact, not of law. 5 or 500 years, it matters not.
Additionally, you make it sound like it is impossible to do something that warrants life imprisonment just because it is on the internet. If he really did run Silk Road, his crimes are beyond the pale.


Yes. And? No one has established that these servers were not subject to hacking by the FBI; there is precedent supporting international searches and seizures without warrants (the FBI did this to a Russian and had the search upheld). The FBI also did not conduct the search of the server's itself; it merely located them and then provided Icelandic authorities with the information. I'm not sure under what theory of privacy Ulbricht would be able to have the server search excluded.


Ha. Won't happen. The guy, based on the evidence presented in the indictment, stands guilty of what he is accused. A jury will find that.
@_date: 2014-03-16 03:29:24
But the implied risk is part of the bet...
@_date: 2014-03-30 19:12:29
I don't see how either position has anything to do with cowardice or bravery.
@_date: 2014-09-08 08:25:32
Why would using an exploit allow for the evidence to be thrown out? Explain the reasoning. You've assumed this elsewhere but not made the case.
@_date: 2014-03-16 23:53:18


I am lazy? How is it my responsibility to do research to substantiate your claims? Either you provide the evidence and support, or your claim is dismissed without consideration.
I fundamentally disagree that fiduciary media are unlikely to appear down the line should Bitcoin see wider adoption— I do not see Bitcoin as that fundamentally different than current systems; it just shifts the power of issuANCE to those in control of the Bitcoin protocol instead of those in control at the Federal Reserve. Since our current system evolved fiduciary media, I would need to see compelling evidence why structurally it is unlikely with Bitcoin. Frankly, I just don't see how one could make that statement with a straight face, but I keep an open mind so I asked a question to see if you would care to make the argument. You haven't, which leads me to believe said argument doesn't exist or you know it doesn't survive rigorous analysis.
Also your language which seemed to disallow credit as a form of fiduciary media doesn't lend to your credibility on the subject.


Do you have Asperger's? Are you trying to be condescending or are you just completely unaware of how to use language? Who said anything about "teach?" This is a completely intellectually dishonest characterization of my words.
You absolutely have an obligation to support your arguments if you want your claims to be taken seriously. Don't comment on public forums and make claims if you don't plan on defending them— even more so if you're going to then 1) lie about providing references, and 2) condescend without merit, and still, without substantiating your point.


So what?


Then provide a link to your analysis of why fiduciary media are unlikely to occur.


I see what's going on.
You're insulted that I did not recognize your name, and that I am not treating you with proper deference because you have made your life about Bitcoin for the past year. Well too bad. I discuss points based on merit. We're not having a battle of reputations or a dick measuring contest. I asked a question about why you believe something to be the case, and you still haven't answered.


You already whored and self-promoted when you made the claim that your master's thesis covered this subject in more depth, so there is little integrity to your claim.
Furthermore, when someone asks for clarification, you can provide a link even if it is to your own material. How can someone get on your case for link whoring when a participant asks for more information?
Look, clearly you don't want to have a discussion about whether or not fiduciary media are unlikely to occur in Bitcoin. Why? I don't know. My guess is you understand on some level that if it is likely to occur, then we end up with a financial system basically identical to the one we have now, and the benefits of Bitcoin become more limited, like the rapid settling of transfers.
@_date: 2015-01-13 18:16:39
And your point is?
@_date: 2015-05-05 00:43:48


This is called structuring, what I said above.


Actually, intentionally depositing money in a way to avoid going over certain thresholds, or to avoid a bank issuing a SAR is illegal in and of itself. You often have to show good reason why you were depositing they way you were.


No, it doesn't appear this way at all. It appears we don't have sufficient information to form a conclusion.
@_date: 2014-02-06 16:23:51
What's the amount of the prize? I make commercials. I could nail this in a few hours if it were worth my time.
@_date: 2014-01-31 17:05:17
No the US would not have to prove anything. The fact that the bitcoins were under US jurisdiction at the time of seizure subjects the entire exchange to US jurisdiction. 
The OP is saying that someone from a foreign jurisdiction could slow the sale because what they were doing was legal where they were doing it. This just isn't the case, however.
@_date: 2015-01-02 09:30:41
This article is terrible. It's very clear what to do about it; hold the programmers liable. There is no confusion and our statutes are clear enough.
@_date: 2015-01-31 09:34:31
A friendly wager?
This is idiocy. 100 BTC is roughly $22,000.
If the poster is really willing to put 100 BTC into escrow today, and forego the capital's potential until the terms of the deal are satisfied, then its a legitimate offer.
If not, its bullshit.
While its roughly 10:1 odds in favor of BTC going to $100 before $1000 there is the payout risk, which is non-zero. So the commenter is saying, you need to give me 10:1 odds? Or 5:1 odds given a price around 200? Or 8:1 based on difference?
So is it a straight $22k bet, or is it a weird, hedged bet about either I pay out $10,000 or you pay out $100,000 at some future date.
The real issue is that wagers based on belief don't need to be "big." In fact, wagers with lower amounts of money at stake make it more about the honor, or conviction of the individual, especially when you don't know what people have.
If this commenter has 10,000 BTC, 100 BTC wager doesn't really mean anything to him. But to someone who only has 1 BTC, a 100 BTC wager is important.
Yet this guy is putting the situation at parity.
We played poker in HS and there was a guy who was very wealthy, and would try to bet like, $1000 or more, about the outcome of a hand. And he would always say, if you're so confident, why not be the $1000.
And the point is confidence doesn't matter when your risk profile is completely asymmetrical. $1000 mattered to me, a lot. It didn't matter to him. There was no way for me to overcome this. So you explain this risk issue, and either people accept it and offer a lower bet, or they don't, and you realize they're trolling.
@_date: 2015-01-14 09:49:41
And again— your point is?
I'm actually not being a dick here.
I disagree with this action being "wrong."
Outlawing or banning drugs seems unfair; but its a mechanism the status quo uses to take out threats. Spitzer is a great example.
In order to make a meaningful argument; you need to make an argument which challenges the legitimacy and usefulness of the status quo.
I know it may seem like a catch-22, but until then, you're spewing bullshit.
@_date: 2015-01-15 21:52:50


If you live in the US, you have given your consent for this exactly to happen.
It's not just about technology, however. I'm a highly educated white male with ivy league degrees. 
Do you think I'm necessarily happy with the idea of a random pool of voting citizens judging me and my actions? No, but I don't see a fairer way of going about this.
@_date: 2015-01-12 18:09:28
Why is it a kangaroo court? What is your objection to the proceedings?
@_date: 2015-01-12 23:08:10


Someone who doesn't understand the use of force making ignorant assumptions?
If governments decided to ban any encrypted communication, and only allow white-listed, scannable traffic, you would have a very hard time getting around it. You would have to hide signals within data streams that had plausible other purposes, massively reducing functional bandwidth. Plus, you can make the penalties massive and asymmetrical.
Frankly, if people cannot be trusted to behave appropriately online, these steps may become necessary one day. 


In your own home. And when conducting business in private. The internet is not private; you are broadcasting messages along public rights of way through the public sphere and using a third party to do it. You have no privacy online; this was settled in the 1980s in the US.


Not really, actually.


I would suggest you look into actual laws on this. The UK's protections are far weaker than the US', and the US' don't exist.
@_date: 2015-01-13 19:01:13
Ha. Well, you might end up at the end of a barrel in some back alley.
The joke about WWII was not about whether or not to go with fascism; but about which group would be in charge.
@_date: 2015-01-12 23:24:45
More or less. You'd actually just have to white list certain types of traffic, and anything that could not be "read" would be dropped.
@_date: 2014-02-05 10:41:45
If you're a US employer I wouldn't do this. Too complicated to properly 1099 his payments. If he doesn't pay taxes on them, you're on the hook.
@_date: 2014-09-08 08:15:26
While an interesting analysis, there is one major problem with this article:


This is not true.
The fact that there were multiple IP leaks, indicates that regardless of the FBI's specific actions, they likely could have uncovered this information anyway. Website's like Reddit having postings where people showed the exploit creates a secondary investigative chain where you subpoena Reddit for the original post, or the information of the user who posted it, etc, etc.. until you get back to how to identify Silk Road. This is important because the existence of another way of uncovering the information is critical to whether or not information becomes inadmissible.
Also, the article ignores the possibility and the argument that the FBI was observing and interacting with the machine at a date and time when Ulbricht was manipulating it, and accidentally leaked the information to the FBI when he made a mistake. This is another implication of the FBI's affidavit.
This, is of course all assuming we believe the FBI needs a warrant to conduct this type of operation; which it likely doesn't.
First, *United States v. Gorshkov* is an instance of the FBI executing searches internationally without a warrant. SCOTUS upheld. Unless the FBI already had cause to believe that the server's owner operator had some Fourth Amendment protections, no Court is going to throw evidence out because the team didn't take the formal step of applying for a warrant they certainly would have been granted.
Second, even an injection into the CAPTCHA of an Application Layer exploit does not necessarily constitute a "search" so it is unclear what right Ulbricht could assert was infringed. It might constitute a violation of the CFAA if it were done by a private citizen, but law enforcement is allowed to break laws in the course of its duties. Ultimately, he could argue that a lot of the $SERVER variables might be considered private, but its very difficult to argue that anyone ever has a reasonable expectation of privacy over an IP address, given the way the internet operates. You have the right to obfuscate, but the government also has the right to locate; the same way ones right to privacy does not necessarily preclude the government from asking your name (or a variety of other related acts).
Interesting analysis, but more likely it is the FBI attempting to obfuscate its investigatory techniques; not cover up something illegal. Remember, while it might cause outrage, the NSA hacking the Silk Road and modifying it in a way to leak information to the FBI would not necessarily even make the FBI's evidence inadmissible.
My guess is its to hide the reality from future potential targets, and eventually in Court it will be released, or discussed in closed session. Only Ulbricht and his team actually have the right to know how it was done.
@_date: 2014-05-19 06:48:34


Haha. Are you delusional? Your court documents clearly show otherwise.
@_date: 2014-06-15 23:23:00
He's not in jail yet?
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:29:01
This isn't an extreme position... but if you believe it is, I am indeed serious.
It would be difficult to detain someone for having a brainwallet, but not difficult to prosecute them for exiting the country with the keys, spending or transferring the bitcoin while overseas, and avoiding US reporting requirements etc...
Perhaps in the future we'll have the technology to monitor or read brain wallets, but we don't now.
@_date: 2017-03-22 17:04:28
Why are we listening to this convicted felon and money launderer?
Guy is a stain on the community.
@_date: 2016-01-29 00:49:56
$10 billion in spending in less than 2 months? What?
@_date: 2017-01-10 15:55:55
If you're using Bitcoin, you really have no business participating in the structured US financial system, nor should you expect it to have any interest in catering to you.
Bitcoin fundamentally breaches KYC laws as well as US sovereignty.
Sorry, but I don't want you working with my bank — I'm glad they're getting rid of you.
@_date: 2017-01-02 09:14:09
Your pith is irrelevant.
@_date: 2016-12-26 23:12:33


Who cares? You're the one that associated debt, negative cash flow, poor budgeting and lack of financial planning with credit card use, which makes no sense.


Why do you think I think that? I said nothing of the sort. That said, if you're not using debt, you're probably a peasant, which it sounds like you are.
@_date: 2018-06-27 16:34:28
It's not an investment. You're straight gambling.
@_date: 2016-12-26 21:29:52


Using a platform to find a place to stay and agreeing to their terms of service, and then ignoring those terms of service in order to not pay the platform for the benefit they provided is the fucking definition of fraud.


That's not what using AirBNB is. If you go to a friend and say, "Hey can you find me a place to stay, I'll give you 10% of the fee." Then they turn around and find you a place, and you just pay the person directly and cut out your friend, that's fraud.
What is wrong with you?
@_date: 2016-12-26 20:23:36
If you don't have a debit or credit card, you shouldn't be using AirBNB. It creates a KYC risk for the lister and huge risk for neighbors, particularly in an apartment building.
Get a fucking credit card. If you don't or can't have one, I have no interest in associating with you.
@_date: 2017-01-02 09:28:17
Why not?
@_date: 2016-12-26 21:17:47


Well then don't use their platform to locate a property and don't agree to their terms of service. Your only lawful recourse is to simply not use the service. 
If you want to throw out contract law, then AirBNB gets to set up its own enforcement strategies, which includes shooting you when you try to go around its back. That's capitalism, do you like that?


No it isn't. You agreed to terms, you used a service and got the benefit, and then are reneging on the terms. It is fraud.


What? I have one of the best educations money can buy.


@_date: 2016-12-28 06:55:02
You're not Facebook's customer, you're the product. Facebook's customers, advertisers, do pay Facebook quite a bit to connect them with you.
@_date: 2016-12-26 20:34:51
Why are you defrauding a service you like?
@_date: 2019-08-12 08:16:54
Lucked out? Basic research and understanding of Intel and AMDs product lines would’ve told you the value would increase. This was an easy tech sector trade with little luck involved.
@_date: 2016-12-28 02:01:17
Uh, yes you did. Read the AirBNB TOS.






You and the other people in this thread supporting the idea of defrauding people are out of their minds.
They provide you a service, why the fuck would you not pay them for it.
@_date: 2016-12-28 02:26:58
BNB's carry commercial liability insurance. Your issue is that you're looking at homeowners / home-renters insurance divisions. Call the commercial division of any insurance company and they'll cover your commercial operations.
@_date: 2016-12-29 16:31:54
No, its that you're then in some way not doing something a normal BNB would do — like have a corporation set up to handle your liability and taxes.
@_date: 2016-12-26 22:11:43
You're not just paying for escrow. You're paying for the connection.
@_date: 2016-12-29 18:56:45
You are 100% doing something wrong. Commercial B&amp;B insurance is standard and easy to get.
@_date: 2019-08-12 08:12:13
BtC going to zero has no broader impact.
If the stock market goes to zero, people are fighting over food and governments and basic services are collapsing. The 2008 downtown resulted in the Federal Governmenr pulling out every weapon it had to prevent catestrophic collapse of social order.
@_date: 2016-11-14 17:36:04
Shrem's out of jail?
What a shame.
Not sure why anyone would have any interest in seeing this felon speak.
@_date: 2016-12-30 05:08:15
No they don't. And yes they can. They maintain control over the payment between you and a host you locate.
@_date: 2016-12-26 21:01:40


What the fuck are you talking about? AirBNB makes money off of processing the transaction between you and the host. They take their fee from it.
How do you give AirBNB enough money if you're cutting them out?


So you're committing fraud.
@_date: 2016-12-26 22:55:32


So then why did you deny that you're committing fraud?
You can play the system as much as you want, but it inevitably has consequences — either to you, or to the system. 


I mean, its top notch by almost any objective or subjective measure — I went to a top prep school, have two ivy league degrees,  and no education debt.


Its not about moral principles — its about being a rational actor in a complex economic system. I have no problem paying for value and by doing so I signal to other actors that I am a trustworthy participant in our economy. Personally, if you asked me for that type of under the table arrangement I'd report you to AirBNB and request you be banned from the platform. The only reason your previous hosts haven't is because of their own myopic short term greed.
@_date: 2016-11-14 19:22:16


What does the stress and interruption of his life or business have anything to do with anything?
He broke the law. He's a money launderer who was participating in the massive criminal syndicate which was the Silk Road. He could have gotten life.


That's not what he failed to do. He got a sweetheart plea deal.




Do you have any evidence of a crime?


Bitcoin is fundamentally incompatible with State sovereignty. Any involvement with it should be criminalized.
@_date: 2016-12-29 20:35:03
Literally any major insurance company will sell you this as long as you're not doing something illegal. My guess is you use your LLC for something other than your AirBNB property and didn't set it up just for running a hotel — which at that point makes it impossible for an underwriter to know what your business is actually doing.
I have no idea exactly what you're doing, how your companies are constructed, your accounting practices, etc...
But again, as I said, you're definitely doing something wrong because otherwise you can just Google this shit.
@_date: 2016-12-29 21:53:31
How do you get to the point of telling them you share spaces with guests before you tell them what you're doing?
If you're getting an insurance quote you'd have to tell them the name of your company and what industry you're in, "Comp21's Bed &amp; Breakfast" and that you need commercial general liability and innkeepers insurance. Then they start asking you questions — you're either answering something wrong or not being clear about what you're trying to purchase.
@_date: 2016-12-20 20:29:53
Haha. This is naive.
He's going to ban unsigned encrypted packets and make the entire internet whitelist only.
@_date: 2016-12-26 20:51:40


What are you talking about? I make about $500k/yr, my debt is related to businesses and appreciating assets. I rarely carry cash and have a credit score over 850. You realize debt is not actually a bad thing right? If you mean consumer debt specifically, sure, that's bad, but if you're debt free it likely means you're a peasant.
I spend $5-10k/month on credit cards because its incredibly convenient, puts a safety check between me and vendors, provides me with price protection on large purchases, travel insurance, and a bunch of other random benefits like access to airport clubs, as well as at least 1% of whatever built in fees returned in benefits.
The cards also give vendors confidence in *me.* They know I'm good for it, they know who I am, I know who they are, and our agreement is covered by the strong body of US law.


Uh, yeah no. Using credit cards doesn't mean you carry a balance, and literally doesn't mean anything about what you said.
If you're renting an apartment from one of my neighbors (which is illegal to begin with), I need to know exactly who the fuck you are — the idea that you could rent anonymously is absolutely ridiculous.
@_date: 2019-02-14 23:07:39
Whose telling people to leave?
I'm pointing out you have the ability to leave, and therefore your participation is voluntary.
@_date: 2015-08-29 21:25:04
Yes. If you know someone is a terrorist, or do something that will knowingly aid someone who could be a terrorist, you're done.
@_date: 2019-02-09 21:58:34
Why is it sick and unfair? Absent the structure you would probably make pennies.
If you don't like it, leave. Modern western democracies are voluntary. It's not confiscated— you agreed to it.
@_date: 2015-08-18 05:52:46
What you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.
@_date: 2015-08-31 23:07:41
Good luck carrying more than $10k worth through US Customs without disclosing. See what happens.
@_date: 2015-08-13 04:23:00
I don't have my exclusive right of distribution.
Just because you don't know what's being stolen, doesn't mean something hasn't been taken from me.
@_date: 2015-08-22 01:32:18
No such thing as a white hat unless you are specifically contracted by the company to do penetration testing.
Otherwise, vulnerability research that involves penetrating or manipulating someone elses systems is for all intents, purposes, and effects, cybercrime. 
@_date: 2015-08-12 22:47:16
This has nothing to do with Bitcoin. This has to do with you being a selfish fuck. You can use a credit card to buy content. You're talking about Louis CK direct releasing. Which is different.


Are you fucking kidding me you piece of shit?
We made the choice about signing with distributors, about contracts with production companies, recording studios, managers, advertisers, representatives, etc...
We get the same cut of revenue that a Start Up Founder ends up getting in Equity.
But some how because we made a choice to get our media out through certain channels, you think its okay to take the content I create and the 10-20% cut from my family's mouths? To deprive me of my legally protected right to exclusive distribution?
Fuck you.
Louis CK is a well known, established, professional comedian who doesn't need to go through channels and give other people a cut. But some people do, and sometimes, some people just don't want to deal with the added complexity.
Build your own website to sell your downloadable content, have your own production company make it, edit it yourself, or, just partner with a company that does it and get a take?
It's all an individual choice and who gave you the fucking right to make it for me.


How do you know that? Because you direct paid his website? You don't know what the structure behind that is. Who's getting what cut. You're out of your mind.


You know these people actually do things. Idiot.
If you spend time listening to, watching, or using my content, then my content has non zero value because of the time value you have spent consuming it. So as far as I'm concerned, you owe me, and the rest is a negotiation about what the price is. And content is distributed at every price, from $15 for a ticket day of, to $20 for a Blu-Ray, to a few dollars for an on-demand digital download or on a plane, all the way down to add supported and free. But whichever channel you choose, make no mistake, you have a moral, ethical, and legal obligation to choose one that compensates me, and that I have agreed to. Otherwise you are taking from me.
God your insane.
@_date: 2015-08-10 14:47:32
Under what theory, should the Government not be allowed to access any of your data if it has warrant?
This is a basic component of living under a social contract.
@_date: 2015-08-14 22:27:18
It's like a $5000 fee. If you don't have that on hand, you don't have the resources to be involved in transmitting people's money or financial instruments. This is no different than being a money transmitter in terms of financial requirements.
I have no idea what start ups you think this is going to preclude. Bad ones? Hobbyists?
Transmitting money in and out of the world's most financially important jurisdiction isn't a right, it's a privilege. I welcome these regulations. There won't be any Mt. Gox bullshit happening here.
@_date: 2015-08-15 08:45:28


What the hell are you talking about?


Majority of people where? The 20 million people in New York who have elected our representatives to tell you to obey our regulations?
I have no idea what's going on.
I am completely confused by what you're saying.
@_date: 2015-08-14 20:34:32


I am a New York Resident. The internet allows anyone on the planet to do business with me. However, if they do business with me, they are subject to New York Law, just as I am subject to the laws of where you are located if I do business with you.
This is not particularly controversial.
If you don't want to adhere to my government's regulation, that's fine with me. You can not do business with me. I really don't care. I care more about you conforming to proper financial services regulatory laws, and frankly, if you can't be bothered to comply with BitLicense, I wouldn't want to do business with you in the first place.
@_date: 2015-08-30 23:02:53
This is wrong. The code to access a wallet acts like a bearer instrument - like a stock certificate or bond. If you did not disclose the import/export of the asset and it was over 10k it could be seized.
@_date: 2019-12-23 14:17:48
What volume do you think goes through our banking system every year?
Here’s ONLY commercial automated clearinghouse Transactions:
That’s 26 trillion dollars in one part of the Banking system. 
So at 300 billion you’re looking at 1.5% in transactions of this one sector.
@_date: 2019-12-23 19:27:26
You made an anecdotal assertion about your experience and your friends. It was therefore necessary to know more about you.
That’s not a personal attack- at least not in the invalid sense of an ad hominem. Remember there’s a difference between don’t listen to this guy on foreign policy because he’s fat and don’t listen to this guy on weight loss routines because he’s fat.
One’s relevant one’s not. Learn logic.
Here’s a quick article showing how Vermont was hoping to address the obvious liability issue: 
It’s tough to provide you more without walking you through a lot of US law. The way to look at is what the lawyer above says, it’s the pretty obvious outcome, even for just processing node transactions though you could argue safe-harbor there.... maybe.
There’s a reason a BTC ETF and Coinbase are so fucking complicated here. And when was the last time you saw a US based pool?
Look we’re off base here - the point is that if you want to look at what’s more frequently used for shady shit, BTC way more tucked up than the banking system.
@_date: 2019-12-23 10:36:32
It’s a structural component of 21 million possible bitcoin and some fraction of each one being involved in something like a dark bet drug transaction.
It’s math.
@_date: 2019-12-23 04:46:45
Unaccounted for does not mean what you think it means.
This is a fairly silly interpretation of people holding cash reserves.
@_date: 2019-12-23 14:28:45
By cherry picking numbers that sound high and giving no context to the uninformed.
Commercial automated clearing transactions are at least $26 trillion. That’s one component of the banking system.
300 billion is a number used to target money launderers and advocate KYC. It is delivered that way so that we take steps to fix it. It is not a significant component of the actual financial system.
@_date: 2019-12-23 18:34:18
How many people benefit from the stability of the USD hegemony? Arguably everyone including the destitute, abused, and enslaved.
It’s a very difficult and complex argument to make negative claims about what the US and our fiscal policy has done to the world. Incredibly difficult. Especially when the US Constiution describes a government that was an intentional solution to the n-generals problem 300 plus years ago.
Bitcoin doesn’t even exist without the dollar, the internet, or America.
Don’t over simplify.
There is a narrow philosophical and economic argument to be made here in some rare conditions.
If you’re in the US / American, you should straight keep it shut.
@_date: 2015-07-04 02:34:55
It wasn't your money to begin with. Besides, this is pretty obviously an attempt to manipulate the July 5th vote.
@_date: 2019-12-23 06:53:38
Why? How not? There are only 21 million. Once they’re mined how many transactions does it take for them to be passed before it takes for one to be illicit?
Why would you call it dumb?
@_date: 2015-08-22 02:07:44


Why are you explaining that to me?
I understand this. They are still criminals and should expect to end up in jail for their actions.


Because most cybersecurity laws are not specific intent crimes, but rather statutory violations.


Why would any of us pretend anything is secure? I really don't know what you're getting at here.


That's not illegal. Hacking is.
@_date: 2015-07-02 06:30:55
Actually, the original claim you say he doesn't understand is based on a fundamental misunderstanding of US law, and what actually caused these processing companies to cease doing business with Backpage.
Or, rather than misunderstanding, an incomplete knowledge.
There are a lot of "know your customer" requirements for financial institutions. Reminding VISA or MasterCard of their legal obligations isn't tortious interference when the government is the one doing it. These companies likely looked at their books and decided the trial exposure was not worth the revenue. End of story.
The user understood the argument. It's just a bad argument.
@_date: 2019-12-26 08:19:44
You’re laughing at the idea of me telling you to educate yourself on basic liability? Cool.
You’ve repeatedly demonstrated a poor command of logic.
For example, your jump to Toyota is non-parallel. Toyota doesn’t directly sell their vehicles to terrorists or even participate in a collective endeavor. It’s fairly complicated how ISIS or similar acquire vehicles. There are import/export controls and a common economic sanction when a state cannot effectively execute sovereignty is restricting automotive imports. They actually love Toyota trucks because they’re so reliable and don’t require an ongoing relationship.
A Bitcoin pool participant is literally and directly contributing to an economic endeavor. There’s no basic liability shield.
You in fact are a terrorist.
Precedent and sources are listed. You just don’t want to do the homework.
Is one example of an expansion used but José Padilla is the most directly applicable reference that comes to mind.
All you’re doing is name calling. Keep at it.
Right or wrong in your accusations about my own issues with personal success or societal validation, you are and will always be wrong about the legal and moral viability of Bitcoin.
And you are definitionally a terrorist.
@_date: 2015-07-02 06:46:05
Is chargebacks alone an issue? For example, if you don't dispute a chargeback, is there real risk to the credit card processor?
14.5% suggest a huge default rate, but that includes your attempt to collect. Since you're selling a more or less intangible product, why such a high default rate?
I'm curious. I direct commercials so I'm not
Oblivious to the concerns of content theft, but I want to understand this cost of your business.
@_date: 2015-07-02 06:08:57
Why is your transaction fee 14.5%? Is there a significant amount of fraud with porn sites? I'm genuinely curious given normative rates are much lower.
@_date: 2015-07-13 23:56:00


As a freedom from the financial structure that is deeply embedded within governments, not from the sovereign power and authority of the government itself.
One is reasonable and pragmatic, the other is treasonous / seditious.


Freedom and living in a nation state cannot co-exist. You have limited freedoms as outlined by your nation state and its constitutive documents and population.
He said "a new territory of freedom" not freedom itself. I don't think avoiding capital controls are specifically the new territory he was discussing, but it's tough to understand the context on that website, especially because the parent post doesn't actually quote the text. Could you provide a reference where he clarifies that is his meaning?


It does follow. That is inherent to the entire concept of sovereignty.


If the Public Library created those terms as part of going inside it, and there were no supervening authority, such as the US Federal Government as codified in the US Constitution which limited the Public Library's ability to make such a claim, then of course those terms would be enforceable. You don't have to go inside the library, and even if the library is built up around you, as long as you have the option to leave, there is no real issue here.
Most people would no longer think the term public library meaningfully descriptive if such terms were imposed, so its again silly to use a term like that, and of course it fails the same way the Mafia fails since there are many supervening entities over a Public Library, and the library makes no effort to practice sovereignty.
@_date: 2015-07-06 14:50:05
The importance of understanding this article comes from understanding which finance firms BNP Paribas' analyst admitted could be threatened, exactly what part of Bitcoin the article refers to, and what the article is and where it was published.
BNP Paribas' analyst (not the bank itself) is discussing specifically the application of blockchain like technology (i.e. fast, efficient, cryptographically protected public ledger technology) would hurt securities trading firms.
He's not discussing the complete and total destruction of the global financial system, existing currencies, or even banks, or even the financial sector as we know it.
It's a speculative meditation on how the type of technology that could create certain types of efficiencies, and make certain business models and services either redundant, or more efficient.
No one has really ever argued this, and this is not a particularly controversial view to take. In fact, even NASDAQ is exploring the use of blockchain-like technology (and the article mentions this).
It's not a legitimization of Bitcoin in the way it appears a lot of commenters here want to take it.
@_date: 2019-12-23 17:49:03
You participate in a pool, correct?
You don’t get a single Bitcoin. You get part of one. That Bitcoin likely is tainted in some way..
Also, that’s anecdotal nonsense. 
Look into the concept of Color.
By the way - when you open an argument with a statement like, you’re so wrong it’s laughable, you’re likely the person who doesn’t know shit about what they’re talking about.
You recently asked a question about the economics of your family paying for university, and you’re 25 and live in Kazakhstan.
You are not mining in any functional capacity that matters, nor is your social network relevant to this conversation.
I live in NYC, am in my 30s, have two ivy degrees, have a job / career and investments that clear way more than crypto would get me through “mining” against Chinese hydro powered farms with ASICs, oh, and am friends with and went to school with a bunch of the people you likely worship in not only the startup but also the crypto community.
I sold my coin years ago when it peaked. So not only do I know what I’m taking about given I have a degree and 10 years of experience, I have a bit more faith in myself believing it’s a dumb fad that runs counter to state sovereignty over the idiocy of someone from Khazakstan, and when you’re in my position, yeah, you want the US to be hegemon.
Good luck blowing natural resources to solve a meaningless math problem with no actual economic purpose. Hope that’s fun for you. You’re trying to win the lottery if it pops. 
Go finish school and build something useful. You’re way more likely to succeed.
@_date: 2019-12-23 14:06:17
That’s not true. Treasury knows exactly what’s out there absent what’s physically destroyed without their knowledge but that’s not huge and there are models for estimating what gets eaten by mice without being reported. There is a digital balance and a physical cash balance. Your comment is just absurd.
You really don’t understand what the Fed does and how central banks control monetary supply. A lot of people care a lot and the way the Fed worlds it’s power to print money impacts our entire global economy.
I agree about who cares where exactly most of the cash we’ve printed sits or floats around. That’s why this is a dumb article to post here.
It actually demonstrates one of the problems with BTC unless the initial 800k tokens are handed over to a central governance entity. Flexible monetary supply is a big deal because money isn’t a store of value, it’s a trust proxy.
The US solved the n-generals problem with the checks and balances of the President and Congress and Judiciery, making it a 66.7% attack not a 51% attack.
That the US secures it’s debt with the output of its economy completely changed the way the world functions- the new king used to default, creating massive risk, volatility, and incentive for war to recover a loan.
But I don’t know what BTC secures itself against.
People who love this stuff don’t really understand what’s going on and are just mad about taxes, interest, or inflation devaluing their cash. But there are hedges for all of that, and not paying taxes is being a leech.
You need to understand why the US dollar is so important to global stability. And why something not tied to a sovereign or leviathan is a stupid idea. Then we’ll talk.
@_date: 2019-12-23 18:23:46
My comment was simplistic for the audience.
Your part of the Bitcoin becomes tainted because of the association with the other miners in the pool and their segments of the coin developing a tainted “Color” when another miner spends their allocation in a nefarious manner.
Basically your act of mining the coin with someone who uses their part of it for a criminal purpose creates a criminal conspiracy which then makes you liable for their actions and what they do with their coin.
This is similar to helping someone make money for their criminal enterprise, or wire money from A to B to help a shoe bomber or to acquire radiological materials, say Jose Padilla.
You literally become responsibly for financial support of terrorism the way he did. This is less likely to get you charged but the US will pick you up and hold you indefinitely.
More commonly, the participation in the criminal economic enterprise could expose you to liability for drug charges which don’t require your overt knowledge.
There’s also the likely KYC or KYP requirements of the US Code which you’ve violated.
You’re making an argument you don’t know anything about. It’s why the US Bitcoin companies, trusts, and mining pools operate in a very different way so as not to create RICO liability.
I’m fairly certain I know way more about Bitcoin mining and the theory behind it than anyone but maybe 10-20 people in this forum. You’re not someone to be explaining shit to me.
The argument to be had is purely philosophical and you’ve indicated you want to call me names rather than have that debate.
You literally invoked yourself and your friends who are miners / those you know, meaning what you mine is exactly relevant to the validity of my point since 1) I’m not making a categorical where the exception destroys my point but a broad generalization about likelihood’s and a comparison between abuse of two systems, and 2) you don’t have the operational scale to be doing mining where you don’t have to worry about anonymous participants in a pool screwing you. Your made your experience relevant by invoking it.
You have a delusional understanding of facts, US law, the fundamental structure of not only protocol layers of the internet, but physical layers, and what happens when you impact a piece of data stored on a US server.
My comment about my background is a rejoinder to your anecdotal invocation.
It’s also intended to demonstrate that while you may often be arguing with a dog in a tutu dress, sometimes you end up arguing with one of the people that actually knows what the fuck they’re talking about.
It’s to encourage you to take a step back and listen. I’m not bragging. I’m telling you I’m right.
But sure. I’m in here from the capital of humanity to get sycophantic praise from someone half way around the world.
@_date: 2015-07-13 20:16:36


No it wasn't, and if you think this you're a threat and not helpful to the bitcoin economy.
As long as you participate in and enjoy the benefits of a Nation State, it is going to have control over all capital within it. You have no personal sovereignty, and your assets are only yours in a limited sense.
@_date: 2019-12-24 20:05:30
I didn’t make you do anything.
Stop playing the victim. 
You don’t have a basic education and are incapable of honest debate. You don’t understand US law. You didn’t read the article or don’t understand what it was saying about a de facto general partnership, or coordinated commercial activity. Go to law school. This is common knowledge but you’re asking me to educate a five year old.
I told you to think- and realize a basic axiom of this conversation. That I’m right. And if not we have the force projection capability to change reality to make sure that I am right. I’ve had this argument dozens of times and I have never lost.
Your last paragraph indicates you have no idea what the fuck you are talking about.
Because yes of course you’re liable. You fucking helped solve the equation. Are you stupid? if a terrorist is involved in the pool you’re ABSOLuTELY supporting terrorism. Oh, you only supported terrorism a little bit? I guess that’s okay.
I watched my city burn when I was 18. I hope we nuke everyone who helps any terrorist from orbit. And anyone who mines with a terrorist, is a terrorist.
Your friends killed 3000 of my peers. So in a pool of 10,000 you’re responsible for blowing off one of my friends legs? And you think you’re the victim of name calling?
You’re a terrorist.
Jesus. Luckily we have drones for this shit.
That’s how you win an argument. Finish college and learn how to debate. Then come back.
@_date: 2019-12-23 05:11:27
100% of all bitcoins are likely to be involved in an illicit activity.
Try transactions. Plus most transactions don’t involve physical bills anymore.
@_date: 2015-08-12 17:04:13
Our economy is more or less the size of Russia's.
We don't give a fuck.
Comply with our regulations or leave.
@_date: 2019-04-11 16:50:08


What did he reveal that you had right or need to know?
He executed a concerted anti-American smear and spy campaign for over a decade and caused us hundreds of billions in losses.


Name one thing.
@_date: 2015-07-27 08:04:49
I've been with them since HS, my parents have been with them for 30+ years, and we both have significant assets, so my guess is we have a preferred rate based on those schedules.
VISA publishes their rates daily, so if you have a card that doesn't add additional fees, it's a pretty good deal and comparable to currency exchange markets. Only OANDA is likely to be better, but that is for transactions of over a million USD.
Edit: 
@_date: 2019-04-11 17:04:43
Collateral Murder itself was a fucking lie he fabricated. Are you kidding me? That's what he's being indicted over. He fucking lied and hurt us. Guy is scum.
@_date: 2019-12-23 13:27:02
Fractions? Statistics?
It’s highly unlikely that over any extended period of time any single Bitcoin will not be a participant in an illegal transaction. Stop making me repeat the obvious.
If you live in the US or any of your data packets transit the US or any server in the US then you are subject to US law.
The decentralized nature of the Bitcoin ledger itself and authentication of transactions subjects you to US criminal code and jurisdiction. While you may want to argue against this point, no one trying you in the US or the West will care.
Your claim that it is subjective is no different than claiming any transaction is subjective to the parties with legal jurisdiction or the physical ability to execute.
The crime is a crime to the US. Even if Russia or Venezuela won’t extradite.
As to a fraction of each Bitcoin; that’s exactly what dice / scramblers etc.. do.
Look into the concept of Color where you look into provenance and history of an asset, including crypto. I don’t care to check but I’m confident in my assertion that over time, unless someone holds the entirety of a single coin, a coin is going to end up at least partially involved in an illegal or questionable transaction. It’s an inevitability, the same way our bills get cocaine on them except when we replace them.
Why do you even bother arguing with me?
@_date: 2015-07-27 06:21:00
Chase charges less than $10 for international money transfers. On such a large amount, why not just use the traditional banking system?
@_date: 2019-12-23 13:37:18
1- JFC doesn’t mean anything. Clarify.
2- Yes the current administration is corrupt and more corrupt than predecessors. What’s your point?
My point is that strong crypto gives you the ability to hide an asset from a warrant or court order in a way that it is far more difficult to do with cash, gold, etc... Even the favorite trope of art as money laundering still has records and we know where the art is and can confiscate it.
Bitcoin creates serious problems with capital controls (well sort of, it’s like how idiots thought Tor was secure despite it being proven otherwise about a decade before people really used it). Governments can still track, they just cannot confiscate or freeze easily.
As to your last paragraph, I honestly don’t know what the point is. Being anti-crypto has nothing to do with Trump.
@_date: 2016-02-04 02:26:42
You have no right to own anything outside the State.
@_date: 2019-12-23 10:14:01
And the mined coin sold to cover expenses isn’t then a participant in something nefarious?
I’m done with this argument because I’m right only because the original point is structured in such a dumb way as to only be right if I am also right and likely- more right.
As I said above, look at transactions. 
The argument comes from a measure of statistical contamination of bills with scheduled drugs.
It’s a dumb argument. That someone would take issue with my comment indicates a fundamental lack of education.
@_date: 2019-04-11 19:41:48


Because we were kicked out of Iraq right after the leak of the State Department cables and lost a shit ton of oil revenue. We spent even more on that war and didn't get our due.
Plus there were deals with France and others which fell through.
Actions have consequences, and when your company's can't get their revenue the person who caused the incident— Assange needs to be held responsible.


What? Your logic here is terrible and nonsensical. Yes it goes to all sorts of things, but that has nothing to do with what the cost was.


What? WikiLeaks is a component of the Russian government.


Um... I think you're confusing stuff. But of course smart TV's have microphones. And most the malware PC type stuff was Snowden and it hurt us really badly.


You mean the video he edited to make it look bad, only when we saw the real video we saw what a professional job the helicopter pilots did?
Yeah, war sucks. But we know that and you don't get to manipulate people about a clean engagement.


He is a Russian agent. Those videos don't show anything improper.


Ugh. See this is why Assange is such a prick. The kids in the van weren't killed, They were injured. The pilots did not know they were in the van. The van is visible in the long version of the video and is part of the insurgent forces, helping wounded, but not displaying medical markings. Its a legitimate target. When our troops arrived on site the pilots actually told the ground commander that it looked like there might be a kid moving around in the van— they immediately rendered medical assistance.
That level of discipline and rendering of assistance is very American.


You don't even have your basic facts straight. It was a clean shoot.


All of his actions and releases are anti-West and pro-Russian.
He's also been outspokenly anti-American.


I live in NYC— it does undermine my security, and some of its true, but some of its lies. And even the stuff that is true governments don't release publicly usually because all governments have secrets— no one wants their diplomatic cables released, that's universal and I have no issue with not knowing that stuff.


I can't follow this. Of course I want my interests represented and protected. That's what I fucking pay hundreds of thousands in taxes for.


Not really. I mean what the fuck was the guy doing out during a curfew and associating with insurgents? The guy was a combatant.


Saddam Hussein? Sure. He was a bad guy.


You're comparing him to two traitors. One of whom was convicted and repented.


They both have the blood of Americans on their hands.
@_date: 2016-02-16 04:42:02
The irony of posting this here. This is exactly why I like fiat and credit cards. Dispute the charge; no liability.
@_date: 2016-02-17 20:42:39
They, and Tim Cook, will not be able to keep it up for long.
@_date: 2016-02-17 21:29:33
You don't think Apple's going to be forced to capitulate?
@_date: 2015-07-02 06:20:50
As someone else said, you're out of your mind.
In the US you need to show actual malice. You can't get to slander, libel, or defamation.
What you are looking for is tortious interference. And then you have to overcome the States qualified immunity.
As said, yours is one of the stupidest legal theories I've ever seen put forward. It's impressive in his stupid it is. I'm not being mean, it's just the ramblings of a five year old with no legal education.
The fundamental problem you can't get around, is what are basically "know your customer" laws. These follow due process, and what is happening is that the DoJ talks to credit card
Processors and asks is they know their customers. For example, Backpage. Since these processors don't know where the revenue comes from, they realize they would become liable if the DoJ pursued action.
This isn't slander, it's not libel, it's not defamation, and it's not tortuous interference.
It's these companies wanting to comply with US law and realizing one of their clients cant provide the necessary information.
Hope this helps. Explain to me why we shouldn't know where back pages money comes from?
@_date: 2019-04-11 16:17:37
A cartel figure need not ever enter the US to break our laws if you induce action inside the US— murder for hire, drug trafficking, even money laundering. If your action has an impact inside the US (inducing Manning to spy) then of course you fall under our jurisdiction.
I am not sure what evidence of a war crime you think he published.
He went to war with the United States, induced espionage, released illegally obtained materials and lied about their contents / manufactured a false narrative (in collateral murder— a clean and straightforward proportional close air support engagement consistent with the rules of engagement at the time against a positively identified target with hostile intent).
He has directly incited violence against the US and cost our country hundreds of billions of dollars if not more.
If that embassy were anywhere other than London, we would have launched a hellfire through that window years ago. We took out our own citizen, Awlaki for far less years ago.
He is a criminal, a hostile terrorist, hostile non-state actor, and at some point became an asset of Russian intelligence. He is lucky to be subject to arrest and extradition and not simply being removed by our military.
Living in the small room was his choice and self-imposed.
Your position on him is untenable and unacceptable.
@_date: 2015-07-13 22:55:41




How are you interpreting that statement to mean he invented it to help people avoid capital controls? 


Yours is a basic an-cap argument which at its core rests on the hypocrisy and incoherence of the non-aggression principle. You are using a word which is not innately prejudicial (Mafia), but is prejudicial within our current social contract and social norms, and asking us to use our normative reaction to while treating it as though it is parallel to our current concept of government when it is not— our government includes a variety of different components which are non parallel to the mob.
I don't really feel like going through all of Huemer's shortcomings with you right now. (His opening thought experiments re. vigilantism are just wrong because in the village he creates, the residents wouldn't think it was necessarily wrong for the person to act this way; it is only a resident of our modern village, i.e. the US or similar, that would think such actions are wrong— you can't strip only parts of society away, and keep the parts you like; Rand makes the same mistake when she wants to enforce property rights and inheritance, but not social contract obligations). Ultimately, you get to the point where you need something like the non-aggression principle at the foundation; the idea that in the State of Nature there is something which stops me from basically doing what I want to you and saying that say, randomly killing you is wrong.
The problem is that in the State of Nature, nothing is right or wrong, it just is. It is only a context with other human beings which makes it wrong; and that's why every an-cap argument fails.
@_date: 2016-02-04 02:37:35
How so? It can imprison you or worse.
@_date: 2016-02-17 22:30:37


You are high. It doesn't matter where the money is. It will be frozen. All of Apple's C-Suite are Americans and can and will be arrested if necessary. The US also has 11 carrier battle groups whereas Apple has none.
Why does no one fucking play this out in their heads?


No there won't. And if they do, they will go the same way. This is fundamental to the concept of state sovereignty. Apple is making a play at corporate sovereignty. They need to be crushed.


You're missing how dangerous a move it is to the US Government.
@_date: 2016-02-04 01:24:10
But it's not your money. You don't have sovereignty. Its always the State's money, you're given a limited license of allocation.
@_date: 2015-07-03 16:10:58
What about XKeyscore are you alleging is illegal under US law?
@_date: 2015-07-27 07:00:21
Chase charges me $9.95. I have both business and personal accounts. Perhaps I have a preferential rate, but that's what it is for me.
Additionally, this person isn't going to do better than 2% using Bitcoin.
What I would actually do is put it in a US based bank account, and then send them a debit card for the account, and authorize it's use in India. You could keep it in USD and get the prevailing rate. Or even use a US Credit Card with cashback / rewards and free international use. I have a CapitalOne card which gives me great rates and completely free international use.
@_date: 2019-12-31 19:07:42
No one makes that claim about Toyota supporting terrorist except for idiots. It’s completely illogical and has no basis in law or fact.
You again made up a random claim / argument and attributed it to me because you cannot win this debate. It was literally designed so I couldn’t lose.
BTC pool mining is fucking co-operative event. You see to not understand my argument and the logical chain.
I’m telling you to go to law school because you don’t have the basic login cap factultirs and knowledge to know how to have this discussion let alone advance a point.
You don’t understand what I’ve said.
It’s like trying to debate algebra with a child who hasn’t learned how to multiply and divide.
Providing hardware which you don’t know what the person is going to do with doesn’t make you liable.
Think about a gun. Though in some senses this is flexible and more about prosecutorial discretion and the likelihood of jury nullification.
I’m done with the rest of this. I’m in Vegas for the New Year and can’t believe I’ve even wasted my time with you. 
My current problem is figuring out whether to buy a girl a $6k piece of jewelry so she stops yelling at me but I dropped $40k last night because I had to split aces four times against a 6.
You’re delusional and a peasant.
@_date: 2016-02-16 13:56:02
So? I said I wasn't liable for the charge, not that there was no ultimate cost. Society carries the burden of financial crime and therefore there is a collective incentive to prevent and punish it. I have no issue with this.
@_date: 2019-01-08 14:11:20
That has literally nothing to do what the Yellow Jackets movement is about.
@_date: 2019-01-11 21:16:22
Musk's wealth has nothing to do with Tesla's ability to "HODL." His wealthy is actually far more from SpaceX than Tesla.
You're idea is stupid.
@_date: 2019-01-08 17:41:51
No — the origin of the movement was economic in nature, just like Brexit, and then it was stoked, manipulated and expanded by foreign powers with a vested interest in driving internal fractures within the rest, primarily Russia.
It's called two level game theory, and its why we negotiate trade deals in secret.
Tribalism, culturalism, and xenophobia, and a nationalism based in some aesthetic, are inherently racist. You know that right?
It's not actually a legitimate argument to want to preserve your culture and nation if the vast majority of people in your nation want an open melting pot.
@_date: 2019-01-08 22:49:03


Sure, and? Those aren't movements. Those are isolated incidents, and they're not pro-nationalist, anti-immigration.
They are by and large against carbon, oil, or other types of taxes and fees imposed by their own governments.




That's simply not true. You're delusional. Voter fraud basically doesn't exist in this country. Provide some evidence.


You're losing it.


Given the structure of which seats were up for election, that was to be expected.
Illegals don't vote. There was no voter fraud.


Putin has been highly effective.


Nah. I'm fine.
@_date: 2019-01-09 23:25:29


Which part? The vast majority of what I posted above is fact.
1) Fact: Manafort shared non-public campaign targeting data with Konstantin Kilimnik, a former GRU agent with continuing ties, with the idea it be passed to Oleg Deripaska and Cambridge Analytica. Manafort's lawyers submitted documents to US Federal Court yesterday admitting to as much. Deripaska is a close associate of Putin's, and subject to US sanctions, which the Trump Administration recently lifted. This is a clear example of a high ranking member of the Trump Campaign (the Campaign Manager) conspiring with Russian operatives to influence the 2016 US Presidential Election. This is not opinion. These are facts.
2) Fact: So far, no claim in the Steele Dossier has been proven false. Some have been proven true. (
3) Mueller has charged, convicted, or extracted guilty pleas from a number of people involved with Trump and his Campaign— 
What of this is based on opinion?


What is the false premise?


Which part of it? Which specific narrative? There are a number of different threads and accusations.
Trump has had significant dealings with Russia for the last 30 years since he burned his financial bridges in the US. I am open to your argument but you're just making claims in the face of overwhelming evidence in US Court filings, guilty pleas, video evidence, etc...


Sure they do. What specifically do you think they are accused of that they do not have the power to do? 
Look into two level game theory and how western republics are exposed to influence from foreign powers. Look into active measures.
And remember, either Facebook and Google advertising works and changes minds, or, it doesn't work and two of the most valuable companies on the planet are worthless, and people spend advertising dollars on them for no reason.
They are incredibly effective, especially when you have complex psychographic models of users— which we know Cambridge Analytica had (they boasted about it in the run up to and after the election). They even at one point advertised their capabilities in their own marketing materials.


No, they are not. China is often blamed. There are other actors in the world.
Blaming someone for something they actually did, by the way, is not wrong.
Putin has been seeking to return Russia to superpower status, and restore the glory of the USSR for his entire career. This is no secret.
What's troubling is your denial of facts.


No such grassroots wave exists. Posing nationalist vs. globalist is a bizarre world view, and makes me question whether or not you are American.


Attack the media in the US as one collective is nonsensical. FoxNews and MSNBC have clear bias. CNN does not, nor does BBC News, Axios, Washington Post, and the NY Times. Generally the bias is limited to opinion pages, clearly demarcated as opinion. The journalism is mostly limited to fact— while there could be some marginal implicit bias in the editorial nature of what's covered, its not particularly significant. (That, is opinion, but reasoned and opened to debate, as opposed to your hyperbole.)


Nope. You're denying basic facts and supporting a President who is clearly compromised.
You've also elsewhere fundamentally contradicted yourself, by thinking that wanting the US to remain white is not racist. I think somewhere you said that the US was built by white people. Ironically, the South was built by black slaves.
You're delusional at best, and maliciously anti-American at worst. Good luck with that.
@_date: 2019-01-08 10:06:22
You're aware that the Yellow Vests are a Putin / FSB backed anti-Western, anti-NATO, pro-authoritarian, pro-neo-fascist proxy movement.
You don't want anything to do with them.
@_date: 2019-01-08 22:59:03


Redefined what words? What do you imagine my belief system is?


Globalism isn't a threat to me. Nor to you.
What exactly do you plan to do with your life? How do you plan to be productive?


You're bitter, delusional, jealous. And yes, I have a couple ivy degrees. Lets me process information far more adeptly than you do.
You're just mad I'm doing better than you.


What does that have to do with anything? 


Nah. We won the first civil war, we'll win the next one should it come to it. You have no money.
@_date: 2018-02-09 21:00:11
What have they been doing? Creating the technology and expertise that Space-X poached and tours as revolutionary while siphoning NASAs funding.
@_date: 2019-01-11 21:26:22
You have no idea what the Yellow Vests are about.
@_date: 2019-01-08 13:07:23
I'm an American who lives in NYC and makes about $500k/yr (non-investment). I'm cool with Western Hegemony— but most Americans benefit from US hegemony, and really so does a lot of the world. China's philosophy on sovereignty doesn't resemble anything like the West's or the post-Westphalian world order, so its not great.


Of course it is.


For all Americans and our allies. Not for our adversaries or anyone else.


Some nation States certainly do. NATO nations don't.


It has nothing to do with what I disagree with. I disagree with a great many things which I attribute to others, like the Koch's, or Mercers, etc... But those specific events I mentioned are his doing.
All these attacks on Western democracy and hegemony share distinct characteristics, in addition to significant pieces of physical evidence. They're also reflective what a rational and power hungry adversary would do.
One of many articles— 
I don't know what a reasonable person is, but to my fellow affluent well educated peers, my statements are non-controversial.
Not sure why you're so adamantly sticking your head in the ground.
FYI, Bitcoin and hard crypto are incompatible with state sovereignty and the rule of law. I cashed out at 18.7 a year ago. You shouldn't mess with this stuff anymore.
@_date: 2019-01-09 11:07:36
Who doesn’t respect the constitution?
What does “your culture” mean or have to do with anything? Our constitution is structured to create a society as tolerant open to and respectful of other cultures as possible. 
We are not a Christian nation. We don’t allow cultures of slavery and white supremacy to persist anymore. We still allow racists and white supremacists to exist, but we feel free to marginalize them and show them the door from public life.
How do you reconcile your view with mine? My family was here in 1620 and my father married my mothers Ellis island immigrant side.
We haven’t been overrun, we’ve been joined by like minded patriots.
Who is asking you to sacrifice anything? We’re telling you the reality of what’s coming.
From my ivory tower I can see further. Why would you be mad about the warning?
I’m not a threat. I’m telling you a flood is coming and you’re letting your children drown. 
I don’t drink soy milk. I drink bourbon. It baffles me that you people need to insult people like me to make yourselves feel better or think that I don’t know what I’m talking about or am against you.
I don’t care about globalism so much as I care about prosperity, and nationalism and protectionism doesn’t work anymore. Sure if you want another world war and to kill off billions that could help. But there are too many people on this planet to think that a nationalist approach is viable. 
You suppprt a President who conspired with our enemies and is hurting you daily. But no,
You’re mad at me.
Good job.
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:42:10


Being highly educated is not the same as being indoctrinated. Generally that idea comes from people who only have exposure to truly elite education through the media, and don't really understand what goes on at certain levels.
A lot of elite prep and private schools practice the Socratic method, where you use rational discourse and interrogation to come to conclusions by reading primary source materials, and understanding the issues inherent in secondary and tertiary materials; you become adept at recognizing bias and being able to form a conclusion from point clouds of multiple subjective opinions and interpretations.
Then, undergrad, universities and grad schools are for field specialization, as well as building networks. If you learn how to think properly, it often occurred before you get to an ivy, unless you did go to a more normal primary school which may adhere to a more Ford assembly line form of education.
I am very comfortable, but part of that comfortability allows me to travel, experience, and read.
It also gives me access— my friends are everything from tech founders and entrepreneurs, to State department / foreign service (CIA), to non-profit and think tanks.
Again, every dinner party, bar outing, discussion, includes data that modifies one's world view.
If you're not privileged enough to have found your way into these circles, its very easy to be seduced by the promise of Bitcoin, libertarian / anarchocapitalism, and the solutions these ideas pose.
However, if you're actually educated, you realize the N-generals problem was solved two hundred years ago by the United States Constitution, a document intended to not be susceptible to a 51% attack, but which increases the threshold to 67% with the checks and balances of the three branches of Government.
Hard crypto, and cryptocurrency, are incompatible with the idea of a sovereign state being sovereign; if the government cannot enforce a warrant against your communications or assets, then it is not functionally sovereign.
This is an intractable conflict which will eventually lead to a modification of the internet, communications systems, and how people are lawfully allowed to employ cryptographic technologies.
I am aware of the uses outside of the US; however, they're not valid and will be rendered useless within advanced producer services societies.


No thanks. I will bet on Bitcoin being more highly regulated and its use criminalized as far more likely than Chase collapsing.


No it won't. A collapse of the magnitude where a decentralized non-fiat currency becomes viable or desirable, is a situation where the internet ceases to function in a practical or accessible way.
While the ideas behind it might be useful in catestrophic situations and an evaporation of trust, it depends on a technology infrastructure which ceases to exist.
Also, insolvency of Western banks misunderstands how the Western banking system functions. There is no political will to allow insolvency, so it won't happen.


Highly beneficial to the US— like Vietnam. I can get into this in more detail if you want, but you can read Chomsky's discussion of denying the USSR a success. There were a wide number of reasons to enter Iraq, and the only reason its viewed negatively is anti-US propaganda, and that Assange / Manning caused us to lose our oil deals, which removed one of the many benefits. The Iraqi lives lost, remember, are basically irrelevant to the US decisional calculus.


Yes. That is the point. Destabilizing competition outside of NATO is good for the US and its allies.


And the long term, so long as we keep destabilizing regions and stomping on our adversaries.


I don't see him being every dark corner. And its around every dark corner. He would be behind a door, or similar. Is English your native language? That's an odd idiomatic error to make.
I only see him in the corners where he and his people indeed lurk. Many other issues are simply domestic, or related to China or other adversaries. But the ones I highlighted are in fact Russian anti-Western oeprations.


Sure; they can. But people can also have opinions which are factually wrong. And other people can have opinions which are not in the mainstream or widely discussed, but then given a platform and brought to the limelight by a foreign actor intending to cause division. People's concerns may be legitimate to some extent, but a few hundred people sharing them transforming into a viral movement often takes a push.
Look into two level game theory if you're curious; you'll understand more about how an adversary like Russia can shift a 70-30 issue like Brexit, to 49-51, and why they do it.
The people you probably know likely reflect some form of stereotype of limousine liberal, or Williamsburg SJ Warrior.
I'm an actually highly educated, incredibly liberal technocrat who borders on totalitarian fascism.
I know exactly what is going on, I know what I think we should be doing in order to continue our hegemonic dominance, and I understand what we've been doing for the last 80 years, and how to continue doing it for the next 800.
Have fun.
@_date: 2019-01-08 20:58:31


I understand your view on morality differs from mine— I just don't particularly care to be empathetic today.
You value more than harm and the common good. You value loyalty, tradition, you may even embrace fealty to authority or god. 
I don't really care for any of those things, but that doesn't make me hostile to you.
You're just sticking your head in the sand and ignoring the dangers around you coming from outside the country.
If we don't compete with China, they will out compete us and destroy us. Their view on sovereignty is very different than the post-Westphalian world order with the nation State at the center and the US as reigning hegemon.
China thinks of the universe as a single sovereign entity, the Chinese State or Emperor, with rings of control extending outward depending on distance, but than in essence, everyone owes it fealty.
Imagine how shitty it would be if we let them take control.
But I can't protect America from that type of threat if uneducated and ill equipped members of our society keep getting in the way.
Globalism is great for a number of reasons, and I'm not sure what negative impact it has on you that wouldn't be inevitable anyway from a tribalist or protectionist approach.
It's sort of like you don't see the vice closing around you and keep saying it'll be fine if we stay here. Well I see the vice and I'm saying we have to run this way; we're chained to each other and you don't want to go. So I'm going to pick you up and carry you.
Eventually once we get out and survive, you'll thank me. But right now you're being a whiney bitch for no reason.
Totalitarian agenda? Please.
You sound like a crazy person.
The Yellow Vest movement is only in France.
There isn't a global shift toward nationalism and protectionism; Trump didn't win the popular vote, he has no mandate, he lost the House in a tidal wave, and he only won the Presidency because of Russian interference.


No it isn't. You have no idea what I'm talking about.


No. I'm a highly educated American patriot who wants to help his fellow Americans prosper and dominate.
I don't know what you're up to, but it ain't that.
@_date: 2019-01-08 19:57:26


Project much? What's hysterical about anything I've said?


That's dark and fucked up.


Or, globalists think that imaginary lines in the sand shouldn't define our opportunities or distinguish us. 
To be fair, we generally are mostly plug and play cogs, but that doesn't mean we can't respect each other and treat each other with dignity.
Globalization is an attempt to create a co-operative non-zero sum game instead of a competitive zero-sum game, and I don't see an issue with that.
Some people get hurt, but it depends what your goal for the human project is— and if its getting off this planet and to the stars so we can survive a planetary catastrophe, a little short term pain for some people while they're replaced by robots isn't a big deal.
Plus, the globalist agenda includes taking care of those who are harmed through job retraining, or universal basic income.
Stagnation is just waiting for the human race to die.


That's not true. And globalization is not a particularly left idea.


You have no idea what you're talking about.


Sure you will. You won't have a choice. They don't have a desire to overthrow all governments, and not sure how they would represent an apocalyptic threat to the world.


If Trump declares a national emergency for a wall, the next Globalist President will be able to declare a national emergency to take all the guns.
@_date: 2019-01-08 10:25:17
The Yellow Vests, like Wikileaks / Assange / Snowden / Trump / Brexit are all Putin operations intended to destabilize Western hegemony.
What is your question?
@_date: 2018-02-06 04:43:29
You don’t think they’ve offloaded their exposure?
It may look like my addresses own my coins, but I’ve had zero exposure for a month.
@_date: 2019-01-08 20:34:12


We have drones, robots, GPS, FLIR and other sensors, and have no reason to be anywhere near you.
Locking down the North East corridor is fairly easy.


Push you against the wall? What wall?


What rights and freedoms?
First off, rights are socially and legally determined. You sacrifice your rights to participate in our collective society, and whatever we as a group decide is how we want to live, is how we want to live.
If you don't like what the group decides, you can leave. We're not stopping you. 
The issue is that guns are less and less a mechanism of rational defense, but an instrument of the mentally disturbed, or a way for those who have been overlooked to lash out— meaning limiting guns becomes a basic self-defense measure.
Plus, up until Heller v, DC and MacDonald, there had never been any interpretation of the 2nd Amendment as a right to personally bare arms outside of a militia.
Gun rights have actually been MASSIVELY expanded by conservative leaning Court in the last 20 years.


At what?
I have no idea what type of person you are.


We will have all three— we have the money and the control of the technology. That's how you win wars. Man power is irrelevant and can be bought. NYC, some parts of CA, and a couple other cities are really the only part of the country that matters. You can't blockade the ports, we can resupply from abroad.
Its almost like you forgot that the North won a civil war already, with a far lesser technological advantage, while still expanding to the West. 
I don't even know why you would fight me.
My policy's are about giving you healthcare, and a basic income to afford food etc...
I don't know what you do for a living, but if its manual labor oriented, you're going to be out of work very soon. I use my mind to make money, and happily give a significant portion of my income to taxes in order to fund programs so others can do the same and enter the information economy.
What's hilarious is that you can't see what's best for you.
My family has been here since the Mayflower, and about a 100 years as immigrants on the other side. I'm as American as it gets, and it is beyond me what you're so fucking terrified of.


Due process of law in this country defines property rights. If we create legally precedent for the confiscation of weapons, I would suggest you surrender them. If you don't you will be hurt or potentially end up dead.


It's not so much imposing a world view, but as pointing out an economic reality and wanting to remain not only competitive but dominant in the global economy.
You don't have to do everything like I do, and if you stay out of the way I really don't care much. But if you get in the way and impede my ability to compete with other organisms, entities, and states out there, like China, well then you become a problem that needs to be handled.
If you want protectionist tarriffs that hurt our economy and our ability to compete, if you want to waste our assets building useless walls in a desert, if you want to undermine our alliances and security apparati which keep us safe and dominant, then you will be handled.
I have our collective best interests at heart. It sounds like you don't give a fuck about me.
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:04:26
I don't watch MSNBC.
The Russian narrative is proven to be true more and more with every passing day. Manafort passed campaign data to Cambridge Analytica and a Russian agent.
You need to get your head out of the sand and read primary source documents, Court filings, allocutions, sentencing documents, etc...
Not only have there been countless convictions and guilty pleas, Manaforts own lawyers yesterday accidentally (or not) released documents which show direct contact and information transfer.
Remember, nothing in the Steele dossier has been shown to be false so far. A lot has been confirmed.
These facts. Not emotions or opinions. I can't make you care about them, but with your dedication to loyalty, national purity, and American patriotism, I don't understand how you can reconcile what Trump's campaign and administration has done in regard to Russia. It's bizarre.
@_date: 2019-01-08 12:33:11
@_date: 2017-09-11 21:03:38
Nope — Bitcoin will be illegalized throughout the world. Its an existential threat to sovereign governments. Governments have to be able to confiscate property with a Court order. There's no functional way to confiscate Bitcoin and force compliance with a warrant.
@_date: 2019-09-11 04:41:59
No idea what that means.
@_date: 2015-09-02 00:49:44
Yes, because every time someone has tried this argument in Court, they have failed:
See Ross Ulbricht for example.
@_date: 2019-09-09 21:39:04
What right do you have to avoid capital controls?
This is why BTC is fundamentally anti-thetical to the state.
@_date: 2015-09-02 00:31:25
I have no idea what you mean by drawing a line between government policy and government regulation.
This is what you are given when landing:
Which tells you to fill out this:
No Judge will interpret the transport of keys capable of accessing more than $10,000 as not transporting more than $10,000 of a monetary instrument or currency.
For example, Ross Ulbricht argued it was not a monetary instrument or currency as well, and lost. 
So for me to have to repeatedly explain this to you is silly.
Your lawyer, if you had one, would simply advise you not to carry them, to declare them. You could try to carry them in a way where their discovery would be impossible, but your lawyer can't advise you of that.
The Customs Officer was not out of line. This is how the US Government and US Legal System views Bitcoin.
If you do not disclose, and they are discovered, they will be seized.
@_date: 2019-09-11 02:17:54
Modern democratic republics which you can leave are based on consent of the governed. Political authority (the right to impose capital controls) exists to the extent the manifestation of the people's will (constitution, laws, government, judiciary, etc...) say it exists. Argentina, to my knowledge, fits this qualification.
Sovereignty comes with certain powers, its a reality.
@_date: 2015-09-06 12:01:28
You having access to an online banking account doesn't actually constitute moving "money" or a "monetary instrument" across an international border.
You may have money with X bank, but that bank is a registered legal entity in a certain country. For you to withdraw funds in another country your funds may have to be moved from X bank in country A to their legal associate in country B. They may do this for you as a courtesy. It's highly complex and you probably have no idea what's happening to get your money and reporting does occur.
Basically, you are oversimplifying what's actually happening and don't really understand.
Unless there is a "holding entity" which is holding your Bitcoin as you transit from State 1 to State 2, for example, in a wallet, you are in effect moving a monetary instrument yourself.
So in essence, if you do not move the Bitcoin Key from say, outside the US, to inside the US, who exactly is moving it?
Does that help?
@_date: 2015-09-02 08:14:50


Given that the US Constitution grants Congress the power to create Courts, and the Supreme Court of the United States has ultimate Judicial Power, what the hell are we talking about here?
Do you really think that there is any intent in the framers minds when they drafted the Interstate Commerce Clause to allow a future creation like Bitcoin, no matter how much it can obfuscate what it is in fact doing, to circumvent the sovereign authority of the US Government?
Do you think any of the three branches of the US Government will agree with you? Do you think necessary super-majorities of State bodies necessary for a Constitutional protection agree with you?
What the hell are you trying to argue?
That you think you have found a semantic way around what is actually happening by using technology to obfuscate the reality?
Here's the news: nobody fucking cares. And like Ulbricht, you will have your assets seized, and you will go to prison.
When you say something like Ulbricht's case wasn't a proper trial, you lose all credibility. He received an incredibly fair trial, he just straight up broke the law and did so in a way that was pretty easy for the government to prove.
You really hurt your cause when you claim it was a circus.
If you had been to law school, you would understand that the issues he is appealing on are pretty straightforward, and he is very unlikely to win, if he's even heard.


When the IRS a) aren't US Federal Courts, b) when you move property like an expensive painting, you're still subject to the same underlying charges.


I'm sorry, but we have 11 Carrier Battle Groups, virtually unlimited force projection capabilities, and the compliance of every foreign central and commercial bank of note.
The US will expect to enforce compliance with a) whatever the fuck it wants, and b) if you don't think moving lets say, 50 BTC at todays current prices doesn't count as moving more than $10,000 worth of assets internationally, you're out of your fucking mind and trying to play a game of nuance which regardless of legislation, no one in the real world will care about.
I've said it before, and I'll say it again, you can do what you want. But if you printed out the private keys to a wallet in control of more than $10,000 in Bitcoin and went through Customs without declaring it, and it was found, it would be seized, and you would have no legal recourse.
I'm done arguing with you.
You can keep insisting; but you are wrong, and we spend over a trillion dollars a year on weapons so that no matter what you say, you will still be wrong.
Have fun.
@_date: 2015-09-06 12:15:05
No. You're not moving anything. If you made a withdrawal in the US then yes, your financial institution will report it, and if you withdrew more than $10,000 across the US Border, they would automatically file the FinCen105.
If you move a Bitcoin private key across a border and translated it into some other form of property, exactly who else would be responsible for "moving" the property internationally?
@_date: 2015-04-28 18:05:50
From the article:


@_date: 2015-09-01 01:04:55
That's like saying you smuggled cocaine and simply didn't get caught.
If you were searched and the private keys recognized, they would be seized and you would not have them returned. You can live in your fantasy world all you want, but moving items with value, even if they are proxies for value elsewhere, without disclosing them, is a dangerous move if you want to retain control over them.
The US Government straight up said it views them this way, and the Customs official who asked the OP this question indicated exactly what the US Governments policy is and what the action would be.
@_date: 2015-09-05 08:43:33
@_date: 2015-09-03 00:38:48


It doesn't need to be declared as currency for it to be subject to Customs disclosure under sections 13, 14, 15, of Customs Declaration Form 6059B. Given Ulbrichts and other trials, we have ample evidence Courts would view a lack of filing of a FinCen 105B as inappropriate given they interpret private keys as a monetary instrument, most often a bearer instrument.
In this Country, how the Courts choose to interpret legislation and regulation is all that matters until the Executive or Congress choose to override. US Customs as an instrument of the Executive, has already shown how they interpret, by asking this person about their Bitcoin.


I was discussing the Interstate Commerce Clause, which is part of the US Constitution. Furthermore, if you had been to law school you would understand that US Federal Courts view intent of a law as critical to their interpretation and application. It is in fact quite relevant in the US why a law was written. Loopholes that armchair internet libertarians may feel like are loopholes, often don't exist in practice.


It doesn't need to be. It's covered under the definition of Monetary Instruments. (Monetary instruments include coin, currency, travelers checks and bearer instruments such as personal or cashiers checks and stocks and bonds.)
See the word such as? It means included but not limited to. Courts interpret the private keys as monetary instruments. I gave you the evidence that Courts view them as monetary instruments. No one has ever won this argument in Court. Precedent matters.
We have evidence that Congress, the Executive, and the Courts don't agree with you. So you're living in a fantasy world.


Well, the US Government doesn't seem to think so.


The website is clearly illegal under US law. He knowingly broke everything from drug sales laws, to firearms trafficking laws, to money laundering laws. He attempted to have people killed.


I'm not watching a two hour diatribe by his mother. I paid attention to the trial. It was fair. The issue is that you and others think the laws are unfair and don't understand the concept of what entails a "fair trial" and its equal treatment to other citizens, adherence to established due process, and an impartial arbiter. These conditions were satisfied.


Haha. You realize that under the Continuing Criminal Enterprise Act there is really no lee-way in his sentencing. The stated sentence for a CCE in excess of $10 million in annual revenue is life imprisonment. That he tried to have people killed and failed through luck, is the only reason he isn't being executed.
You are living in a fantasyland.


And that's what I'm saying moving Bitcoin private keys into the country without declaring it is. The goods will be seized in accordance with US Customs law, the same way that happens every time some idiot immigrant carries $50k in cash with them and does not disclose it.
No one is discussing money laundering. I am discussing Ulbricht's objection to Bitcoin private keys being a monetary instrument. The argument failed. A similar argument claiming private keys don't fall under the definition of monetary instrument for Customs declarations purposes would fail in the exact same way.
You ismply don't have the precision of language to have gone to law school— or at least have learned anything while there. Maybe you went to Cooley.


That the US can enforce its system of laws, regulations, and interpretations, and there is little you or anyone else can do about it. It simple does not matter if you think drug laws are stupid or idiotic. It does not matter if you think the Government is "wrong." What the Government and the Courts think, is what will apply to you in reality.
@_date: 2015-11-22 21:24:48
Why do you consider this trolling? Because I'm saying something I am aware will likely get a lot of downvotes and disagreement on this forum?
That doesn't mean I don't believe exactly what I am saying, and it doesn't mean my arguments aren't sound, and my perspective coherent.
What exactly do you view as "superficial rhetoric[al] talking points" and how do you view them as not linking up with one another?
I feel like I've made a pretty solid, defensible argument, and no one here has yet to meaningfully challenge it.
My username is a joke or intended to be ironic, because while I may rhetoric, my points are always grounded and based on solid reasoning. It's like the joke just went over your head because you're so focused on the necessity of me being wrong because of the impact me being right would have on your world view, that you didn't stop to think about what I was actually saying.
@_date: 2015-11-24 15:51:27


No Greece does not substantiate your claim. Greece is an economy 1/8th the size with 2x greater debt to GDP ratio, and much more serious internal problems in the form of poor tax collection, a culture of tax avoidance, and massive unemployment. The economic outlook in Greece is different than in Italy, and the international community's lending posture indicates a recognition of this distinction.
You generalized to *a country like Italy* but are using Greece, *a country not like Italy.*


Blah blah blah. Rhetoric.


Again, meaningless whatever.
You pulled two random numbers out of your ass as if they mean something, which already destroys your credibility and faculties of logic, and are now trying to make a completely different point without substantiation. 
You're trying to defeat my argument that there are no company's yet on the level of a G8 nation state by saying that Italy will face doom in the near future. You don't have the evidence, and more importantly, since it hasn't yet it's speculative, and not even a valid counterpoint if it were true.
@_date: 2015-11-21 23:07:10
You don't need to sign anything. Your presence in the U.S. indicates your willingness to abide by the laws of the United States, and your submission to its social contract as outlined in the U.S. Constitution.
We are not forcing you to stay. You may leave whenever you like. It is a contract of adhesion, and you consent to it every day. People have repeatedly tried and failed to make arguments to unconscionability, but they don't pan out.
@_date: 2015-11-22 21:52:32
1) I think we should depend on States and should strive to have trustworthy States which can and will protect us in many ways, including our privacy. My gut is you and I differ on what is reasonable when it comes to digital communications, which by their very nature are very difficult to reasonably make private.
2) I would just call them corporations if I were you, for clarity, a) because tyranny implies sovereignty, and while CEOs exercise control over their corporations, it is secondary to the State sovereign and they don't exercise true sovereignty despite control structures like Zuckerberg's at Facebook, and b) because it sounds like you're trying to make a point about corporations that isn't necessarily relevant to the conversation you want to have on a given topic, and its too easy for someone to get distracted and you to get off fighting about the ethics of corporate structure. I don't disagree with you here so we won't get distracted, but I think its unwise to use terms like that which are coded with an agenda. You also risk someone discounting your views outright because you are using language associated with a certain philosophical viewpoint, which is not always well argued.
3) All rights are social rights. If you voluntarily associate into a society which selects a social contract which does not give you the rights you imagine, seek, or desire, then you don't have a valid objection. As to whether what you outlined is an unethical or immoral act, a) ethics and morality are determined by the society and context, and b) if it is desired to only be seen by a selected receiving party, the internet is the wrong way to send something. The internet is not structured as a point to point system.
4) The NSA doesn't break the laws of its own nation-state on a widespread or systemic level (I allow for occasional rogue analysts like LOVEINT but do not attribute that behavior to the NSA itself. We have little to no evidence, and a huge amount of evidence showing a huge amount of toe-tipping up to the line and very careful measures to stay within the law) and it has no obligation to adhere to the laws of foreign states. Discussion of HSBC is an irrelevant extension.
5) All entities are intrinsically and necessarily violent— regardless of whether they are institutions or individuals. I am assuming this is a coded reference to the Non Aggression Principle, which while nice in theory is inapplicable to the physical world, where adherence to it would require someone to sit still and wait to die. Any claim of property, even over oneself, denies other being access to limited physical resources that they would otherwise in the State of Nature be able to access. Our modern political institutions are simply the evolution of individuals making a property claim over themselves and the land around them, and collectively and voluntarily apply this property claim to a much larger area (in my case, the United States). Our observing entities operate with our consent and are accountable to us, so I feel it *needs* to be compatible. That said, I do agree that corporations should have heavy restrictions on them because of their lack of accountability and greed, and therefore it is in our interest to modify the social contract which governs us all to restrict corporate actions. Again, there are no universal moral principles. Ethical intuitionalism is circular and nonsensical because our ethical intuitions are take place within a society which has developed a certain view of ethics and morals. If you asked someone from two thousand years ago the same ethical or moral questions, you would not get the same answers about what their intuitions are. Even the concept of sociopathy and the existence of sociopaths serves as a clear counter to any form of universal morality.
@_date: 2015-11-22 01:52:48


They did so because the intelligence capabilities would not violate the social contract, so the amended the social contract with new laws to prevent certain actions.
You're defeating your own argument with this line.


No, I don't. I'm just acknowledging its not a violation of the social contract as enumerated in the U.S.




Because they're from around the world. The vast majority are not from the US and do not involve US citizens. That power should absolutely be legal. When a US Citizen is involved we have very clear flowcharts about when FISC Warrants are sought and received. The ones that require protection are protected.


No I don't. We're discussing the social contract. Not morality.


Then why are you discussing this with me? If its not illegal, it doesn't violate the social contract.


Not really. You said governments around the world have repeatedly broken the social contract. We're basically discussing that claim.


Again, USA PATRIOT was 2001 and FISA Amendments is far more recent 2008, and again updated this Summer.


This is actually a bit unclear, and a lot of people would argue that we do have consensus and it is a small but vocal minority of people like you who want a different privacy framework.
I'm open to a shift to a harm based accounting of what we want protected, and what we don't, but to me its more about protecting us from corporations than from the government, which ostensibly has our interests in mind.


I don't really know what this means. It's basically meaningless rhetoric to me, and suggests you don't really know what was going on at the time. Were you even old enough to understand what was going on? I was 18 at the time and grew up in NYC.
@_date: 2015-11-21 22:16:29


I have seen no evidence of a violation of the social contract.
For example, the programs we've seen the US uses to collect data about its own citizens seem to only collect non-private data and actually have quite a few safeguards.
The programs the US uses internationally are not subject to any privacy law or agreement.
I can't speak to all nations but I haven't seen much if any evidence of the US violating its covenant with its people.
Finally, you're practicing a form of "what-about-ism" where you claim because X commits a wrong its okay for you to commit a wrong. If there are violations of the social contract we should work to remedy them, but that does not mean it has been destroyed and we no longer have obligations under it.
@_date: 2015-11-23 16:00:22
That's irrelevant at this point and "under what application" doesn't make sense.
Point out the mistake and we'll continue.
@_date: 2015-11-23 09:17:22
I have no reason so far to believe it is incorrect, and a lot of reason to believe it is correct.
Do you object to any of my assumptions or postulates? I have pretty good training in formal logic from some pretty great universities. If I've made a mistake, please tell me.
@_date: 2015-11-20 15:45:39
So, how is Coinbase not just a bank that also has a Bitcoin brokerage?
Are they FDIC compliant / insured?
@_date: 2015-11-22 02:05:05


Anecdotal. The guy has been proven to be an unreliable actor given his blatant disclosure of classified national security information.


You're using a shit ton of loaded words. 
I do not believe the US Government has repeatedly broken the "social contract" through its actions related to signals intelligence and interception of electronic communications, and when it has intercepted and reading the communications of everyday citizens they adhered to warrants and due process requirements.
@_date: 2015-11-22 23:33:15


You just changed the terms from Goldman to, the entire financial sector, and from Italy, a member of the G8 and NATO, to Syria a nation embroiled in a civil war with less than 1/25th the GDP of Italy.
The question is what company is as powerful as or more powerful than a G8 Nation State. Stick to that.


Greece is again, not a G8 nation state. I'm not even going to entertain the question.


It does. It's a mutual defense pact. It means you don't fuck with it. Go read the NATO agreement and the conditions under which a nation can invoke it.


Against any aggression. Including Goldman.


No, Goldman really could not. The entire financial sector, of course. But Goldman alone? No way.
It took the combined power of the EU, its entire banking system, and the IMF, to break Greece. Goldman wouldn't have a shot at Italy.


Are you stupid or lying?
That is from the abstract setting up the reason for their study.
The complete abstract reads:


It is not a weak point, and that is not a careful reading. It's the fucking point of the study, and its right there in the abstract.


It's not relevant whether or not I am a peasant. Some peasants do see through the smoke and mirrors, but the stakeholders at the table rarely if ever are fooled. It's a game of shadows, but everyone knows what's in front of the candle.
And just to piss you off: my degrees, income, net worth, and NYC apartment say otherwise about my peasant status. I'm not a rainmaker for certain, but I'm at least informed.
I find that when people keep citing dictionary definitions, they've lost the discussion or lost interest in what matters to the discussion. What's interesting to me is your definition doesn't really help you— entities like Goldman have *influence* but they don't have all that much *power.* They can as groups exert enormous influence and can even change the minds of those in power, but because they rely entirely on non-physical persuasion and soft power, they fall short of being capable of the type of control your definition happens to include.


Goldman, the banking cartel, and their friends in the US Government is not a company. 
At this point we're going to have to end this. You're either maliciously defending a point you know is wrong and making shit up to suit your perspective, or you're too stupid for this to be worth continuing. You can't even be trusted to stick to the terms of discussion which is *a company* vs. *a G8 Nation State.*
Either way, I've made my point and the readers can make their decision.
@_date: 2018-04-17 18:45:05
Well, the entire point of government is to protect people from bad actors through centralized overwhelming power.
So, tough.
@_date: 2015-11-22 00:50:17




Which of those violate the US' social contract with its citizens? By my count, absolutely none of them.
I'm keenly aware of the details of all of his leaks. I'm also keenly aware of the details of US law, and how only a few of those even involve US citizens domestically, and none of them have anything to do with the Fourth Amendment given long standing interpretation of Third Party doctrine and the inapplicability of the Fourth to nonphysical digital communications. There's also the whole concept of reasonable expectation of privacy for some of them. If you'd like to highlight which specific program you object to, I can outline to you why it's lawful.
The truth of it is that Greenwald had to juice the story about PRISM to get initial traction, and that basically everything we found out the NSA does, is legal.
We don't have to like it, but its important to recognize the legal framework, because otherwise you sound like an ignorant fool and decision makers won't listen to you.
Ironically, its up to you to determine who want to be.
When discussing government surveillance and privacy, its important to realize that most of our protections came from the Stored Communications Act and the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, which were modified in 2001 by USA PATRIOT and later by FISA Ammendments Act, not the Constitution.


I am happy to discuss whichever one you choose in detail. I'm not going into all 10.


It means they don't count as a violation of the social contract.


Well personally in the sense of any of these news articles or leaked documents. The point of my sentence was about the US because I haven't looked into what other countries are doing overseas and their agreements with their people. I'm only informed on US activities and US law to a similar extent that the US public is.


What? I don't know what you mean by spying, you're using vague words. My point is you need to make a specific allegation against the US government. The US Government does X and that violates the Constitution because of Y. 
I have not seen a compelling argument for that in the case of electronic or digital communications, the US has violated the Constitution.


Which is what? You haven't outlined two contradicting views that have anything to do with my statements.
@_date: 2015-11-23 18:19:15


Third party doctrine is pretty straight forward. It's not reasonable to claim you want something to be private when you share it with a third party.
Also, the Fourth Amendment clearly uses words related to physical objects.


Who cares. The Supreme Court has the Judicial Power of the United States and it has decided this matter.


Basically every Federal Judge and Supreme Court Judge since the 1960s. I don't know what you mean by clearly incorrect interpretation. You're in the vast minority on this one.


Federal Judges in the US are not bought. This is a ridiculous suggestion.


That has been the interpretation for 40+ years.
So your opinion aside, we were all aware.


It should not be murky. Laws can of course be modified without constitutional amendments. They're acts of Congress. The Stored Communications Act and Electronic Communications Privacy Act created some protections. USA PATRIOT took them away. It's straight forward.
@_date: 2015-11-08 16:16:56
Or, you know, you could understand what Dimon actually said which included: 




He's specifically pointing out the difference between fiat currencies like the USD and Bitcoin, and explaining why it's a waste of time.
Your inversion doesn't hold because it ignores his basic point.
@_date: 2015-11-21 16:45:16
You're equivocating on the word private (personally owned) and privacy (no one else can see) and not helping your point.
There's only irony if you're an idiot.
@_date: 2015-11-23 09:06:57


Yes. I get it. You can't respond to my question without changing my question.
When you invoke Goldman's network effects, I get to invoke Italy's network effects.
Goldman's network effects are incredibly impressive. I used to work for them. I get it. I'm not debating this. The problem is its not G8 nation state level which is what I postulated.
I specifically restricted my comment to the G8 because I wanted to eliminate the type of challenge you're presenting. You could feasibly make the argument if it were G20. G8 NATO member, no way.
I'm sorry if you feel slighted that I structured the comment and my question that way. I get it. You hate losing. But at this point your repeated inability to address what I actually said indicates that you cede my point.
Yes, I structured the question in a way in which you would lose. Do I feel bad about that? No.
Whether or not Italy has influence over world events is irrelevant, because the only actor that has **control** is the hegemon— the United States.
I wanted to know of a corporation which actually has the power of a G8 State. And there aren't any. There's no way to respond to my question other than, well shit, some are closer than we want them to be. It's not a trap, but it's a trap.


This is just wrong. Because when you say *allies and friends* then Italy brings the US and the rest of NATO, and you lose.
I put forth a very specific scenario— a scenario we will have to deal with in the next 50 years likely, but not one that occurs today and I did so to make a point.
We have incredibly powerful corporations and we need to watch them because unlike governments which regardless of corruption ultimately have an obligation to citizens, whereas corporations have no obligations.
I wanted you to imagine a world where a corporation is as powerful or more powerful than the US, the UK, Germany, Russia, China, etc... so I said on the level of a G8 state.
You are making the argument that a soft power, entrenched, economic entity like Goldman is what we need to fear; you're saying they're already more powerful than a G8 state, which is straight stupid.
I don't disagree that we should be wary, I do disagree that they are as powerful as you claim.
I actually think the real targets should be resource oriented companies.
BP did something in the Gulf of Mexico which is fascinating from a power perspective.
But BP is a massive entity with one of the best credit ratings on the planet. 
Why did the US not immediately nationalize BP? Why was that not considered an act of war?
That is true corporate power, and you come at me with this shit example of Goldman? A soft power entity who can only exert influence on a secondary network?


They wouldn't. I didn't suggest they would. You said they would be able turn Italy into Syria. They wouldn't. This is your stupid thought expirement.


Okay. So you've done this twice so I'm just going to assume you misread the abstract.
The abstract says that previously there was no appropriate methodology to asses control globally.
What it's saying is that the researchers who did this study saw a problem, and this was the problem. The data was limited and it didn't look at global interactions.
What the abstract says is that the paper was specifically written, and the study was specifically constructed, to address this shortcoming.
What you described as a fault in the paper I showed to you, was actually the fault which the paper and research wanted to correct, or a gap in knowledge they wanted to fill.
Because you missed this I'll treat you as a naive actor that just missed it.


The abstract clearly states that prior to this paper and research this was the problem.
This is the hole in our knowledge the paper I sent you addresses.
I really hope you understand this.
When you write an abstract you 1) set up the problem, and 2) say how your research addresses the problem. What you quoted to me was the problem, what the paper actually does is address the problem.
I don't want to get into the weeds with you on this, but you are quoting the problem my paper addresses back to me as the problem. You have to address the arguments made in the paper.


Look— I've made an effort to explain power to you as it exists in the modern world. If you want to call me a peasant, fine. I'm a peasant. I don't care.
The point I was making was that the players are very sophisticated and look at situations and know what's going on. You seemed to be making an argument that people relevant to the decision making process were being deceived and were unaware of the wool being pulled over their eyes. 
My only point is that the relevant powers entering decisions know what they are doing, and are far more informed and aware than you think they are, and that you are kept unaware for a broad range of reasons, but if you bothered to inform yourself you'd get it, and you'd probably agree with the calls being made.
You're not interested in discussing this, or discussing why our representatives might be making inoptimal decisions.
You want to call me names, and you want to defend an indefensible point. Have fun.
@_date: 2015-11-21 21:01:51
You realize how absolutely terrifying it would be if a company, beholden only to about five share holders, were more powerful than a G8 nation, right?
Tech firms are going full retard for offering end-to-end encryption. If the government has a warrant, they need to have the ability to read your data. Preventing them from doing so is completely against the social contract, and that is exactly what strong encryption does. There is no place for it in a society which seeks to be governed by the rule of law.
@_date: 2015-11-09 06:31:03


Once we move to white-listed or identifiable traffic models (which would occur if a non-controlled currency became a threat to the economic establishment) you run into the issues I outlined above.
The economic establishment is what has the survival incentive, and the resources to ensure it.
Bit Torrent no one really cares about, so its allowed to flow along and when a fish get's too big, it's taken out.
Mesh networks simply aren't fast or reliable enough for this type of system.


I don't know or care. This claim has nothing to do with the OP's critique of Dimon's comments and how ridiculous and nonsensical it is.
@_date: 2015-03-08 01:25:21


That is completely incorrect. You can only use it in a limited and restricted sense, and if you try and take it out of the country it will be taxed at 40%+.
Seignorage is a component of the US sovereign, and in essence, the Department of the Treasury and the Federal Reserve operate in concert to ensure at least 2% inflation as a form of informal tax on dormant capital.
Whether you like it or not, this is how our system works.
You seem not to understand that I was explaining this how and roughly going over the "why."
There isn't really a factual debate to be had here. You could potentially argue it should not be this way; but to argue it is not this way just makes you appear delusional.
@_date: 2015-11-22 01:01:12
Which company is more powerful than Italy?
@_date: 2015-11-22 02:15:03


That's not a problem with my logic.
In fact my logic is very specifically about making strong encryption harder to use. Making it illegal to sell products incorporating these technologies makes the barrier to entry harder.
Hopefully there will be additional legislation criminalizing the creation, distribution, and use of this type of software.
Then we move to a white-listed internet where all traffic has to be signed by an authorized network user, and has to be readable and convertable into a meaningful and approved signal. Of course this doesn't prevent steganography, but it at least returns the barrier of entry back to the levels required in the physical world, keeping it more in the realm of State actors than private organizations.
Or we could just all shut up about this, accept encryption with back doors, and continue on our way with a free and open internet.




Incorrect. And the problem is I hate what it means. Devices can be locked down a lot more, and mesh networks can be targeted and disrupted.
@_date: 2015-11-22 03:55:51
Haha. You have a completely misguided understanding of the word "power."
This is economic soft power. Goldman is influential in many circles, but it doesn't exercise real power on a G8 nation state level. 
It's revenue is on par with Facebook, a basic non-entity, and it employees about 34,000 people. It has about a trillion of assets under management,
Italy's GDP is about $2 trillion and its military would smoke Goldman.
Try again.
(Edit: As far as I know, the East India Company is the only company to achieve the comparable level of influence, but it was so controlled by the monarchy and it's crown license, that it's not that interesting an example. Standard Oil might have been able to achieve it, but it was targeted and destroyed. We may see emergent companies in the future, but the sheer scale of todays most influential powers precludes privately held actors from rivaling the G8. You can get to being more powerful than many if not most nations. But the G8? Bitch please.)
@_date: 2015-03-07 12:49:03
You participate in a society, and the society does not incentivize the hoarding of assets, it incentivizes deploying them productively as investments.
The idea of "saving" is nonsensical because we as a society don't want you to do it, and you only made your money in the first place because of your participation in that society.
@_date: 2015-11-09 18:45:05


That's not my original point. That doesn't make his argument wrong.
My original, and only point is that your joke is nonsensical because the inversion doesn't hold because his criticism of Bitcoin involves the issue of government intervention, and fiat is controlled by the government.
How are you not getting this.
You want to debate the question of whether Dimon is wrong or not about it being a waste of time. Who knows. For him it probably is. For others? Maybe not. But it doesn't change the fact that he has a perfectly valid reason for considering it a waste of time, and that when you change the word Bitcoin to Fiat, that objection is countered. 
He views Bitcoin as a waste of time for him and his company. He explains that if you were to cross a certain undefined threshold, it would run into the same type of regulation if not far worse than fiat and face outright destruction. For him, that threshold is far, far beyond Bitcoin's current market penetration and valuation. Remember, this is an institution which paid $13 billion dollars (roughly 3x Bitcoin's entire capitalization) to settle a dispute with one government over its practices in one specific department of its business.
I don't really want to debate the overall merit of his statement.
I'm telling you you are hysterical idiot who hurts people who like Bitcoin when you make statements like the one in the title.


No it isn't. How is it fallacious?


No it doesn't and that wouldn't be fallacious because he's not a venture capitalist in any meaningful sense of the word. He is pointing out that he thinks the upside is limited because one can only grow so big before running into the government and being destroyed.


He's not saying talking about it is a waste of time. He's saying pursuing it as a viable currency is a waste of time.
Your problem is that you routinely straw man his claims (and mine) and convert them to something you *want them to be* so you can make fun of them, rather than acknowledging what they are, what his intended meaning is, and why.


I don't know what this has to do with anything. What is a waste of time to a random person in a random place vs. the strategic leader and chief executive of one of the largest financial institutions is entirely different.


Haha. Yeah, that is a waste of time. I've got better shit to do than essentially FX trading BTC and so does he. I included posting here and refining my position as *better shit to do.*


I doubt it, given that the course of human history is a trend toward more government oversight and involvement, with increased freedoms and protections within a bounded sandbox.
I highly doubt that is going to change any time soon because of a few misguided AnCaps on Reddit, and also suggests a fundamental misunderstanding of what government is, and where it derives its political authority from.


Oh god. You've failed to address the primary point that Dimon makes: which is that *because* it represents a threat it is a waste of time. He doesn't need to worry about it competitively *because* the government does.
And again, you've missed his argument.


My criticism wasn't semantics. My criticism was about meaning and about how you making fun of him doesn't make any fucking sense.
You can argue all fucking day whether or not he's wrong or not, I don't care.
Your comment in your title makes no fucking sense.
@_date: 2015-11-22 21:35:51
Your statement is completely wrong. While there are different forms of legitimacy, in the modern era, governments are in general considered legitimate when they have the consent of the governed.
Their currency and how they manipulate is generally irrelevant in anything but say, a monarchy.
In the US, we practice a form of constitutionalism and representative democracy, which means the people can permit the government the power to manipulate its currency, and revoke that power if used irresponsibly. We've literally collectively said that we want you to exert influence in the economy by controlling the monetary supply.
No one is forcing you to use USD, and no one is forcing you to stay in the US. 


Huh? You don't really *own* anything so it's not possible for the government to rob you. You have a limited and conditional license to allocate certain resources as you see fit, but nothing is really ever *yours.*
And when we collectively give the sovereign a power, there's no real issue of what it does with that power.
@_date: 2015-03-25 08:50:50


How is that not what is happening?
You realize that every stock exchange in the US is subject to this type of vetting.


Then you do not understand third party doctrine.
This is not an issue of subjectivity.
You either recognize this basic fact, or you are ignorant of reality.


That's up to you.
But if you want to convince people of a modified and expanded financial privacy right, you might want to start by convincing me.
If you want to ignore my views on personal privacy and cultural privacy rights, you are free to do so.
But my views align with the vast majority of society, and if you want to have an expanded right, it is I who you will be debating.
I have no problem shooting you where you stand for non compliance. We do it to terrorists all the time. If you are not interested in our protections, and are not interested in our process, I don't know what you're interested in. And if you are ever deemed a threat, you will be removed.
I use this in very clear terms. Until you consent to a form of social contract with me, I do not view you as an entity with any rights greater than a rock. If you present a threat or challenge, you will be eliminated in coherence with the non-agression principle. It is unfortunate that you chose to aggress.
@_date: 2015-10-19 17:31:53


I don't consider these acts to be conduct of States in the sense that wanting to outrun the State (i.e. the US or a modern Western State) becomes reasonable. Sure, a State which doesn't allow you to leave is problematic but that's not the sense in which I posed the question.


I'm not particularly concerned by this.


You'll have to specify further.


I'm not particularly concerned by this. This occurred during a war.


Not particularly concerned by this.
Same as Purge / Holocaust / DPRK.


Actually, those are likely the only ones you can use to support your argument. Wanting to outrun another State to which you do not assent is very different than wanting or needing to outrun your own State, and having a justification for doing so, especially in a voluntary association like the US.


r/Bitcoin or Bitcoin in general?
@_date: 2015-10-21 15:42:12
I'm sorry but this isn't really relevant to the conversation we were having, specifically about whether your analogy holds. It's relevant to a deeper and more fundamental conversation about relativism vs. objectivism, but that's not *really* the point at hand.
The point at hand is your analogies to slavery, and to men with guns coming in.
You can examine my point (1) without spidering into this discussion of (2). If anything it looks like you don't see a way out and are attempting to get to an "agree to disagree" situation.


Except that those are core to the definition of math, science, on which the study of physics is based.
The study of ethics and morality is not based anything in dispute right now. 
The errors I've pointed out are actually very high level errors in the logic and parallelism of an analogy. You're still focusing on (2) when I don't need (2) to be right to show that your analogy is wrong and bad.
Now to address what you've asked. And remember, this really has nothing to do with the initial conversation discussing whether or not States are the same as slavery.


I would not describe these as objective rules or principles. In epistemology, these are described as facts, and they hold true within the context of our observable universe. They are observable and confirmable.
What I do not believe, is that there are moral facts that stretch across the similar breadth of our observable universe.


I believe it is subjectively wrong. I believe we have plenty of evidence throughout human history that human beings are capable of this behavior, and capable of justifying this behavior.
I also think your use of the word sentient is weird; to me torturing any living creature that can experience pain is wrong. That said, I have no evidence that that is intrinsic across all living creatures or across all sentient beings.
I have no evidence that the universe cares. It may be more productive to behave a certain way if you are a certain type of creature, but that doesn't necessarily transfer across all creatures.
My main objection is to:
1) Natural rights (which almost always depends on some concept of God).
2) Ethical or Moral intuitionism, which I generally view as a circular or assuming the conclusion, because everyone that's ever written on ethical or moral intuitionism has expressed the ethics and moral intuitions of a society which is pretty moral, rather than expressing the ethics and intuitions of a society from 1000 years ago or from a very different context.
Does this help?
The most interesting angle of discussion is one where that humans might have some form of moral disposition because it is advantageous to success. What then becomes interesting is how or whether these evolved moral dispositions end up translating to entities like nation States in part or at all.
@_date: 2015-03-08 01:41:24


You did not support this statement.


Not really. You're not using hoard correctly. The wealthy will lose their wealth to inflation if they do not deploy it into investments. The Middle Class does have to spend a far greater portion of their income on non-discretionary expenses. But this doesn't really discuss the concept of hoarding.


Sure it is. You can save yet still have your income deployed in a functional investment. For example, Treasuries are incredibly low risk, and when available TIPS have inflation priced into their yield. There are all sorts of low risk, highly liquid investments which are better than putting cash under your mattress; even putting it in a bank is preferable, because then the capital can be redeployed by the bank.


Why not? It's a functional tax. Just like you paying sales tax on items paid for with post-tax dollars. Why should we not be taxed again? You haven't given a reason. We could be taxed thousands of times.
@_date: 2015-03-24 22:35:19


Not really. When you're audited you're subject to versions of those intrusions.


If you are auditing the exchange you have to ask for all transactions.
This is also similar to telephone and communications networks, which by Federal Law have to track all telephone activity.


You're not requesting Jake's records. Your requesting the exchange's records about what has happened on its system. It's identical to telephone metadata collection. Jake has no interest in the information since he did not create it, the exchange did, and Jake also cannot even have a reasonable expectation of privacy since he disclosed his transaction to a third party (the exchange).
@_date: 2015-10-19 08:57:53


Why would you think that?




And? That is the Government's prerogative. Do you not understand State sovereignty?


They owe nothing but they don't have every right to take money out for future labor. The Government has the right to set the terms and rates for taking money out of the country.
@_date: 2015-10-19 18:54:16


No, it isn't. You are free to leave the US at any time.


I don't know what you think is comparable to the gulag in the US.


You do choose to live here in a way other than how the Chinese chose to live under Mao. The two are in no way similar.
@_date: 2015-10-19 08:17:56


You are aware how the concept of State sovereignty works, and how anything you receive, even in Western countries is never really *yours* but rather you are given a limited license to allocate these assets.


Even when it's settled in your account, its not yours. If you don't behave according to your country's code of conduct, it will absolutely be frozen or removed.


Governments and banks *need* to be able to interfere with currency for a wide variety of reasons, not the least of which is the social contract.
Look, if the government follows due process, it should be able to take your money. If you've done something wrong, it needs to be able to stop you. It also needs to be able to do things to protect itself and protect society on the whole, whether it's depositor haircuts, banning the holding of certain assets like gold, or inducing investment through seigniorage and inflation.
I don't why you think this wild-west approach is *superior* to the modern States we've created.
It's just nonsense.
@_date: 2015-10-19 10:35:05
In a Libertarian society, who protects and enforces your patents?
@_date: 2015-10-20 11:37:48
You'd be allowed to leave? If you got on a boat and pointed it straight out to sea, no one would stop you.
The issue is not you leaving but you being accepted somewhere else, and that is not the US' problem.
If you wanted to renounce your citizenship entirely, we have forms for that, and all that's required is some basic tax compliance, which is fair given that you've had decades of advantage from our society.
@_date: 2015-10-19 19:23:38


Why would you have to sign anything? Your parents gave your consent assuming you were born or they moved you here. And then you gave your consent when you reached the age of consent. It's a contract of adhesion that when you accept the benefits and privileges through your presence and acceptance of citizenship, you agree to its terms.
In the US it takes the general form of the US Constitution.


Slaves were not allowed to leave. You are.
@_date: 2015-11-22 23:46:10
What the hell are you talking about? What does subtracting debt from GDP have to do with anything? What kind of meaningful metric do you think that creates? GDP is annual, debt is cumulative. You also just subtracted an EU denominated value from a USD denominated value.
You literally picked two random numbers subtracted one from another, got -0.1 and treated it as though you made a point. I feel like I'm in the fucking twilight zone.
Also, know Goldman has something like $190 billion in outstanding long term debt on $40 billion revenue, right?
So even if your math were some meaningful comparison of relative data points, which it isn't, it wouldn't even serve as a counterpoint to me.
@_date: 2015-10-19 09:22:25


I do contract work for private entities, but I have no aspersions that if the US Government wanted to change its tax policy, this might change my cash on hand at the end of the day. It might even change the outcome of contracts and rates agreed to today to be paid in the future.


I don't see how understanding State Sovereignty isn't a modern way of thinking, but I don't really understand your application of the term modernity in this.


No. It will just force them to clamp down on the internet.
@_date: 2015-11-22 21:14:51
I didn't say define power, I said you have a misguided understanding of power. Which you have doubled down on, and you clearly did not read my post. To reiterate:
Goldman is influential in many circles, but it doesn't exercise real power on a G8 nation state level.
You quoted an article that basically demonstrates that on a corporate economic level, Goldman has its hands in a lot of things and is good at making money.
Absolutely nothing you said contradicts my comment that Goldman wields economic soft power but is simply not on the level of a G8 State.
If you're going to pull Goldman's extended network of influence (their friends), then you also pull in Italy's. Italy is a fucking NATO member State. Do you understand what NATO is? Goldman could not do shit to it even if it wanted to. Hell Goldman isn't even top 10 in terms of Economic Control and influence. 
This is a network analysis of the private sector: 
Pure revenue to GDP, the closest you get is Walmart, but then you're in the 20s.


The people in the game always see through the smoke and mirrors. It's the peasants that don't.
Italy is by far the weakest of the G8 member States. Goldman is a powerful economic entity with no hard power projection capabilities, and a fundamental reliance on contract law and its position in a broader fabric (a financial firm in the United States), and the two are simply do not operate on the same scale. Do a little more research into Italy's economy, military, population, etc... you're just wrong.
@_date: 2015-11-21 21:47:14


That doesn't mean the government can get access to the data inside the file. That is a direct attack on sovereignty.


Unfortunately not all people can be compelled to hand over the keys.
@_date: 2015-10-22 15:12:03


That's for you to say. Not me. I already asked you this above.
In our society we view slavery as wrong because we respect an individual's ownership of one's body, we appreciate the idea of not doing things to someone that you wouldn't want done to yourself, and we claim to observe some rules of equality.


Of course not. Why would I? It's all the State's income anyway. I think it would be unwise strategically, but that's basically close to Communism. If we collectively decided we wanted a Communist State I'd be okay with it or leave.


This is a meaningless question that has nothing to do with my destruction of the NAP. Again, you get into this word *should.*
I'm not discussing should at all because my only opinion on should is influenced by my societal context where rape and murder are wrong. Does the universe thing rape and murder are wrong? Of course not. Why would it even care?


I have no idea what you're getting at here.
@_date: 2015-10-20 20:44:08


No. The absence of moral wrong does not indicate the presence of "right."


No. It is not morally right, it is not morally wrong. It just is. We only perceive it as morally right or wrong based on norms that we create. In our current society we might think of taking someone else's initial possession as morally wrong, in a different society we might think of it as morally right. If we are consumed by another society, what becomes normative changes. To an outside observer, there is no right or wrong it just is.
Though personally, even within our society I don't see why something is someone's just because they were there first. I do have serious problems with the way our society allocates assets and treats personal property. For example, I disagree with inheritance entirely. I don't understand why the Arabs don't understand that it is for all intents and purposes *our oil* things like that.


I did not say they should. Only that they do. 


I already said I oppose these actions because I am a part of a society whose moral standards oppose these actions. However, who said I *was* opposed? And more importantly, the universe is not opposed, and humans do not objectively or universally oppose slavery.
Look, by focusing on this statement I feel like you have missed the point of the above:
1) The analogy doesn't actually apply to anything the US has done.
2) If the analogy did apply, its not clear that the behavior would be wrong. 
@_date: 2015-10-19 07:20:12
Why would you want to outrun the State?
As a Statist, but also a fan of Bitcoin, this is some of the most dangerous sentiment expressed on this sub and in the community, and I wish it would stop.
@_date: 2015-10-19 18:12:04


You've never answered and you've never rejoined a single point of mine. But sure, keep suggesting that you have.
It's pretty transparent that you have nothing to say and are out of your element.
@_date: 2015-11-21 21:23:58
1) What does data we send to third parties and broadcast out in to the universe have to do with *privacy.* Really only spaces like our homes and offices, and things we give to the government have ever been considered private. We take things out in public and share them with the world, and then we discuss privacy?
2) Private tyrannies? Companies? Or the US Government? What? I'm not sure what you mean here.
3) What moral principles are violated? How is the US not the embodiment of an advanced voluntary association?
4) How is the NSA a criminal enterprise?
5) How is strong encryption compatible with our fundamental social contract being able to examine anything under its jurisdiction if it has a warrant?
@_date: 2015-10-20 12:18:17
You added this second analogy after I'd already read your first response, so here is my response to this second analogy:


Well, first, I only argued against your slaves analogy, but, of course. 
But first, I want to point out that this scenario ignores some basic structural problems. For example, that the US created Indian Reservations after doing basically this to the Indians— which while not perfect from a modern moral standpoint is a far cry from what you suggested, and that the Federalization of the US from the Colonies wasn't in any way comparable to coming up to an independent farm and taking it over with guns (it was replacing one government with another through guns, the Crown Loyalists basically were allowed to and in fact did get up and leave). After that, everything was democratically assented to through an agreed upon process, so there isn't really a good claim that something went wrong around the period of the Civil War and that the use of weapons then was unjust. Finally, its not like any of this happened within the past 150 years, so the idea that your proxies or your own actions haven't caused some form of consent / assent to our modern social contract is hard to believe. There might be five people in the entire United States who could maybe make some form of argument that their free family farm was invaded, taken over, subjected to the US Government, and they have an unbroken lineage of proxies who have never consented, and they have never done anything that amounts to consent themselves. So to me it's a bit silly to examine this.
Now let's get into it in the case this ever did actually happen:
All rights are social context based rights. If you're outnumbered and outgunned, you're fucked. Here's the issue— you can't claim that what these twenty men with guns did is normatively *wrong* without relying on private property, and more specifically, our society's interpretation of and respect for private property.
We *feel* that your above scenario is wrong, but we only feel that way because of our existence under our current social contract which highly respects the idea of being there first and making a claim. In the State of Nature, norms are very different, and up until the 1960s/1970s, international norms were very different as well.
The idea is that as soon as someone makes a private property assertion (say, your assertion that it is somehow *my* or *my family's* farm), they have committed an act of aggression against the world.
Just because you were there first, I can't use this land for my family? Why can't I build my farm there? What if there is someone else there everywhere? What if there is no room for my farm (which is essentially what you argued above in the case of an expat having nowhere to go). 
What this justifies is me using weapons to take a farm I want. You have limited my freedom of action in the Universe, and therefore I have no obligation not to harm you. But I can do what it takes to survive. If you make a property claim, then I can make a property claim too, and in the absence of government, the only thing thats going to sort it out is force (who wants it more or who survives).
This was called Right of Conquest and it was in effect from basically the beginning of man until the 1960s or 1970s depending on which treaty was used.
We stopped because humanity collectively decided we were basically killing too many people and too many innocents were getting caught up because of how insane our weapons had gotten.
Now, of course, if you want to fight the entire international system on this, I'm not going to pass moral judgement on you, because the moral judgement that it is wrong is internal to the international system, but I will advise you, you will likely lose.
In the specific case of your analogy, I don't think they would say you had signed a contract— but I do think you could say the social contract between us is this, if you don't like it, you can leave, or we can demand your compliance through force. I don't even know why you included the voting issue, as that doesn't even matter. One of the guys with guns could be giving orders to all the others. One reason people use the term "signed" in the US is because you do sign documents like your drivers license and your Social Security Card, which more or less are actual contracts.
There's an interesting episode of Walking Dead where the group takes over a Prison and there were some people living there already. It examines this exact same moral issue outside the construct of pre-existing social contract / norms. They do exactly what you said, they say the people living there can live over in a different area by themselves, or they will give them a weeks worth of supplies and leave, but if they try to interfere with the group, they will be killed. There is nothing wrong with this. 
@_date: 2015-10-19 09:42:02


Did you insult me? You called me a dumb fuck, but I didn't feel insulted.
It's odd that you take your statements being picked apart as evidence that I am not who/what I am attempting to convince you I am. I don't really follow. Only one of many points was about me, and you're the one who suggested I wouldn't qualify for either of these societies, when I do.
Amusingly, as already outlined in point six, you seem to have zero interest in actually discussing the topic at hand. You've made zero effort to attack my Statist worldview, whereas I've dismantled much of Libertarian ideology in a single sentence. Again, this is probably because you can't counter any of my statements. You couldn't even provide a link to an article when asked, and if you feel I've misunderstood or misrepresented your argument, that's on you since you didn't even provide a link to the study which might help clarify your argument. In the absence of more data, all I can do is interpret your words— which you're pretty terrible at using.
For example, I highlighted education since raw intelligence without education is unlikely to do much good. Whether that education is formal or informal is unimportant, but you can't do well on an IQ test over the age of 16, or really any of the other tests the triple nines highlight without some form of education. So while the two are separate, they are also interconnected and both contribute to whether or not we should take someone's opinion seriously.
From (4) I don't really know what you're saying. Use more precise pronouns? What specifically is not the case? And which argument of mine leads you to your conclusion? And, you wonder why I can't follow you. I've got a qualifying SAT, LSAT, ACT, WAIS, SB-IV, GMAT, and GRE, although it looks like the GRE from when I took it isn't accepted.
(5) is basic. All living things aggress against other living beings when they consume limited resources. The only way to act in concert with the non-aggression principle is to passively wither and die. The moment you assert a private property right over any object, you morally allow the development of modern nation States and other individuals to assert their own private property rights, and their own claims over land, as well as claims for collective defense. The idea that the modern State in the form of the US and similar is not voluntary collapses along with all Libertarian claims. Sorry to burst your bubble.
And (6) you can provide a citation again. Additionally, you're misinterpreting the study I think you're referring to, and probably suffering from some form of cognitive bias of your own.
@_date: 2015-10-21 21:08:16
**Okay, to clarify, you have asked the following (discussion of NAP may be most interesting, I address in (5)) and I will succinctly provide my answers so we can agree on what we're discussing, which to me is much more basic— is a State anything like Slavery:**


I explained that you need not sign anything, that your presence and acceptance of benefits constitutes consent and participation in the social contract. This is discussed in significant depth previously.


I do not believe they were obligated because they did not consent. However, whether the slave holders actions were objectively morally wrong is a separate question. I say it was neither right nor wrong objectively, but that it was subjectively clearly wrong.


I outlined how this is not parallel to what happens in the US / with States in detail. 
4) Say your family had lived on a big farm for centuries.  [Etc...]
I explained how this is not parallel to what the US has done for anyone except potentially the native americans. I explain that while it may suck for them, it's not objectively a moral wrong.
5) I can reveal my core principle: the non-aggression principle (which I'm sure you are familiar with).
The non-aggression principle is incoherent; or it is incompatible with the idea of private property. The moment you make a claim that something in a resource constrained environment is yours, you have aggressed against all other living beings by depriving me of my natural access to it. Even if you cut down a tree to build a house, or kill a deer to eat it, you have violated the NAP and harmed me. It is impossible to live, have private property, and remain consistent with the NAP. Even your claim of ownership of your body deprives me of natural resources and carbon molecules that I would normally have access to.
So since you have already violated the non-aggression principle in staking a claim, I and others can then violate the non-aggression principle ourselves and do whatever we feel necessary to you, and ultimately, create a nation State which is nothing more than a property claim over a certain piece of land.
In essence, since it is virtually impossible for a physical entity to exist without violating the non-aggression principle, I don't really need to be worried about threats of force, violence, or coercion against you.


This is an interesting idea— but the issue is the difference between a fact vs. theory. Or moral *knowledge.* Epistemic fact vs. non-epistemic fact.
Most of what you're discussing are theories about optimal interactions, or what leads to more effective societies among humans. 
But very little about that is knowledge about the universe itself, or even about humans themselves. Human systems may function more efficiently by X metric when they follow rules of Y... but its very difficult to then get to the idea that the universe operates on some principle, or that human beings operate on some principle. This is more an analysis of ideas that occupy the space of reasons; or Sellars' Epistemic vs. Non-Epistemic facts.
If you want to read this breakdown of moral knowledge, it provides a decent overview of a lot of different approaches:
**Some general notes:**
A lot of the time you misinterpret me taking a morally agnostic approach to something, as me saying something is good, right, just, should happen, or something I support. This is non-sensical.
There are many different senses in which something could be good or should happen. Do we value the individual? Do we value a utilitarian maximalist approach? Do we value the human project as a whole?
A lot of what I'm saying is that terribly apparently immoral acts simply do happen, and we can incorporate that fact into our theories which describe our behavior, and I can't articulate a theory which describes human beings behavior universally. I haven't seen anything that's like E=MC2 or 1+1=2.


We weren't debating morality of the State. We were debating the fairness of your analogies. One line of questioning became the underlying question of how voluntarist the State is, and slavery is a really bad analogy for this— both in definition of what it is and in practice. What you really wanted to and tried to explore, was does a choice need to be roughly equal in order to truly be a choice? Is continued safety vs. likely death really a choice? That the strong can exploit the weak is not simply my point. My point was that while the strong are capable of exploiting the weak, it does not make continued participation in the State involuntary, and that even if you will likely die if you choose another option, being given the option is still a choice.
You need examine or explain why an impractical choice, or a choice that leads to death, is a morally invalid choice to propose from an objective standpoint (not the standpoint from our society that it feels wrong).


First, moral condemnation becomes possible because one submits to a social contract in order to have the privilege of associating with others. Once you accept this contract, then you submit yourself to potential condemnation.
But even if you disagree with this source of condemnation, we talk about it because you make the analogy of comparing what a modern State does, which I support, to a practice I abhor and you invoke one subjective morality to judge both actions and portray them as parallel.
This is why I have continuously said I don't care to talk about the underlying morality, because we are likely to disagree. I only care about whether you can sustain the analogy and whether it is intellectually fair for you to evoke the same feeling of disgust we have for slavery when you discuss the State, and my point, over and over has been that regardless of whether or not you agree with me on fundamental moral questions, your analogy is flawed and you need to stop using it to misrepresent what modern States do.
@_date: 2015-03-24 17:36:00
The ability. Not the right. Difference.
@_date: 2015-10-19 08:37:48
1) Citation.
2) IQ doesn't measure general intelligence. One indicator of intelligence, or education, however, is questioning secondary and tertiary sources.
3) I don't find your conclusion to be the case, and I wonder how that jives with well known statistics like, Unitarian Universalists, the most liberal of all religions, having the highest SAT score. I think what you're misrepresenting, potentially, is that at higher intelligences certain classes of views are more likely than at lower intelligences, which include libertarian, fascist, statist, communist, and a whole slow of not-necessarily-party-line political views. The problem is you used the statistic, if it does exist, to make an argument implying that somehow libertarian views are more likely correct, and more specifically, that you can draw a conclusion about a statists intelligence because they are not a libertarian. Which is pretty much the worst logic I've ever seen. Even if we were to say that intelligence reflects on whether or not someone is likely to be right, statism can be just as if not more likely at higher intelligence levels, than libertarianism, without contradicting your assertion.
4) According to  I have six qualifying exams. I've never applied to either it or MENSA because in my experience people who care about things like these tend to be dumb fucks themselves. I think last time I checked, you needed another nine or two to get to a statistical representation of me— about 1 in 70,000.
5) Libertarian views are usually incoherent, particularly any which rest upon the non-aggression principle. While theoretically cute, it is a logical impossibility in a physical, localized universe with resource constraints and the basic laws of thermodynamics.
6) I like the internet being open. It would be a shame for all traffic to have to be white listed and tagged with identifying user information. While one could potentially circumvent such measures by embedding subversive material in legitimate content streams, it is mathematically and logistically difficult to do so for large amounts of data needed to run protocols like Bitcoin in real time. It would be nice for people to be able to use these systems, behave and operate within the bounds of our social contract, so that more aggressive actions (such as banning all private use of hard encryption) isn't necessary.
7) Generally people who resort to calling someone a dumb fuck without discussing the question or point at hand, do so because they can't engage in a meaningful discussion of the subject. If you'd like to engage, I'm happy to do so but my guess is you're now realizing you'll be outclassed.
*Edit: 8) Not saying I'm one of them, but some people like hot lunches.*
@_date: 2015-11-21 21:37:14


That's your opinion and a form of limiting the scope of discussion. I told you what my opinion is, you can accept it and critique it, but to tell me it is not substantive is meaningless— and in fact not what I think you mean't to say. Perhaps you mean't to say productive.
And what does a balanced discussion entail? I do not need to provide the internal balance. I need only be open to revising my position based on other ideas.
Additionally, not all discussions have two legitimate sides. There can be a balance or range of opinions, but there can often not be two sets of facts.
My point is that strong encryption makes it mathematically and practically impossible to conduct a lawful government search of a file.
To me, this makes the incompatibility between strong encryption and our current social contracts obvious and a fact, not an opinion.


But I am not discussing absolute surveillance. I am discussing the idea that there is no way for the rule of law to exist unless when needed the government has the ability to examine a file. It is a functional attack on the concept of sovereignty.


I'm very confused about what privacy we have sacrificed. I don't see a reasonable expectation of privacy in most digital communications, particularly broadcast communications like cell phones. It just seems to me like we are doing a lot more than we ever used to, and our now bumping into the walls which have always been there far more than before.
I'm also not sure about the security component. I don't really subscribe to that argument.
And I don't think anything going on is haphazard.


I don't think I have suggested we have blind faith in the government at all and making your statement suggests an attempt to misrepresent my argument and derail the discussion into an irrelevant side debate.
@_date: 2015-10-19 10:06:26


That is selfish and short-sighted. You are one cell in a giant organism called humanity. Our goal needs to be to evolve AI and get off this planet to colonize the galaxy. What you want personally is irrelevant.


Sure individuals have been harmed but has society benefited? What is the net-net?


We haven't had freedoms stripped, globalization and technology are just causing us to bump into boundaries that have always been there.


Not clear how this is a negative.


Not clear how this is a negative. Tax hikes such as those after WWII and under Clinton have generally led to economic booms.


Not sure how this is relevant. If others don't submit to western or US hegemony, how is it our concern if they live or die?


I don't see them as harms, and I see a lot of them as gains for the collective and sometimes even for the individual.


Oh, I don't. I just like the idea of applications of blockchain technology in terms of replacing some types of trust based systems.
@_date: 2015-10-19 14:46:34
Collective human intelligence when there are too many voices ends up with regression to the mean. Now we can argue about who specifically we should centralize authority in, but that we need to centralize authority when we have more than seven billion individuals, is to me a given, and a position you have already allowed for by promoting dismissive treatment of inferior or stupid humans. Y those more intelligent.
Even Marx realized you would need an intellectual vanguard to guide the State.
Technologies like Blockchain are not really intended to stop centralization in general, they're intended to create an alternative to the entrenched trust networks which through their incumbency may not be egalitarian or particularly optimal at what they do.
You'll still need centralization to create long term strategic vision, to raise and deploy capital, etc... It's just not people who inherited a position of privilege. But that has nothing to do with the fundamentals of Statism or State sovereignty.
@_date: 2015-10-19 10:58:57
Given you haven't done anything to clarify your world view, and Libertarian refers to a whole range of ideologies, you'll have to help me out here. Rand liked IP but she's generally incoherent— she viewed private property to be supremely important, and wanted institutions like inheritance, but then wanted to ignore social contracts and obligations that were entered into for the initial creation of the wealth. Most modern Libertarians I've read take issue with patents, and those that don't tend to be newcomers who are a bit unclear about the implications of their ideology. Would you care to outline your view?
@_date: 2015-10-19 08:47:47


Examples then? The individual is not important.


Leave what? This forum or the US?
@_date: 2015-10-19 10:17:56


Actually, I'm using my writing/communication skills to convince other people that I am intelligent. And generally, writing and communication skills are viewed as a good indication of some combination of education and intelligence, since it requires an underlying thought process to construct the statements made.
Rhetoric and composition were considered the high arts of our ancient forebears, so its kind of funny for you to pay me such a compliment while trying to undermine me.


Since you haven't actually criticized any of my arguments, and in fact just complimented me on them, I'm not sure how I'm faking it?
I explained to you very succinctly what the problem is with Libertarian perspectives based on Non-Aggression and/or concepts of private property, individual sovereignty, etc...
I don't see how my approach is a disservice to me, and I in fact enjoy engaging people on these subjects to test and if necessary revise my opinions and my approach. I get better every time I do. Even if I were "faking it," don't they say fake it til you make it? Or practice makes perfect? So either I am intelligent and putting forward strong arguments, which I am wise enough to know need revision, or I am an idiot and putting forward terrible arguments, yet I am still wise enough to know they need revision and that I can get better from debate. So either faking it or not, it's not a disservice.


You never made a point other than calling me a dumb fuck for saying I'm a Statist. So I don't think my response makes me an idiot or intellectually dishonest. In fact, it makes you intellectually dishonest for trying to represent that you have said anything approaching a meaningful response at any point in this discussion.
But to throw you a bone: if you care to look into my views more, you can research Hegemonic Stability Theory, and also consider that I do not value the individual and instead value the idea of us getting off this planet and colonizing the solar system and then the galaxy far more highly than immediate or localized harm to whomever is currently alive.


That's cool. I wanted to discuss your plastic sprinkler manifolds. But I guess that's not going to happen now. 
You can take your ball and go home troll. You won't get far here. I've gone far more rounds with people far more intelligent than you; ones which actually knew enough about their position to attempt a defense of it.
@_date: 2015-11-23 20:11:22


That's a completely different claim. You also need to substantiate it.


No, it isn't.
@_date: 2015-10-19 16:17:06


That doesn't answer the question. Not all forms of Libertarianism involve the State enforcing private property rights. If you're going to allow for the State to enforce property rights, what prevents or stops the State from creating laws that deprive of you of *your* property and similar?
My gut tells me you're adhering to a particularly naive Libertarian view, but you still won't explain your viewpoint. It's bizarre.
@_date: 2015-02-05 07:41:00
No. People found false gains to not have materialized. They didn't "lose" so much as they didn't gain what they thought they had.
I'm not saying this is right, but the actual risk assumed by financial institutions was by and large off-loaded. Individuals did, however, assume risk profiles they didn't really understand. A bit different than what I'm discussing.
From a strict employment perspective, there is a serious issue with having people we don't need and a standard of living which is not supported by globalization.
I'm just trying to distinguish between taking advantage of someone else's house being on fire, and you setting it on fire yourself, or selling them matches and propane.
There may be civil, and in my mind is moral liability. But it's very tough to get to criminal.
@_date: 2015-11-09 06:42:56


First, your criticism of his statement in the title has nothing to do with this claim. Second, it's unlikely they've missed the point of the blockchain. Third, you need to learn to use pronoun's clearly. And fourth, you've likely missed the point of the blockchain, which is actually to demonstrate we can have trackable digital cash without anonymity and create a proxy for traditional trust systems.


Creating a possibility for digital cash like transactions the way we have in the physical world. I give you $20 etc...


It's not quite as secure as a blockchain oriented one could or would be. There are a few benefits to the technology which remove some of the trust rating components of the present system. But ironically, you're right in that it's not *all that* different.


First, you don't know that, because financial institution implemented blockchains could contain some type of reversibility or re-settlement feature. We're just at the beginning of what's possible. Second, there's nothing amazing about how we see the Bitcoin economy developing, where people go through other intermediaries instead of the traditional ones. We still have depository institutions, we're still going to see credit created through fractional reserve lending.


In order for it to be relevant to the CEO of an organization with $2.6 trillion under management and $100 billion in annual revenue, it needs to be much, much bigger and actually does need to cross some threshold. It's a waste of his time because it's simply not big enough for JPMorgan Chase to care.
I've repeated this, and you don't seem to get it because you're defending your criticism of his dismissal, which simply doesn't make any sense and is incoherent.
He is absolutely right to dismiss Bitcoin as a currency for the reason he does, and he is absolutely right to view it as a waste of time because of its lack of government involvement.


No, a paradigm shift would require one or both reserve currency status or mass adoption occurring. Otherwise it's not a paradigm shift.


Sure. What the fuck does that have to do with your incompetent and incoherent criticism of the guy?
@_date: 2015-03-24 16:23:35
I don't understand what the issue is. You live in a society under a government. Of course the tax authority needs to be able to appropriate track assets and exchanges. You have no implicit right to circumvent it.
@_date: 2015-11-22 02:28:06
It's inherent to the concept of sovereignty. That the government is not restricted from doing so means it has that sovereign power.
@_date: 2015-03-24 18:15:06


No you don't. Most actions infringe on others in some way, so we form societies to moderate those infringements and decide what is allowed and what is being not.


The powers of the State are granted by the people of a society who have come together to create said State. If you exist in my State yet attempt to subvert its powers outside the methods promulgated by said State (such as voting, or free speech), and I give you the option to leave, your actions are morally unjustifiable unless you surrender the concept of private property.
If you surrender the concept of private property, you have no self to protect.
@_date: 2015-02-11 20:36:37
This is logically impossible because the impact bitcoin would have is part of the impact of the internet. And then the internet does other things. So definitionally, the impact would be bigger.
Anyone who up votes you is functionally retarded.
@_date: 2015-10-21 05:13:04


First, we're not on the slavery analogy anymore! We're on your second men with guns analogy! Go back and read my discussion of your slavery analogy in my other post! This is why I said you are missing the point of the above by focusing on this one statement. Stick to one line of argumentation.
Second, I haven't said anything suggesting that *I* support slavery! How have you missed this!?!?! I've specifically said *I* don't because I have grown up in a society that doesn't support slavery. But if you grew up as a Plantation Owner in the 1700s or as a slave-owner in Ancient Rome, you would likely support slavery, as would I!
It's like you're not parsing anything I've said.
The State and slavery are both natural byproducts of our context, and because of our context I do think the State is correct while slavery is wrong.


I've read it. He relies upon the concept of natural rights which don't exist. He also misses that a private property assertion by one individual is already an act of *unethical* (by his definitions) violence against all other living beings, and therefore his entire thesis breaks down.
You need to do a better job of attempting to understand what I'm saying, rather than regurgitating your philosophy, because what you said in this paragraph was already addressed in my first response to you.
You're relying on a straw man or weak form of my position by accusing me of supporting both slavery and the State, which I don't do or say I do. I accept both slavery and the State as possible outcomes, but I only support the State.
To me, mutual respect for human choice is a fundamental difference between slavery and the State (in the case of a voluntary State like the US) which allows me to do this (i.e. reconcile the State with my societally induced belief in human equality).
In essence, let's look at the contrapositive: why do we think Slavery is wrong? why do you think the State is wrong?
When you list the reasons for each, you're going to attempt to list reasons which overlap, as you did earlier. The problem is that *those reasosn's don't actually overlap.* Everything in your analogy is about trying to show that there are things a slave owner or the widespread adoption of the institution of slavery does to humans, that are the same as what the State or the widespread adoption of the concept of State does to humans. But throughout this thread I've demonstrated how they are different and how there is little to no overlap.
So for you, focusing on (2) is not enough. (2) is just there to help you understand my subjectivist and relativist position. Coming to terms with (2) is necessary but not sufficient for you to defend your analogy. Get it?
@_date: 2015-03-08 12:34:43
Well, our society allows for you to think the rules are broken and even advocate for changing them; so that's not particularly true.
But you do have to adhere to them, face lawful sanction, or leave.
@_date: 2015-02-05 07:29:41
This has nothing to do with an individual knowingly doing something which is illegal.
Remember, even MLK served his time for civil disobedience.
So did Nelson Mandela.
@_date: 2015-02-05 07:19:00
You're right, Except that what about x is not a relevant defense. It's only an argument for stronger prosecution.
@_date: 2015-02-05 01:21:50
A couple points:
1) Knowingly and consciously is difficult to prove in Court, and according to Preet Bharara, the statutes require him to do this (I disagree with him, and if it is the case the statutes need to be changed).
2) Most of the acts if anything rose to civil fraud not criminal fraud. That's why there are all sorts of civil suits going on.
3) Most of the acts were perpetrated against foreign actors (i.e., we offset our real estate risk to the rest of the global financial system, it wasn't actually a terrible idea).
4) There is a component of systemic risk i.e. too big to jail which whether you like it or not, is legitimate. Often times, our laws and prosecutions take into account the greater social good. While I disagree that allowing the banking sector to fail would have had dire consequences and that the US government could have controlled a collapse with a secondary, shadow banking system, its not clear that this was preferable in the long term as it may have been the goal of these behaviors in the first place. Remember, the history of the last 300 or so years, is the history of central banking throughout the world, with the war of 1812 being fought over the Bank of the US, the Tsars being ousted because of their unwillingness to allow access to central bankers, and the US rising to hegemonic status because of its creation of the Federal Reserve and separation of its debt from a serving sovereign.
5) Yes the SEC is undermanned and outgunned.
6) None of this makes the cases between the Silk Road and the financial sector similar. You are basically talking about an illegal drug, weapons, and other services racket vs. a criminal fraud racket. Fundamentally different.
@_date: 2015-02-09 16:46:33
Incorrect. Look at the transaction costs of say, ACH, pennies. The overhead is compliance with international money transfer laws, know your customer laws, etc...
@_date: 2015-02-03 01:18:18
Correct. This is what you do when you know your client is guilty.
Which is no surprise given how Ulbricht was caught and what he was caught with.
The only issue is proving a highly complex crime to an unsophisticated jury.
@_date: 2015-10-19 09:54:09
Eh... the United States and western States in general have been pretty effective over the past 70 years. I think we have enough real world evidence to demonstrate the success of my ideas.
However, this is a weird place to post this response. It doesn't have anything to do with the questions I've asked the previous poster.
Have I offended you in some way that you feel it necessary to troll me all over this thread? Do you really want me to keep dismantling your posts?
It's funny you mention Dunning-Kruger because I was considering accusing you of that in a previous post, but left it at general cognitive bias. What exactly is it that you think merits this type of accusation? So far you've called me a dumb fuck, have been unable to articulate a response to any of points, and are now going around to other posts making random insults?
Do you really enjoy trolling me this much? If so, I'm glad I can offer you some entertainment. I've got a 30 minutes or so more before I'm taking a nap, but I'm rate limited posting here. How are the plastic manifolds going? Watching them dry or? Do they even dry?
@_date: 2015-02-09 01:58:52
If the members spend the payouts they will have to justify the income and pay taxes.
@_date: 2015-11-22 23:56:09
That's a lot of bullshit; detriment of the general good? What?
And even if it were true, what does that have to do with my comment?
@_date: 2015-02-05 02:37:49
"Many" is stretching it without context. Many in fringe groups on the internet do. Many in a random sampling of the population do not.
You basically have to be an anarcho-capitalist or libertarian to support him, both of which are incoherent ideologies.
@_date: 2015-10-20 12:01:44


They wouldn't be arrested, because they wouldn't be slaves. They'd be free men.
You also wouldn't be immediately arrested in another country— there are many countries with liberal immigration policies.
There is also plenty of territory where no one would bother you, at all. The Earth is covered with oceans, there are islands that are functionally beyond the control of nation States, large areas of desert and forrest where you would be left alone, as well as the entirety of Queen Maude's Land and several other unclaimed territories.
Your analogy fails on its face because it relies on changing the definition of slavery vs. what being freed as a slave meant, and doesn't seem to understand how slavery functioned in places like the US and Ancient Rome.


You could tell them that.


That doesn't make them slaves anymore. You've still given them their freedom. And advice!
You can start swimming much more easily than using a boat, and can get an inner tube for less than $50 and a Kayak for less than $200. Hell, you could build a raft pretty easily. I remember doing that in Summer Camp.


That's irrelevant. You're trying to make an argument about *viability* which is neither here nor there so long as the society allows for the *possibility.*
The reality is that even if you could cross into Canada freely, without participating in some social contract with other human beings you will likely die very quickly. 
But that doesn't mean we are enslaving you to our social contract. It means you have a choice. Enjoy our protection and mutual aid, or take your chances. But that choice exists— and in fact, because we have public libraries, we would even provide you with the knowledge you might use to survive free of charge. That is incredibly gracious of us.


That's a meaningless question. It's not whether slavery is acceptable, its whether a parallel behavior is acceptable. Slavery in and of itself contains the requirement that you cannot leave of your own volition.
If you freed your slaves, filed the appropriate documents, handed them papers, and said you can either stay here and work for me for X or you can go out into the world, of course that's acceptable. How would it not be?
@_date: 2015-02-09 14:03:58
This isn't a rejoinder to the previous person's comment. It's just "because Bitcoin." The previous poster implied that the regulations and bureaucracies like traditional remittance services would create the ton of human overhead. The trust component is already factored in to the international banking system and doesn't really affect overhead.
@_date: 2015-02-05 01:11:47
Why? What he did is made illegal for a reason. You need to target those reasons rather than just roughly say "anything non-violent should be legal." I'm also not clear what you mean by non-violent.
@_date: 2015-02-11 17:46:34
Okay.....So what?
@_date: 2015-10-19 19:13:38
You asked a question? What?
@_date: 2015-03-28 00:00:53




No because our social contract allows for free speech.


That's tough to say, since my morality was created by a society which abhors slavery. If I were born and raised in the South, yes, I probably would have participated in slavery and shot slaves. But so would you have. Anyone who doesn't recognize this isn't being honest. So I don't really get the value of the thought experiment.
@_date: 2015-02-11 21:39:43
It's not a figure of speech. It's pure idiocy and not possible. It's not about being literal. You're supporting a perspective which is nonsensical and obviously incoherent.
@_date: 2015-11-08 18:50:10


This doesn't counter my point that your inversion doesn't hold and therefore your post is a stupid thing to say.
It's not that Bitcoin isn't a currency in any sense (the sense in which he uses currency is clearly intended to include a component of popular use), it's that the reason Bitcoin is a waste of time doesn't apply when you say fiat is a waste of time, because his argument is that Bitcoin is a waste of time because popular use of a non-controlled currency will never be accepted for long by governments, whereas the government backs fiat / controlled currency. So when you change the two words, you lose parallelism.
His comment is actually quite sensible, because blockchain technology does have applications to the modern banking community since the international financial system is more or less structured the same way just with fewer actors.


Yes they can.
The amount of data overhead and the speed necessary for transaction confirmation eliminates Bitcoin as a truly viable replacement for contemporary use over mesh networks, or an Internet where traffic must be white listed or identifiable (i.e. encryption or hiding the transactions in another legitimate data stream would be either detectable, or too slow to be viable).


Bit-torrent isn't a systemic threat and there is in fact a specific legal framework the government created in the form of DMCA Safe Harbor to make many Bit Torrent actions legal, or at least if not legal, non-criminal.
Bitcoin has a market cap of $4.5 billion dollars. To an entity with $2.6 trillion under management and $100 billion in annual revenue, Bitcoin is a waste of time, but blockchain technology has value.
You can make fun of him all you want, but it doesn't make sense to and just makes people laugh at you. It's comments like yours which are why the general public treats people who are avidly Bitcoin with ridicule.
@_date: 2017-06-22 15:43:03
No, this is why Crypto will eventually be banned itself.
@_date: 2019-05-18 21:54:51
Or you know- the economy is growing, the population is growing, and we can get rid of some of our debt through inflation?
Transfusion implies the US is hemmoraging money or somehow unhealthy.
@_date: 2013-12-14 09:56:16
How exactly was I handled?
I love that you who have never even tried their service are so willing to form a favorable opinion, and then state that you will probably go through them.
Enjoy the experience.
@_date: 2017-06-16 18:12:20


Sure it can. It can simply be banned and any form of access to the blockchain be blacklisted traffic.
You're also fundamentally wrong and misread the paper / the three generals problem.
Trust is ensured by having a lot of self-interested actors who serve as checks on each other, not by everyone acting "selflessly."
@_date: 2013-12-03 03:22:27
I think it has a high likelyhood of failure, and I know what I'm talking about. That's not to say I don't have a few bitcoin sitting around in case it takes off. At a limit of 21 million possible coins, if it ever hits mainstream use, just having a few will keep you from being a serf.
@_date: 2013-12-03 15:11:57
Your parents did in your proxy so that you would receive the benefits of the society while you were young and vulnerable.
If you do not want to participate in the social contract, you can leave— your claim is even easier at the age of majority, but afterwards you are potentially estopped from such a claim because of your failure to exercise it. That said, I would never stop someone who wanted to leave. Better to have them do that, then to have them become a disruptive influence.
If you do choose to leave, you must leave society's assets behind absent perhaps the clothes on your back and maybe a small cache of food to get you started, as a parting gift from your previous society. We're not monsters.
@_date: 2013-12-14 09:00:39
Yeah. That type of simple dismissal of legitimate criticism and passive aggression may be cute for the BTC fanboy demographic, but it won't get you guys far with the broader market. I'm unsurprised that would be the response from a company which wants 90 days to respond to a complaint, forces arbitration, attempts to limit the statute of limitations on contract actions from six years to one, makes no warranties, etc... But hey, you've got 600,000 accounts; I just wonder what the churn rate is.
@_date: 2013-12-31 03:25:07
Try moving more than $10,000 across a border and tell me how easy it was.
Showing that you know where/how to access the BTC is considerably more difficult than with cash and other assets.
@_date: 2013-12-25 00:04:03


This is not the scenario I proposed.
Then you need to leave our society entirely, because we have all agreed not to have absolute freedom. We have agreed to limit our natural abilities in order to have a leviathan which maintains order and punishes.
Your unwillingness to submit to the social contract means you are not party to it. If you want to exist in the state of nature, go for it. But its going to be cruel and harsh.
@_date: 2013-12-14 08:14:33
I'm suggesting you act responsibly because as a financial services company dealing in a product with a lot of risk, trust is the most important asset you can have. 
It's unethical and greedy to continue to accept customers knowing that if there is a problem you have no way to resolve it quickly, and that makes you untrustworthy. I have no idea what the 99% to 1% statement comes from, and frankly doubt its truth value. Not only is that almost certainly not the case from basic sampling both on the internet and of my own friends, but when your site experiences downtime due to high traffic demand that affects 100% of your customers so you risk irritating your base just for some newcomers who may or may not stick around. Google and other tech companies generally understand not to grow too fast. You use an invite system as you add capacity, or similar. You guys want to grow fast and are doing it at the expense of your customers. I don't appreciate that.
I had a terrible experience with the site due to a complete lack of disclosure, inconsistent statements about its capabilities and performance, and the lack of support made me decide simply to go elsewhere.
No broker has ever treated me like that before, and for a 1% commission on a trade, I expect at a minimum to be able to get someone on the phone. Needless to say, I won't be recommending the service.
Edit: Also, your user agreement is laughable. I closed my account as soon as I took the time to read the terms; they are so one sided as to be unconscionable. They would never survive serious litigation. The 99% of people who use the service without problem aren't paying attention; even the delivery time is unreasonable.
@_date: 2013-12-31 09:31:49
People very rarely use cash for the types of transactions they are being encouraged to use Bitcoin for, ie, non-synchronous exchange with untrusted (or really even somewhat trusted) parties.
There are all sorts of procedures for dealing with international transactions or transactions at a distance, most notably letters of credit, which ensured trust. You basically are going to need to rebuild these systems for Bitcoin, which means youre not doing anything different. You're just replacing one system with another, but which has less exposure to government oversight. ACH doesn't take two days because the system sucks, it takes two days as a safety mechanism and has a 5 day reversal window built in to it.
@_date: 2013-12-17 05:19:01
Everytime I see one of these posts where someone who has likely never had any interaction with governments makes fun of their impotence, I lol.
It's not that governments can't stop you, or others, its that they just don't give a fuck.
@_date: 2013-12-18 03:29:11
1) How did this backfire? They don't give a shit about the bitcoin community's response, they give a shit about beer buyers who are somewhat cool. They identified with a hot trend and so got a piece of the cool.
2) Its not a bluff. Heineken doesn't sell retail except in their plant in Amsterdam. It's bars that need to accept virtual, not them.
3) This is what brands to do, capitalize on and co-opt trends. Get the fuck over it.
4) It's likely a joke, making fun of the bitcoin frenzy.
@_date: 2013-12-23 09:25:54
No, that it is not all evil or always evil.
@_date: 2013-12-25 04:22:33


Yes, that is your risk of doing business. Raise prices or have loss insurance, but I'm not going to accept the entirety of the risk premium by using a form of exchange like btc.


No they don't. Its seamless and easy.


Its a bad feature for services and products which are not delivered immediately and face-to-face. You need trust mechanisms in such environments; that's what credit cards and letters of credit are.
@_date: 2013-12-22 22:55:01
What is the argument that Bitcoin necessarily benefits mankind?
Your proposition, frankly, is one of the reasons I support governments taking Bitcoin out behind a wood-shed and shooting it. We don't have the technology yet to have a world of plenty for all, and what your proposing might lead to the destruction of the institutions which could eventually get us there.
@_date: 2013-12-17 07:41:49
Right, because you guys likely operate in a way where the amount of money coming and going is somewhat reasonable and seems to be for legitimate products or services, with some basic arbitrage trading on a float. You're also probably properly registered as a business, etc...
Coinbase is a straight money broker. Who the fuck knows who the counterparty to that money is, and Coinbase does not do any due dilligence or vetting and has terms which are incredibly broad meaning it will not do any of that. This creates the liability problems.
I also bet that Coinbase' impossible customer service is a reason for this— the expense of dealing with fraudulent transactions, reversed transactions, etc... just mean its best to not deal with them as a merchant.
Just as any merchant might get blackballed after too many reversed ACH Payments, my guess is Coinbase has to deal with that all the time, and or may be blocking a lot itself.
@_date: 2013-12-02 17:42:03
Actually, this represents a fundamental misunderstanding about wealth, ownership, and property.
The simple fact is that absent a social construct, ie a government or other leviathan, you have no right or access to anything. Ownership in the state of nature is through force, through possession, and people can take things from you.
In addition to this, everything which is created is basically created within this social construct or government, so what people own is what the government allows them to own or allows them to control / exert influence over.
People who like bitcoin fancy themselves to be these independent agents who have generated their own wealth or created something on their own, but really they have just created something within the fabric and structure of a broader society.
This interference is the governments right by virtue of being the substrate which allowed this wealth creation to occur, and if interference is no longer possible, taxes will be raised to compensate.
What makes bitcoin interesting is that people believe it should function the same way as a normal currency or other store of wealth because it relies upon social acceptance, ie everyone has to agree upon the blockchain. The problem is that this is an insufficient protection. You need a leviathan with more power, you need to be able to stop people who steal; to insure deposits against collapse; etc... and it ignores the reality of the sovereign states which have existed and are incredibly entrenched.
Once people figure out that the state of nature, a world without leviathans is a brutish place, decentralized currencies will collapse.
@_date: 2013-12-16 22:18:47
I use Chase. They treat me fantastically. I call them, get on the phone with a human within 30s. I can QuickPay to any other Chase Customer in seconds. It's like Bitcoin, but secure.
My experience with Coinbase? Fucking abysmal.
@_date: 2013-04-30 15:55:19


Correct. What your lawyer advises you is fine. Your jurisdiction may allow you to do that, but that doesn't make it right. I wasn't discussing the practical. You should lobby them to change it to be more equitable. For example, as an American, I lobby US congress to be more equitable with provisions such as capital gains and carried interest, which given our current income tax structure are simply non-sensical.
And yes, I think I'd mentioned something about singular world government might help ease, or circumvent, some of the problems you brought up.
Since all capital is basically the result of prior generations/individual's surplus labor, I think there is an ethical argument to be made that taxes should in effect progressively redistribute wealth among all members of humanity/society. Those that want to leverage, employ, or conduct transactions with capital owe a tithe to their fellow man for that privilege.
@_date: 2013-12-03 03:23:23
It's also saying if you do understand these three things, you will not call it a scam; and I think that's wrong.
@_date: 2013-12-23 01:01:03
You reply but you don't answer the question? What is the argument that Bitcoin necessarily benefits mankind.
@_date: 2013-12-06 20:26:32


Hahaha. They're a sovereign government with absolute dominion over China. They are restricted only by your Constitution, which grants them this right.


No it isn't. It is a natural human ability. When you live within a society, under the power of a leviathan, you give up such abilities in order to receive benefits rendered to you by the leviathan, and others who have agreed to live under its rule. Also, what they're restricting is a bit more complex than that. They're not limiting humans ability to barter, they're limiting corporations ability to accept certain kinds of barter arrangements.


This is hilarious to me.
@_date: 2013-12-14 07:58:16
That's irresponsible and greedy if you don't have the support capacity. Don't allow new signups until your response time to problems is under 24 hours.
@_date: 2013-12-23 07:08:49


This is a digression. You have not answered the question. But go read Plato's Republic.


Not sure what your point is. Or how you get to that number. Most of the killings are of other people's citizens and the word "murder" requires illegality. Most of the killings have been legal.


That we have this pretty cool thing called the internet which allows us to exchange ideas as we are doing right now. That we went to the Moon. That people in the US are more equal in the eyes of a leviathan than they've ever been. That there are more protected classes than ever. Is everything perfect? No. Have we reached an end game? No. 


Who said anything about ignoring evils? You appear to ignore the good. I recognize both, and weigh them.


I'm not sure, how many people has it murdered? Not a lot. Most of the people it kills it does so lawfully.
What shitty services does it monopolize? It doesn't monopolize many services at all, but I'd be happy to hear your opinion on it.


We haven't discussed anything yet. I asked the question what is the argument that Bitcoin necessarily benefits mankind. I don't even know where your entire rant comes from.
@_date: 2013-12-31 02:43:58
This is what will eventually lead to its downfall. The idea that you can't do chargebacks means its basically impossible to enforce a court order. The government has the right to confiscate anything you own as long as it follows due process.
Circumventing this basic premise of current social contracts destroys the point of even having a government.
@_date: 2013-12-14 09:23:10
No reply is better than an insincere reply. And I was a customer at one point. I am no longer because of their poor support.
@_date: 2013-04-30 08:34:42
You should be feeding all three equally with your capital gains from the project; ie you should have to pay capital gains in all and any jurisdictions involved in a transaction. Russia is the least involved, but they have a claim over your future economic activity should you decide to continue accepting the benefits of your Russian citizenship. You could give it up, and remove your tax obligation, but then you expose yourself to the risk of operating under the jurisdiction of another Sovereign, such as, Cyprus. Utilizing citizenship in stable nation's like the U.S. and Western Europe do have a cost, but it is in essence a premium for mitigating risk.
Essentially, the US' is the only entity with really the kind of global reach you need to effectively tax your citizens universally; all other Sovereigns should be taxing their citizens, it is just pragmatically difficulty. In fact, if anything the US tax policy is the most sensible, clear cut, and easy to follow, and therefore should be adopted as the international model. If people want the economic benefit of jurisdiction hopping, I have no problem seeing them taxed by multiple Sovereigns for the privilege. In fact, it basically just makes sense, and/or creates an incentive for a unified and integrated tax system and an entity capable of implementing it (ie world government, singular Sovereign).
As to your second paragraph, I disagree. You need to pay for the gain in both jurisdictions since a component of the transaction occurred in both jurisdictions. This is different than say, travelling to a foreign state, purchasing an appreciating asset, storing it there, and then returning later to sell the appreciated asset, and leaving the currency there in the form of another investment vehicle. Under that theory you could only pay taxes in that jurisdiction, but if you attempt to move the asset, ie repatriate it and then bring it back once it is time to sell, or move the gains once you have solid, you must pay taxes in both jurisdictions. Even the act of just moving the asset from one jurisdiction, to the location of purchase, should really subject it either to an "exit tax" or the understanding that any future economic gains from those assets are now encumbered with a tax claim from the original jurisdiction. An exit tax might be simpler.
@_date: 2013-12-03 14:28:35
I don't think its worthless. I think the massive downvotes highlight the internal inconsistency and absurdity of a lot of people's position on Bitcoin.
Do people want government interference, or not?
@_date: 2013-12-03 14:38:34
This is going to be unpopular but there's a kind of mistake you're making here when you say "their" money.
No one actually owns anything free and clear; or, rather, its very rare for that to be the case. For the most part every asset is dependent upon the society it was created in for its creation and its value. If you build a house, unless you do everything yourself from making the axe you use to chop the wood, etc... you are dependent upon society for assistance and so you do not own it yourself.
This means the social contract can impose terms on you, and your property is really just on loan to you from the government.
I know this will be deeply unpopular, but I think its important to look at the world this way in order to understand the how and why justifications for modifications to the social contract. This way, you can be better prepared to argue your case to other people and induce them to help you modify the social contract in ways that you prefer and benfit from, because you will not make it on your own, and many other methods will get you killed.
Edit: Guys, its very difficult to defend a position to people when you downvote my posts. It forces me to wait 8-10 minutes for even the simplest of responses. If you disagree with me, tell me why you disagree with me and we can have a conversation. But to downvote just suppresses differences of opinion, and harms the quality of debate and discussion for all.
@_date: 2013-12-23 09:58:43


No, fact.
There is a difference between legal and moral; and legal and good.
To not recognize that, is in fact ape think. If you want to operate in some delusional non-reality, that's fine, but those of us in reality won't take you seriously.
@_date: 2013-12-24 22:09:12
Aside from it being easier to hold onto cash or a more physical asset for a normal person, if you are robbed of cash or a physical asset, the police and your government will at least try to help you find it.
How exactly is a leviathan with limited jurisdiction going to help you find something which can be moved around the world in seconds?
It's not just that there is no protection with bitcoin, like there is no protection with cash, but that there are no FDIC insured banks, and no law enforcement agencies capable of helping you.
Also, you bring up freezing of accounts and I think this is very telling. If someone inhabits a society with me, part of the social contract that I want to participate in is one where your funds can be frozen by the leviathan. The very concept that your assets are not seizable by the central authority we all agreed to submit ourselves to makes you a threat to everyone else in that society. It makes you in effect unreachable by the leviathan and this to me is nonsense.
Next, chargebacks (reversibility) is an important feature of any financial clearing system, and I am happy to pay the insurance fee I do when I use my credit card for the protections which I get. The issue with cryptographic currency is that it then circumvents the judicial system being able to enforce a chargeback. If there is a dispute, and I get a judgement against you, I should be able to enforce the chargeback. Period. If we conducted the transaction in Bitcoin, there is absolutely no way to do this. And this is wrong.
Finally, as a thought experiment. Ever consider a man in the middle attack? IE a micropayment of a millibit out of a block of a bit. Someone with more compute and more greater access to nodes gets the transmitted key from my transaction before it is sufficiently confirmed, and enters it into a different part of the network, receiving more confirmations than I do more quickly, but changing the value of the split, so he gets the full coin rather than the millibit.
@_date: 2013-12-31 02:33:18
FYI, depending on your jurisdiction you may not be liable for the fraud. I would cancel the ACH authorization with your financial institution and then alert your credit card company which you tied to your Coinbase account of the fraud.
I would also not post about knowing this had to do with an attacker gaining physical access to your phone.
From a logical perspective, you did not authorize Coinbase to sell your real property. Someone else did. You did not authorize Coinbase to make further purchases. Someone else did.
In all likelihood you will not see the 12 btc back from Coinbase, though you could sue them for the damage because it sounds like the fault was in their software not due to your negligence, but the question of having someone else have physical access to your device makes this contestable.
At the very least, you can limit the harm. Fraudulent credit card transactions are not your liability, but the terms of when you can lawfully cancel an ACH transfer vary. IANAL, but my guess is you've satisfied them.
@_date: 2013-12-24 10:17:09
Cash maintains its value when disconnected from the network, so long as it is trusted that the network is still there.
However, absent the network, you cannot verify or complete a transaction.
Why people don't think this is problematic, I have no fucking idea.
@_date: 2013-12-14 18:34:42
They're a brokerage— when you buy and sell you are buying and selling with them as your counterparty and paying a 1% fee. Being forced to keep an unfilled position exposed for 5-7 business days is a ridiculous concept for a broker; either they've filled your order, and they can sell it immediately at the new price, or they are waiting to fill your order for the money to clear and there is no risk. They can keep their fees. 1% up, 1% down.
The issue is actually that you don't know what you're getting in to. They say four business days, but do not clearly define what a business day is (they settle in the way most advantageous to them) and then they do not necessarily even hit their four business day mark. For me, the moment they go passed whatever terms I agree to on the purchase page, the contract is voided— but then for me to have to take 90 days to get my money back from them or similar, is ridiculous. If they tie up my capital while figuring out that they breached terms, that causes me damage, but they want me to agree that I don't consider that damage? Please.
They also don't disclose that you are unable to execute a sell order until the amount in your account has cleared. If they want to limit activity after a purchase, they should disclose it; perhaps you can only sell and not buy more, but if you have an agreed upon purchase price, you should be able to agree to an exit price and then have the transaction settle later. You are not informed that the system does not function this way, and they advertise their system as being able to begin buying and selling bitcoin within minutes. This is a categorically false statement and misrepresentation to consumers.
The funny thing is to me, I have absolutely no need for bitcoin. My international wire fees are $15— when I'm sending a lot of money this is fine, and I have the security of trusting banks and the financial system. When I make smaller purchases, I actually like credit cards because I view the fee built into the cost as basically an insurance, recording, and regulatory cost— plus, I gain points as a trusted actor within the financial system. Furthermore, when I move money to others within the US or the banking system, or even my bank, it is quick, efficient, and just happens. ACH Payments are submitted day 1, and then clear the next at midnight— but other direct transfer services are even faster.
To me Bitcoin is an interesting solution to problems some other people have, but that just don't affect me, so any barrier, or any shift in the consumer experience is going to be critical to me, and most users of advanced banking services in the US. I call a number and I am directly connected to a human in the US who fixes my problem within a minute. With my various brokerages, I either know the guy, or am able to get quick support when necessary— and that's for online discount where they are certainly not taking a 1% cut of my action.
Overall, Coinbase is being run in a way which is unilaterally beneficial to them, and I think the type of people who use Bitcoin are smart enough to understand when its not in their interest.
@_date: 2013-12-24 09:34:52
And this is why we need to stop it. If you're in the wealthiest 500 million, you're out of your fucking mind if you support this type of threat to the system.
Oh yeah. Also, there's no credit or trust building component to Bitcoin. This is a major flaw, even if we ignore its deflationary tendencies.
It's one of these new libertarian anti-leviathan ideas, and frankly, that was tried before, and it was stupid. We need laws, we need regulation, because in resource constrained games, actors cannot be trusted, and Bitcoins are not actually useful for feeding oneself.
Finally, your numbers are wrong on basically every count, and the Byzantine Generals Problem was not solved by Bitcoin in 2008. Public Key Encryption was a long known solution, so you're straining your credibility.
How do we process transactions in the absence of electricity? 
Sounds like this is one of those "inventions" whose widespread adoption causes the world to plummet into chaos if it ever breaks.
Frankly, that risk isn't worth it.
@_date: 2013-12-03 14:59:35
Because I keep an open mind and am willing to be persuaded to change my mind when people make rational arguments which they support with salient facts.
That has not happened here.
@_date: 2013-12-03 15:32:27


I don't think its worthless. I think its valuable. You think its worthless. I am open to being convinced it is worthless, but you have not done so.


I think the explanation is very clear: music sales are only protected by government interference. Bitcoins target government interference. It's ironic if not hypocritical.
@_date: 2013-12-14 09:35:52
Actually, in a conversation, not addressing is pretty much the same thing as dismissing. At best it is a distinction without difference, and either way its an irrelevant semantic claim— but you can make things up if you want.
Your word choice and grammar in this and other comments (for example, that it's acceptable that someone didn't get a response because they didn't deserve one, or that they need to read the hilarious clauses in the User Agreement) reveals your lack of sincerity / blind acceptance of the irrational Coinbase Kool-Aid. You were being glib and rude with your use of Happy Holidays. I'm not offended; as I said, not surprised. The real offense is Coinbase' popularity on this sub.
@_date: 2013-12-31 18:27:17
Sigh. That isn't zero trust at all.
Who holds the risked funds?
You're talking about a fucking escrow service with a "geek-friendly" name.
And there's a 1% transaction fee for both parties. How is this "better" than using a credit card?
@_date: 2013-12-14 09:46:18
Having to wait five days to exit a position that's already been established is fundamentally insane to anyone who has ever worked with any modern broker.
@_date: 2013-12-03 03:57:01
Why are you charging for music? Information should be free.
Edit: Apparently everyone missed the /sarcasm and the point. Their product is only protected by government fiat. It's amusing to back a governmentless currency, since absent governments their product can simply be taken.
@_date: 2013-12-20 23:39:40
God you're an idiot.
In the real world, governments do things by shooting people.
It doesn't need to "stop" you from using Bitcoin, it just needs to proclaim it will shoot anyone found using it.
@_date: 2013-12-25 09:10:34
I agree that it would take a hit; however, I'm highlighting that one basically requires it, whereas the other would only be impeded.
@_date: 2013-12-03 14:18:35
You and everyone else missed the sarcasm/irony.
IP is protected by governments, yet bitcoin is an attempt to circumvent a core power of government.
@_date: 2013-12-13 00:19:44
No it isn't. If you Google VISA / Mastercard interchange fees, links to them on their own sites are basically the top hit. This is completely public information,
@_date: 2013-12-25 01:25:25
Is it possible for the US government to seize your bitcoins if you're careful?
@_date: 2013-12-24 21:56:09


The OP claimed differently, which was my point. His credibly is brought into question when he said:


Which is simply not fucking true. If you don't know this, it likely means you don't have the knowledge base to comment on Bitcoin in the way he was.
Furthermore, the POW system was not revolutionary or even novel itself. There were implementations in the 90s and even things like BitTorrent have a form of POW in terms of hashing blocks, or in the case of trackers, monitoring of download-to-upload ratios. These are not novel.


This is incorrect. The modern banking system works in a way that transactions can be settled absent power. They take longer because the settlement / clearing is centralized, so you do have the opportunity for check hangers etc to exploit the system, but it is limited by risk thresholds put in place by the spokes, whereas there is no way to reconcile a break down of trust in a decentralized system like Bitcoin.
Say the process is taken offline, and fraudulent transactions appear in the blockchain. The delay imposed by the offline world will cause the entire network to fragment. You can end up with individuals who believed they were assuming no risk, holding completely worthless coin, and who arbitrates? In centralized clearing, it is very clear who takes a haircut from fraud— here it is not.
Most importantly, cash works offline and without any clearing house.
@_date: 2013-12-31 02:56:45
No. Projected linear inflation is actually a very stable store of value. Stable doesn't mean that it stays the same, stable means low volatility, ie it changes predictably.
@_date: 2013-12-24 09:48:49
What about its vulnerability to the lack of electricty / lack of a contiguous global internet attack?
@_date: 2013-12-16 22:39:34
They expose themselves to criminal liability by not being able to ascertain where large quantities of money are coming from. It would be the same as showing up with large bags of cash every month and the bank ignoring it. You go to jail for that shit.
@_date: 2013-12-03 03:12:39
Look, I've bought in to participate to see if the experiment works, but I think you're absolutely wrong with this posting.
Sure, most people don't understand public/private key encryption or hashing, and that adds to their confusion, but I think most people who advocate using bitcoins don't understand money.
I think if you do understand money, you are in fact very skeptical of bitcoins ability to succeed.
First off, you need to understand that the clearing system is fundamentally different than traditional clearing systems— it requires consensus on the transaction, not just the two parties involved or the two parties and an intermediary agreeing, it literally requires everyone agreeing that proper value has been exchanged.... this is weird, and different, and to me the most interesting component of the system— honestly who the fuck knows if it will work, but a proof-of-concept of a decentralized clearing system could have real value to the financial community and consumers.
However, as an actually currency, it has some very obvious problems; ie the limited number of coins trying to serve as a method of exchange in a world of increasing assets leads to a natural deflationary action which destroys its function as a unit of account and even as a method exchange (trend toward investment rather than spending— controlled inflation is arguably good for currencies, and a flexible monetary supply is certainly beneficial to societies).
More importantly, it is very difficult to be used as an adequate store of value, since fully protecting oneself when using bitcoin is beyond the ability of most users, if not fundamentally impossible due to the structure and nature of the system. Theft is easy, virtually un-redressable, and loss of coins over time will further erode faith in the currency as a store of value, as well as enhance the deflationary trend.
Financial systems rely upon trust, and bitcoin is either a trustless system or a system which requires trust in all / the majority of actors depending on how you wish to describe it.
For these reasons, it is impossible to argue that understanding money forces you to view Bitcoin as an evolution. In fact, for many, Bitcoin is an abandonment of lessons we have learned about currency systems, what works and what doesn't, in order to avoid government regulation and other perceived harms from fiat systems.
The irony is just that; many/most of these harms are perceived and not actual. This discussion parallels discussions of libertarianism, which is an absurd casting off of much of what we have learned about why we need leviathans and governments to create baseline parameters, and other similar ridiculous demands from the tech sector (ie, AirBnB which circumvents all hotel regulations; some of which may be protectionist, but most of which are valid and developed for good cause— this is one of a thousand forms of "disruptive" technologies which aren't actually disruptive, they just circumvent some form of entrenched regulation or offset the cost of doing business onto others). Bitcoin is taking measures which if governments were really to allow, and take a step back from the way many seem to desire, would lead to the destruction of its proponents by strong men with guns who will simply take what they want.
When something is cheaper on the internet, or massively disruptive, its generally not because the technology or idea is somehow new, different, or innovative— its generally because some cost component is being moved. There is increased risk, someone else is covering part of the cost of delivery/distribution (ie any video content provider which relies on last mile connectivity provided by an ISP— of course they're cheaper, they don't have to pay certain costs and they have a reduced liability profile due to the DMCA)... there are thousands of examples like this.
To me Bitcoin is the same. It's cheaper because it has huge implied risk. If you want to use it, use it. But don't say that someone thinks its a scam doesn't understand money; there's a very good chance they specifically understand that risk, and simply can't fathom why someone would want a risky currency.
Also, while not a Ponzi scheme, it is at the least very very similar to a multilevel marketing scheme in its construction and behavior... this is.... problematic.... and this combined with the recognition of its necessary deflation and the unworkability of the hard limit on coins, is really the core of why some educated people may call it a scam. It, like all fiat currencies, is a confidence game. Which means its no better, and its worse because it doesn't have a clear entity backing or supporting it, leaving it prone to collapse. The redemption or value of US currency is ultimately back stopped by the US' future tax revenue. This was huge for the banking community because it put an end to the cycle of Kings renegging on debts and the Bankers having to fund other Kings to go kill them.
Now, this isn't to say it's clear whose position is right. And I've put a small percentage of my net worth into the project because I am curious in some of the ideas proposed, and frankly, I didn't want to be left holding my dick if I'm wrong. It's kind of a hedge against the world financial system shooting itself in the foot.
But I don't think its wise to go about issuing such polarizing statements. You want to convince people its not a scam, not dismiss their concerns without consideration. Perhaps their concerns are valid, and slight modifications to future cryptocurrencies could lead to something truly great, without the same risks and pitfalls, or even if its not one, but a basket of several; say a digibond or digitreasury for storing, a digicoin with limited lifespan for active use (say, 30 days, though of course there would be no time value baked into it, a lack of liquidity should not cause you to forfeit value, though perhaps this question merits further consideration), constantly expiring, constantly being regenerated, and constantly being adjusted due to market demand and inflation targets, even if the target is 0, with a diginet for clearing transactions.
Push the envelope with ideas; don't get on people's backs.
@_date: 2013-12-31 19:06:07
Your interpretation is wrong. These aren't OS level exploits.
@_date: 2013-12-03 15:21:56
Taking a parcel of land by force is perfectly acceptable. You might die trying, but you have no inherent right to land, just like any other creature. If you don't like the variety of social contracts available to you, I would suggest getting some people together and taking over a country.
@_date: 2013-12-23 12:09:10


No. Resources and the ability to distribute those resources and sustainably maintain their production and distribution.




Not sure what your point is here. The goal of Bitcoin is not to replace hard assets as a store of value... I think you don't understand Bitcoin if you think that's what its for.