@_author: modest_mcgee
@_date: 2015-05-30 18:45:40
Sorry, that was a bad example, let me try again. If there's an open air drug market on city property would the city be responsible for my death if I OD'ed? Ross did not directly sell those kids drugs, he simply provided a market for them to use. I'm not trying to say Ross should be free of all charges, he's definitely a criminal, but I just don't agree with guilt-tripping the jury. 
@_date: 2015-05-30 16:40:31
I agree with you; although there is a world of difference between creating, operating, profiting from the site than just using it. A person ordering small amounts for personal use only can deny everything and avoid all charges if they are smart. In (most) cases where small time users have been caught, the only evidence is that there were drugs mailed to them, which is completely deniable. 
@_date: 2015-05-30 03:46:14
That's what pissed me off the most, he has nothing to do with those kids overdosing. If I order a knife from Amazon and use it to kill myself will they be held accountable? Bringing those parents in was a low fucking blow. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 04:45:26
The process for DNM arrests is complicated and tedious because of the fact that it's very difficult to obtain hard evidence. Ross had multiple agencies from multiple countries investigating the case for multiple years before they could find him and make an arrest, and even when they did, all it would take was his laptop being closed to ruin every speck of evidence they had. The only way for a small time user to get busted is for a package to be discovered, they're not paying people to search for the kid ordering a gram of MDMA. And if their package is discovered, how do you prove that they knew that package was coming? Even with the controlled delivery technique (getting the person to sign for the package to "prove" they knew the drugs were coming) a half-assed lawyer can clear the charges. I've had weeks where I've gotten 20+ packages from Amazon, so I have no clue what every package is going to look like. I'm not encouraging people to use the DNM, but it's a lot easier to get away with than people think. 
Imagine a scenario where someone mails you drugs with intent of it getting discovered and you getting arrested. The cops can't just go, oh this has your name on it, it has to be yours! 
TL;DR- if you order drugs from the internet and get caught, deny deny deny. 
@_date: 2015-05-30 15:02:25
Never said they haven't, all I'm saying I that there are sites operating with a heck of a lot more traffic (Agora for example). 
@_date: 2015-05-30 03:50:57
The Silk Road looks like child's play compared to the size of sites that are running now. Ross started a fucking revolution, DNMs are only going up from here. The only thing this trial did is raise awareness of the usefulness of the Dark Net. 