@_author: modquark
@_date: 2016-07-24 16:24:12
I see that you've stopped trying to claim that physical theft and copying are similar.
@_date: 2016-07-22 18:53:43


You can't think of any historical instances where audiences went to watch performances even when IP laws didn't exist? And then extrapolate how that might have evolved using new technology? Or how demand for new types of performances and/or new functionality for existing performances might not have driven technology?
Like I said, the scope of your imagination is completely limited by your preconceptions.


Pharmaceutical industry is one of the best examples of how IP protection has promoted a lack of competition.
They completely rest on their laurels of their patents, and often use legal intimidation to try and avoid having to compete. 
Their often-stated canard about needing IP protection to subsidize their R&amp;D is shown as blatant propaganda by comparing the size of their R&amp;D budgets against their advertising budgets, showing what they consider to be more important.
That industry completely needs to be forced into intense competition to get rid of the deadweight &amp; to force innovation. Getting rid of most of their IP protection would be a major kickstart in that direction.


Any research that is expensive for you is also expensive for your competitors. Whoever reaches market first has a window where they can make some profit before the competitors catch up. Once they catch up, however, then you'd better have more stuff in the R&amp;D pipeline so you can stay ahead.
Like I said, competition forces a relentless drive for both innovation &amp; execution. Good for the consumers, tough on the businesses.
IP laws are there to help business discourage competition. Not good for the consumers, and not good for innovation.


You make it sound like copying technology is so easy that even a monkey could do it as long they're paid a few bananas. You have a grossly inflated idea of the value of the type of technology that can be copied that easily.
And even if it gets copied, so what? That means that there's TWO companies competing with each other with better products for the consumers. Win for the consumers!


1) You're _really_ exaggerating_ how easy it is to copy significant technology. The good stuff takes years to understand &amp; integrate into products/services. Plenty of time to build up a market advantage for efficiently-run companies.


As I have been repeatedly saying, someone who doesn't want their marketshare taken away by a competitor who IS doing the research.
@_date: 2016-07-22 15:24:21
If theft and copyright violations were considered to be legally identical, then we wouldn't need completely different sets of laws to describe them.
@_date: 2016-07-22 17:18:29


And this exactly demonstrates your blind spot. You start from the form of the existing movie industry and try and imagine how they could survive if IP laws were removed.
You are not trying to imagine a world where the current movie industry has never existed, and how such a world would develop without the existence of any IP laws.




If your research is so easily copiable that competitors could beat you to market in 1 day, then it wasn't worth anywhere near the value you think it has, and you'd be a fool to depend on it as a important part of your business model.
Meaningful research will give you months, if not years, of time-to-market advantage. When that advantage is over, then you'd better have more R&amp;D in the pipeline to keep your advantage over your competitors.


Wrong. 
If you don't do research, then any of your competitors who do, will take your marketshare with better products and services. The fact that you no longer have to worry about getting sued for whatever ideas you use will only accelerate R&amp;D. The result is a neverending arms race of better products &amp; services at cheaper prices for consumers.
The only issue is that the competing companies can't suppress their competition through IP challenges, so they'll have to compete based on execution. Assuming intelligent leaders, this will probably result in less profit for all competitors, but for the benefit of the consumers. 


You keep saying this without any real argument as to why it will be so. At least I'm using basic simple market theory description of competitive forces as my basic concept.
@_date: 2016-07-22 16:50:51


There are specific law for everything -- shelves full of laws.
No, they're not even remotely similar; they are completely different categories of types of laws.
One category is for real, physical theft and the other is to control copying of information. If you think those are similar, then you're being very confused - or deliberately trying to be confusing.
@_date: 2016-07-22 17:22:45




No they aren't, and just repeating yourself won't make it any more true.


Huh, by that standard, public indecency and trespassing are both crimes, so they must be the same.
I hope you realize how silly that argument sounded.
@_date: 2016-07-22 15:47:00


You're starting from the assumption that the current form of the content-creation industry is the most desirable situation, and then rationalizing how the current IP laws need to protect it.
What would the world be like if the IP concept had never become so prevalent?


Funny how I've never seen a formal study that shows that this effect actually exists as a significant factor, only lots of opinion pieces that state that it must be true, like an article of faith.
I could easily point out that _competition_ is the strongest reason why businesses must invest in R&amp;D, at least if they want to last longer than the sales cycle of a single product. IP laws are just a way to reduce the effects of competition.


You believe this because it is what you are used to, and have trouble imagining how a economy might function properly without such laws.
@_date: 2016-07-22 19:23:18
You're trying to tie two concepts together in a way that doesn't exist. There is no "analogy" to form, therefore the way you are using the word is meaningless.
@_date: 2016-07-24 15:43:57
Nothing in the thread has tied the concept of physical theft and copying together. I'm not even sure at this point if you are actually understanding the words you are trying to use.
@_date: 2016-07-22 15:17:53


Huh, maybe you should be expecting to get paid for providing the service of writing &amp; performing, like every other craftsperson on the planet who don't have special laws to control what their customers do with their purchased property.
@_date: 2016-07-22 15:21:38


Why does this right trump the right of the customers to do whatever they want with their legally purchased property, including the right to make copies of it?
@_date: 2016-07-24 15:58:59




Which aspect would you like to discuss, in particular?
The copying of the CC is not a theft. The usage of the information to transfer ownership of my assets is when the theft is occurring. Two different concepts which are not analogous to each other. Analogous implies they are similar, but the relationship in your example is causal, not similarity.
@_date: 2016-07-22 15:35:40




Copyright does not involve signing a contract with legal obligations, so I'm not sure what your point is.