@_author: moduspol
@_date: 2018-01-29 13:58:28
Not unfair--just pointless.
It says right on the chart "assuming infinite channel capacities." Literally this translates to "assuming everyone locks up infinite money to potentially send and receive with a random peer."
But that's pointless. "Finding a route" is only one part of making that payment. The other is ensuring the route is well-funded enough to do it, and people won't just commit significant amounts of money to random peers for the purpose of decentralization to the benefit of their peers. That the network would look more decentralized if they did means nothing.
That's not to say LN won't work. From what I can see, it will. I just don't see how it won't undoubtedly end up with a few big supernodes being targeted for money transmitter licenses.
@_date: 2018-01-24 20:59:40


Exactly. You won't need 100 channels because it will be far easier to open just one or two. But you'll want them to be to large hubs who also have large funds in their channels, so the users will naturally rationally gravitate toward big, centralized, highly available nodes.
You won't open a 0.5 BTC channel to Starbucks, or Bob. You'd want to open a 50 BTC channel to Chase, who you already know has a 5 million BTC channel to BofA and another to Wells Fargo that they keep well-funded in both directions.


Mostly, but for most users, it's not always secure, configured properly, or running the same software as it was a year ago. You know what else is always online? And makes their business in securing their customers' money?


I agree, but this is just meaningless, though. If the system is designed where most end users are incentivized to do it, they will. And LN still does that, just as high transaction fees do today.


Not if they don't use it. Without significant changes, the incentives are all in place for most Bitcoin users to outsource the complexities and intricacies of using it to someone better suited, more centralized, and easily targeted for regulation.
@_date: 2018-01-29 21:42:55


Large nodes with sufficient bandwidth, funding, and security such that users who open a channel with them can reasonably expect to be able to send and receive as much money as they (a normal person) sends and receives normally over time.


The existence isn't bad at all. The problem is what is incentivized as a result. I fear that for 99.9% of legitimate users and businesses, the incentive will be to just connect to one of these super nodes (or worse, just let that node also send / receive transactions on your behalf) and put enough BTC in the channel to support your recurring purchases / incomes.
If Lowe's, McDonald's, and State Farm are all connected (and well-financed) through the Wells Fargo node, and the Wells Fargo node is connected (and well-financed) through other big bank nodes, those businesses will have no significant incentive to open payment channels just for nerds who don't like centralization. By connecting to their one big node, they can process payments instantly and never have to think or worry about routing or transaction fees.
If the vast majority of common use cases are through big supernodes, which are addressable and not anonymous, taking an active role in transferring money between parties, and personally in control of a lot of money enabling this network (which they will be, for well-funded channels), then they are a clear and easy target for regulation. It will be very easy to restrict the US-based super-nodes to whatever laws are deemed necessary, including MSB and KYC regulations.
It is fundamentally problematic (in terms of avoiding regulation) when regulation can be created that allows "legitimate" use cases to continue but blocks all the tiny minority possibly "illegitimate" ones. That's basically how we got to where we are today. 


Here's [31 CFR 1010.100]( the legal definition of a money services business:




If you are holding a ton of money (as necessary for well-funded channels), addressable and not anonymous, then you've eliminated the loophole that avoids miners and nodes being classified. As a LN node, you are actively receiving one person's BTC on the condition that you send other BTC to someone else, and probably getting paid a fee for it. I don't see how this won't clearly be seen as a MSB.
@_date: 2018-01-26 11:59:16
Nah. I've only seen the other side outraged over stealing words.
@_date: 2018-01-03 12:59:50
That is really cool. I'm up for the technical part, but not as much the DIY part. And the wife would want it to look pretty.
I guess I'm saying I'd easily pay $100-$200 for the non-technical parts already done and looking good. Maybe with a selection of different frames. Someone should start an Etsy shop or something.
@_date: 2018-01-30 03:12:57


As a normal person? Not much. As a bank? Plenty. Those things are their bread and butter. They'll charge some level of fee and that'll be that.


My concern is you won't be given that choice. Best Buy won't have an incentive to manage / keep funded arbitrary private channels (along with the associated BTC fees to do that) just in case certain techies don't want to pay through a supernode. They'll just be connected through a supernode, and if you want to pay them, your LN transaction will go through that channel. And that'll be totally fine for all normal consumers.
If most other businesses are this way, that won't stop LN functioning between techies just the way you're describing. But for practical uses, you'll have to have a big chunk of your money tied into a LN channel with a supernode, and they'll likely want to make sure they're not transferring money for a terrorist.
@_date: 2018-01-24 20:03:22
It incentivizes centralization due to the costs, wait times, and fund lockup of opening a channel. People won't want to manage 100 different channels or wait for opening a new one to confirm when they're wanting to pay. And they won't want to be personally running a node just to receive money, so that'll be done by someone else, and that someone else will need to have their private key, and as a result, will have custodial control.
That doesn't make LN itself look like a bank, but in a world where LN becomes commonplace, I don't see how it wouldn't inevitably end up with the vast majority of people and businesses making use of it the same way they do today with banks. And that's problematic because it makes it easy to target with regulation. That LN continues to theoretically work for entirely decentralized use cases is meaningless if normal people / businesses only really use it through their bank, because then it's vulnerable to being controlled.
@_date: 2018-01-24 21:24:18


Then you're entirely missing the point. I don't want to pay $18 every time I open a channel. I want to open one big channel and pay for my $5 coffees, $300 car payments, and the like through it. People would almost certainly open channels big enough to represent the most they'll normally spend and receive over some period of time, because anything less means they'll be paying big BTC transaction fees just to open and close channels more often.
Consider how you'd get your biweekly paycheck and how you'll make your mortgage payment, car payments, etc. You'll want all of those potential spending and incomes covered in that channel because otherwise it'll be costly to spend that money.
Maybe it won't be 50 BTC for most people, but the point is that the "open channel with coffee shop" premise is flawed. You'll necessarily want to only tie up your funds with nodes that allow you to send and receive with virtually anyone, and that will be "an amount representing the amount of money you plan to send / receive" to a large super node. That's where the incentives lie.
There is no incentive to open small channels with small peers for small amounts of money.


The need for having an always-connected node to receive payments explicitly incentivizes this. The existence of cellphones proves little, as illustrated previously.


No you don't. You could use a bank that uses it. Just like many enjoy the benefits of Bitcoin through Coinbase or (previously) Bitpay. And if LN incentivizes having someone else use it for you (as it does in its current iteration), it will continue to be the case.
@_date: 2018-01-29 13:46:11
...and Burger King is now serving exclusively spaghetti. The spaghetti itself is good and the restaurant is profitable, but that doesn't change the fact that it's not what Burger King was or was intended to be.
Burger King fans tell you that it was never about burgers, it was about eating dinner. And it still is. It's just not really good if you want burgers any more, and nobody's totally sure if Burger King's value will stay high if they only serve spaghetti.
@_date: 2018-01-01 20:29:09
I think the commenter you're responding to was being sarcastic.
@_date: 2018-01-24 20:25:04


Not without limit. You can pay anyone else only up to the maximum amount of funds locked between the links of those channels, if I'm understanding this correctly. If I have 10 BTC and a LN channel to Party A, and Party A has 5 BTC tied in a LN channel to Party B, I can't pay more than 5 BTC to Party B. Probably less in practice because lots of other people will have channels with Party A and paying Party B. This won't get more simple with thousands or millions of interconnected parties.
That all incentivizes really big payment channels to minimize having to re-open channels (BTC fees) or go through many hops (LN fees).


I may not understand, so correct me if I'm wrong. Can you pay me over LN without me having a node online, that has access to my private key, for me to sign the latest state of the channel?
If not, do you expect normal users to run their own nodes with control of their private keys?


Of course it can, if the proposed solution to Bitcoin's scaling issues (LN) ends up incentivizing normal users and businesses to have someone else running a node with their private key for them, and centralizing which LN nodes are used. The most obvious solution will be to have a company do that for you, and that company will resemble a bank.


How many Bitcoin users are actually running their own wallet software now as opposed to relying on a company like Coinbase? You're obfuscating the discussion to focus on the technology and not its implications in practice.
@_date: 2017-12-28 22:54:24
What makes you think people will vote only to be paid for a life with no “fun?” And what do you expect will happen if you’re wrong?
@_date: 2017-12-28 22:00:11
Any response to the concerns raised in my comment?
@_date: 2017-12-29 02:06:25


We do, in the form of Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. All of which make up 2/3 of the federal budget, are politically impossible to reduce, and are often proposed for expansion (at least by one party).
It is already happening. UBI just accelerates it, since we've then already got a program in place sending everyone a check.


Nearly half of Americans pay no federal income taxes at all *today*. That number is not going to decrease when everyone is paid enough to not have to work. People won't suddenly shrug off income inequality or class warfare, and they'll have all the time in the world to organize politically.
The "people who pay taxes" will be a shrinking minority. Their wishes about how much they are taxed will become increasingly irrelevant. And I've yet to see any competent "exit plan" in case UBI fails that doesn't end in societal catastrophe.
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:22:01
I'm looking at it now and the cheapest tier that includes investment income is $59.99, plus $36.99 for your state.
@_date: 2017-12-20 14:26:58
That was real.
Trade history shows trades between BCH and USD, but not any between BTC and BCH. Parent post is asking why we didn't see people sell off their BCH for BTC.
The evidence suggests they couldn't have--at least on GDAX.
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:42:56
It's also a far cry from actual insider trading. The FUD here is ridiculous.
@_date: 2017-12-28 21:07:27
There doesn't exist enough money in the world to fund UBI with a democratic government.
It's fundamentally untenable. It's an ever-increasing majority voting to take more and more from an ever-decreasing minority. I mean--we already have that without UBI, but it'll become dramatically worse when people are literally voting for how much they want to be paid. 
And when it fails, now we've got a society where the productive have fled, and all that's left are people who've spent X years of their life not working and being told their every need will be provided for them. The inevitable outcome of UBI (and policies like it) are one of the key reasons I so strongly support Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-16 13:48:30
The only ones I mention it to are my family members who called me an idiot when I first bought in years ago.
That's the difference between Bitcoin and retirement funds. People don't call you an idiot for investing in retirement funds, and get more and more insistent that they're a pyramid scheme the more they're proven wrong.
@_date: 2017-12-08 02:49:48
Parent comment suggests important money transactions still aren't available in crypto, but Amazon has a lot of stuff and you can get a $2k gift card on egifter with crypto.
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:51:46


This didn't work out so great for people in Venezuela or Zimbabwe.
@_date: 2017-12-20 13:47:12
I don't think BCH/BTC trades actually happened on GDAX. The trade history is empty there, but you can see the trade history on BCH/USD.
@_date: 2017-12-07 20:44:42
You can get a $2k Amazon gift card with crypto. That covers a lot.
@_date: 2017-08-01 12:01:43


Yes--the Mt. Gox strategy. Assume no foul play and hope for the best.
Obviously they could reasonably expect an increase in withdrawals around this time, but this is a fairly unprecedented event in Bitcoin's history. I think we should cut them some slack.
@_date: 2017-08-17 13:59:27
Or hold onto it for another five or ten years when the crypto is more feasibly crackable.
My quick research suggests the public keys (and resulting balance) should be able to be confirmed without decrypting the private keys, so it would simply be a matter of watching until [AES-256-CBC]( cracking becomes cheaper than the expected value.
Then you just hope that nobody is messing with you by including corrupted / invalid private keys and one of Satoshi's public keys (or whoever). It would be pretty depressing to spend thousands of dollars expecting a multi-million dollar payday just to find out it's a hoax.
@_date: 2017-08-17 14:01:43
If the private keys are encrypted, couldn't someone troll him by encrypting corrupted / invalid ones and including the public key to (e.g.) one of Satoshi's addresses?
Or do they have some way of validating that the encrypted private key truly does correspond to the unencrypted public key?
@_date: 2017-04-25 09:46:25
My concerns (generally) are:
 * The debt, over time, is only ever increasing, and at an increasing rate
 * Nobody really knows how much is too much
 * Virtually any accounting issue can be explained away if the issue is sufficiently complex (it is) person wanting to explain it is sufficiently motivated
 * Society has become dependent on some big government expenditures
 * Some world views are (whether they acknowledge it or not) based on having a near limitless pool of money that can be pulled from
This kind of puts us in a spot where a significant chunk of people are in a position where they can't or won't acknowledge when there's too much debt. The US is in a unique position historically being the world's reserve currency, but it's been less than a decade since we were dangling over the precipice in 2008 and people are back to explaining why putting all our eggs in one basket is totally fine after all. 
We're well past the point where, historically, if we have another 2008 and hyperinflation starts, it would even require a significant explanation in history books. There'd be a nice chart like the one in OP, and decades from now, people would read the paragraph, look at the chart, and say, "Wow, how was it not obvious they can't simply borrow more and more money indefinitely? Clearly this was unsustainable." You know, like we look at Greece now.
I don't think anyone's arguing to pay off all our debt. Personally I'm not sure it'd be that terrible if it at least tracked GDP or had some feasible repayment schedule. The idea that we can just "play chicken" indefinitely because everyone else (hopefully) has a strong interest in us not failing doesn't inspire a lot of confidence.
@_date: 2017-04-24 22:15:42
I'm not sure why you would worry. I've been told repeatedly by some very intelligent people that "It's not that simple," "you wouldn't understand," and "debt is good." That seemed good enough for me.
@_date: 2017-04-25 14:46:05
Putting aside the heavy shakeup if the dollar were to become worthless, yes, for now.
However, as the situation in Greece became less and less sustainable, did the Greek people acknowledge where things went wrong and make the necessary changes to bring themselves back to prosperity? How many times did they elect people who reassured them the problems weren't as bad as some say, and that the policies could continue?
There's no requirement that we "play chicken" with how much debt we can take on. We could set some limits that, dare I say it, err on the side of conservative fiscal policy, and then deal with the tough political consequences of reining in entitlement programs and the like. But that's not the direction we're headed.
@_date: 2017-05-27 21:55:59
Yeah. It's tough to tell without specifics, but if they pled guilty, it's likely for some kind of deal.
@_date: 2017-07-07 14:08:16
If I had to guess, it'd be useful later on to know that someone had strict security settings when they go to prove someone is money laundering or something. It becomes tougher to argue it could have been someone else with 2FA, cross-referenced with IP addresses and device types used for logins, etc.
@_date: 2017-05-25 11:09:46
It almost sounds like a Chuck Norris joke.
@_date: 2017-07-26 17:59:46


Maybe he could hire [HBC's lawyers](