@_author: moeydw_08
@_date: 2014-01-24 13:49:16
Before: Look at the price guise!!!!!! Its $1200 and going to $2500 by the end of the year, GET IN NOW BEFORE ITS TOO LATE!!!!! bUY it uP GoYS!!!
Now: Just stop looking at the price. Stop thinking and just buy.. Look, do you support Bitcoin or not? If you do then just fucking buy already and shutup and stop posting these annoying reminders.
Look through GibbsSamplePlatter's history. On December 3, when the price was at $1185 he was literally saying 'BUY BUY BUY'. Now either he's a lying shill with no conviction in he's own words and is trying to dupe people into investing their money in a falling asset, or he invested at that time and is now trying to desperately avoid realizing his losses.
@_date: 2014-01-24 13:30:22
Health is an arbitrary measure
What is 'good health' today isn't the same as what was considered good health 100 years ago
But would you argue that determining what is 'healthy' is senseless? Of course not. We may not know what *exactly* to expect, but we have indications - we still have objective phenonoma based on which we can make good and bad decisions. For instance someone who feels constantly listless probably isnt mentally healthy, though its healthy to feel that way sometimes for brief periods.
Its similar with economic bubbles. There are known signs of what a bubble is, and some degree of speculation is normal in any market, but clearly in this case it is extremely speculative, volatile and far distanced from the true fundamental value of the asset
@_date: 2014-01-24 13:16:36
This sounds almost EXACTLY like something I would hear said during the speculative mania of the dot com bubble
@_date: 2014-01-24 13:06:19
This guy was one of the few to call the US housing bubble and is held in very high regard as an academic
I recommend you watch some of his freely available lectures, you might learn something about how the real world works
I tried to warn you - search 'shillers checklist' on r/bitcoin
Good to see Shiller has finally weighed into this himself and has given the firm assertion that Bitcoin is in a bubble
Perhaps this will dissuade some of the poor mugs here from believing the shills and mods with vested interests in pumping up the price of bitcoin.