@_author: mohawkman7
@_date: 2013-09-26 23:49:06
I must say, WOW.  Not only is the artwork great, but the web design is amazing!  It isn't often that you find good web design nowadays.  good on your daughter for being one of the good ones!
@_date: 2013-09-22 17:30:27
All valid points and thanks for your time posting.  
So even GPU mining isn't cutting it nowadays?  its ASICs or nothing?  
And with what you said about in the future people will just barely be breaking even.... How does that make any sense at all?  What incentive will they have to keep going if they are only breaking even?  It would end up becoming a waste of their time and we would have no one to process the transactions.
I do have a bank account and will probably try out bitmit.  We'll see how it goes!  
@_date: 2013-09-22 16:11:22
yah, I've seen a lot about the difficulty skyrocketing and it becoming a losing venture.  But, on the other hand, that really doesnt make much sense.  There HAS to be some sort of way to mine bitcoins successfully.  If there isn't, and no one is making money, then the whole bitcoin structure will collapse.  With this in mind I'm just finding it hard to believe that its impossible to make money.  Also, do you have any insight as to why the price per bitcoin isn't going up along with the difficulty?  That should be how it works, and would be a way to make mining profitable.  
On the other hand, do you have any tips on how to get started buying/selling bitcoins or any other ALT currency?  The main problem I'm seeing is getting the first few bitcoins... seeing as I cant just use a credit card, how do I go about this?
@_date: 2013-09-22 18:47:52
thanks for the info!  I haven't really decided on the route that I want to go yet but I just really want to be a part of the BitCoin community as I can actually see it going somewhere.  Even if this isn't going to make me the big bucks it makes my geek senses tingle at the thought of it... I have to give it a try!  I'll keep doing some research and get my funds together and soon enough I'm sure ill have my first bitcoin!