@_author: mohavewolfpup
@_date: 2014-06-27 02:00:39
With the hassle/fraud of needing ASIC miners shoved into caves just to mine coins, that's strike one for me. And strike two is stuff like this.
I don't trust people to begin with, so I don't see a reason to keep money in something that is prone to theft/loss/failure (hard disk crash) and that needs a degree in rocket ships and math to even understand.
I get it's message of decentralized currency, which isn't bad. but Somehow a mayo jar buried in a hidden yard spot seems more secure then this.
I bet there is a lot of unpublished flaws with bitcoin and it's variants that never see the light of day due to it being easy to fleece people with it. Now that's mainstream, everyone flocks to it. so more victims.
Siphon small amounts of it out of smaller wallets and larger amounts out of large wallets and no one may be any wiser
@_date: 2014-06-27 06:31:55
It's too expensive to purchase and fraught with problems. Since the artificial market crash, it's past the point of no return. I'm not risking my meager money on a flash in the pan currency fraught with problems that feels rigged for the ground floor majority
I have enough of that in my wallet as it is. I frankly hate anything financial related. The greedy gatekeepers swarm it instantly and poison the well. bitcoin might as well be the US Dollar, it's got it's own bullshit at this point
@_date: 2014-06-27 05:11:55
Thanks for the tips, but the bitcoin market and it's variants are bled dry and full of my most hated word in life: speculators. Would be fun to try mining, but I am not going to dump piles of cash on mining rigs just to make some elitist prick selling them rich.
The costs of them, even one or two would be a waste of actual money to me. I could buy land in a town nearby for the cost of one rig and probably the whole town with a entire setup to smash the titans at their speculation game.
It's a stacked deck now, not wasting my time on finding the rare 1 bitcoin in a hay stack and cashing out. I don't play well in communities where the elitist few hold court over the rest of the masses. That is what bitcoin feels like. It's gone from looking like a nerd convention with too much math to the same trash ruining towns with real estate speculation swarming around it and locking up the market.
The ground floor has dropped out and only a few titans are in it, as anonymous as they are. And I don't do battle with that