@_author: moist_pillow
@_date: 2019-07-09 15:27:58
That was a good presentation.
@_date: 2019-06-20 21:25:47
It's fun to make fun of projects like this because FB is an easy target, but it's actually a very important step forward for cryptocurrencies as a whole. I see a lot of people taking shots at what they suspect the policies behind the Libra wallet will be, or how consensus is built on the backend. As funny as those comments might be, they are not accurate in the information they are sourcing. The LibraBFT consensus is actually quite a novel implementation. It is a blockchain whether it is permissioned or not, and the thing(s) from which it derives value has nothing to do with its use as a currency in a blockchain network.
There seems to be a very ignorant sect of crypto-fanatics that all want to see fiat currency wiped off the face of the earth to make way for some fabled God Coin to rule them all. That's one of the most disappointing things to me. That kind of thinking is simply irresponsible and is as dangerous as that of the central bankers they all hate so well.
@_date: 2019-06-20 18:00:29
I really think it could something useful for pen-testing on the go or for people getting started in the Ethical Hacking space that don't want to spend the money on a high-powered gaming laptop or new desktop GPU.
Masternode operators would be CRACK-heads and they would run  zk-CRACKs in a distributed CRACK network of dedicated CRACKers (client nodes)
@_date: 2019-06-21 06:06:31
No joke, I honestly love when people say "you don't need a blockchain for [insert literally anything here]". No, you don't "need" a blockchain to operate anything, ever, at all, end of story. The same way we didn't "need" internet in order to communicate with people across the world, or we didn't "need" cars when we had perfectly good horses, or we don't "need" to encrypt sensitive information we send over untrusted environments.
What I referenced doing in this post is clearly a business model that is so far in the gray, it's nearly black. Operating a centralized server to do what was mentioned in the above comments would make it very easy for any government authority to find, and shut it down, while placing all the blame on me (deservedly so). Through a blockchain model, not only can the heavy computing power necessary to operate an effective crack service be spread amongst thousands of people and devices from geographically diverse locations, but so could the inherent ethical responsibility. Furthermore, decentralized networks for the incentivization of work through the distribution of real value to those who contribute accordingly sounds far more appealing to me than just keeping it all for myself. Not to mention the fact that it would simply be easier to develop such a network with a group of experienced anons, than by myself. Why do you think Satoshi Nakamoto was as secretive as he was when he was developing the Bitcoin Blockchain?
See OP's first comment to gain understanding of the costs and computing power needed to run a relatively small machine, doing the same thing and tell me if you still think its feasible for a single person to scale that by 100x or more in order to serve potentially thousands of requests per day.
@_date: 2019-06-21 15:53:09
I agree that cryptos and blockchain can provide the world with a more fair monetary system. I am a huge proponent of Bitcoin, Ethereum, altcoins, and enterprise blockchain. I simply realize that the kind of monetary system to which I just referred, the one that we all want, is not going to run on bitcoin. I love bitcoin, but it is not the end all and be all of cryptos. Neither is Libra, but it is a good thing for the market and the world as a whole.
@_date: 2019-06-21 04:46:57
The open source code is available and the test net is live. They have not "launched" anything yet.
@_date: 2019-06-21 06:28:35
When people ask "aren't cryptos the same as any other currency?"
Edit: and they don't know the diff between ETH and BTC
@_date: 2019-06-20 15:23:33
I've often thought of repurposing my - now unprofitable - currency mining hardware into a password cracking server. I think it would be a fun idea to create a new currency and call it CRACK tokens. People who needed something decrypted could by some crack and then pay me in crack to crack their shit. It would be sold on Kraken exchange, of course.
@_date: 2019-06-21 07:14:56
Verifying the result of the computation time you purchased, would be as simple as entering the password you received in response to the hash file you uploaded to have cracked. If the algorithm to encrypt a password is as simple as UTF-8, then it should be very quick and efficient to decrypt the password and send it back to the submitter as a cracked string. Singular GPUs are able to accomplish this within seconds in some cases. A network of distributed computing power dedicated to the decryption of specific encryption algorithms could theoretically handle any password decryption in the same way. Similar to the way in which gas works on the ehtereum blockchain, an Angel Dust denomination of CRACK could be used to pay CRACKers for their services.
With regard to the distribution of labor across network nodes, the minimum number of characters necessary could be sent to the various CRACKers for decryption. In a network that operates similarly to IPFS, the nodes could provide the user with the password they desire, without ever having to know the password in entirety. Checking whether work has been done could be accomplished through the implementation of zk-CRACK as mentioned above.
@_date: 2019-06-21 04:54:48
The Libra Blockchain (which is a blockchain) utilizes the LibraBFT consensus algorithm, which effectively and definitively generates a Total Ordering of validated transactions submitted during a given epoch. Comparing it to traditional networks like PayPal is hyperbole, and frankly annoying.
Here is a link to the paper they published, laying out (in detail) how the LibraBFT consensus protocol works:
@_date: 2019-06-20 21:06:34
There may be hundreds of currencies, but few are exactly the same. When I think of creating blockchain networks, I imagine permissioned blockchains first. With a permissioned blockchain, only trusted individuals would be allowed to purchase the currency and transact with one another in an environment where they can trust virtually everyone that is part of the network. In that way, a kind of membership token is created. A members-only blockchain in a sense!