@_author: mojavehounder
@_date: 2014-11-24 16:43:26
To shill, or not to shill, that is...eh, not even a question.
@_date: 2014-12-03 17:41:51
Hold up, the author of this was not PAID by Josh.  He writes about Bitcoin and I hear him on NPR from time to time.
I have had experience talking about scams with journalists from newspapers, television and radio for years.  I deal with scams in the mineral and gem world.  Journalists typically do not issue BOLD statements, Michael did not either.  This seemed very fair.  
However, that being said, I can poke so many holes in that that mighty CEO said.
@_date: 2014-12-04 16:04:15
Hey, who's side am I on anyway?  I hope Josh Garza gets tar'ed and feather'ed.  
I'm just trying to show you, I've dealt with this stuff before.  
Get this, I was part of a group of scientists/botanists/geologists who were protesting California bill SB-624, which was a giveaway to asbestos litigators and would remove serpentine as our state stone of california.  I can not even tell you how stupid the people were who drafted this bill, I don't even want to get into the difference between serpentine and amphiboles, but holy fuck, do you think a REPORTER on this political issue could UNDERSTAND Serpentine vs. Amphiboles?  LOLOLOLOLOLOL.  And, I can't expect them to.  So, when an article would come out and have some scientific errors, I mean...damn...could I really blame the reporter for not having a boner for asbestos like I do?"
Look, my blogs are just that...blogs.  the WSJ "blog" is not just a "blog", it is a big section of the WSJ and news from the blog can go mainstream if they get enough attention.  
It is not that journalist's job to cast a judgement.  Look, Mighty CEO goes there, he is all positive about his new thing.  add in cantor-fitzgerald and blingo-blongo, if I was a reporter, I would report on what I was given.  How disingenuous is it to demand all journalists to be both experts in SPECIFIC subject they are writing about and to be an investigative journalist in addition.  
The comments blew up and gee...I know at least ONE person that talked to that reporter...so, the reporter took our claims, went to josh, got his answers and you know, that is the most damning of all.  No wonder he never answers "real" questions because this second piece pokes so many holes in his stories.
So, some BLOG writers, like coinwhatevers.net and btcarticles.com are a far cry from the journalist who wrote these pieces.
@_date: 2015-01-03 17:30:00
I think it always stood for Geniuses at work, Great Auk Wireless was the chicken, it came after the egg.
But, that's just from my research, I could be wrong, but...Im pretty sure GAW was the name and "Great Auk Wireless" fit into that.
@_date: 2015-01-03 17:37:24
Two things that need to be included.
 - Garza specifically said the drop in Zenpool payouts was due to mining rig rental contracts needing to be renewed.  So, Zenpool was not "mining" but rather, an investment that required outside forces to pump money into that "pool" of investors.  Which is exactly the flag the SEC loves.
 - Hashlets, the first scam.  Prices at $14.99 per Mhs.  "Supply" drops, those hashlets are "Primes" now and sell for $30-$40 on the "hash market".  All the original investors could dump and make money. (How you build a strong loyal following.)  The multi-pool hashlets are introduced.  ZenHashlet is sold for $20.95.  Then...$17.95...then....$14.95.  All over the course of one month.  You could make more money not buying at all.  Then the payments dropped, hashpoints were introduced and I started the main rounds of "F' GAW" on facebook and it was good.  Most all of the GAW trolls have not confessed, they were bamboozled.  I told EVERYONE, buy and read this damn book and you will rarely get scammed again.
