@_author: molestedbybitcoin
@_date: 2013-04-25 05:03:56
Many many people are aware of this (including exchanges). You will notice either a miss-match between withdraw and funding methods (you won't find many ways to cash out from an exchange with a high value and deposit into a lower value one) and any methods you do find, the exchange with the lower btc value will have a high fee on that payment method to cover any gains (losses for them). 
Don't post your trading strategy for the whole world to see :3
@_date: 2013-04-24 14:20:14
Yeah, I think for people not looking to do illegal / immoral things the best part about bitcoin is how easy it is to send money from point A to B. I couldn't believe no account was even needed, I could just install an app and start sending / receiving bitcoin. Of-course the downside to that is with btc being so anonymous and simple to transfer money, it's likely to be targeted more by cyber criminals. Bank make use of a lot of security measures to protect against fraud and will in most cases refund your money, so people are likely to switch from credit card / bank fraud to bitcoin theft as bitcoin rises. 
I'm sure the security aspect to bitcoin will evolve, with even highly computer literate people having their coins stolen, it could be a major problem as more "average" people start using bitcoin. 
I also agree that a lot of the interest is in how easy bitcoin is to transfer money, not bitcoin itself. But as bitcoin is already established and working, with a bit of luck people will adopt it, rather than something the government / banks create.   
@_date: 2013-04-25 05:09:14
Yes I'd say the main reasons in early adopter advantage and maybe part due to there being more profit in mining it instead of btc. You are also exactly right about the fluctuation, it's not an intended effect, but it certainly attracts trader. 
@_date: 2013-04-24 13:21:26
Yes, that is also a possibility. I think the best option is to support the banks that aren't against it, as well as get some charities accepting bitcoin. The more good btc does, the less likely it is to be made illegal. I can't remember the last time my country made something that is widely supported illegal. Just look at the attempts to make gun control laws in the USA.
@_date: 2013-04-25 04:57:01
There's a few main reasons. In terms of mining, there is less miners so more money for home computer miners as well as the fact ASICs offer no real speed advantage on LTC hashing.
In terms of investing, the value is low like bitcoin was once, so some people are expecting it to shoot up just like bitcoin did. Also MtGox recently announced they will be adding it, so people are rushing to buy in while it's cheap. Also I've found litecoin to fluctuate slightly larger amounts per a day which makes for some nice high-risk-big-win day trading.