@_author: molfg
@_date: 2017-02-12 03:18:09
He talked from the start about that one you assume you've got a hashrate (proof of work) majority that's following the protocol rules, then the majority decides what the "canonical" blockchain is. (With the game theory behind the reward system being an incentive to cooperate)
Satoshi himself was involved in implementing multiple softforks where previously valid transaction formats / scripts no longer would be permitted in new blocks (most of them had never happened at the point the forks was implemented, though, which in those cases saves us from encoding the old validation rules next to the new ones).
Since the network adopted the updates, anybody running on the old versions trying to make such transactions would be ignored.
What's left? Arguments against hardforks? Satoshi knew removing the 1MB cap would be a hardfork and yet he said the limit was only meant to be temporary, to curb spam. Future solutions were anticipated to solve that problem.
@_date: 2017-02-12 03:17:45
Clearly Erik Vorhees has never tried to install a full node on a desktop machine. If he had, he'd know that at 1MB, bitcoin can kill a home network. And if you can't run it at home, then you have to trust someone else. And if you have to trust someone else, then Bitcoin sucks. Good think core is trying to make it so Bitcoin doesn't suck.
I think I have a solution where Bitcoin can hard fork, and we can go to 32 MB, but new nodes can come online in 24 hours with minimal bandwidth. The idea is to have nodes download the blockchain history in reverse. They will know the minimum (but not maximum) possible UTXO set and can verify new blocks as long as they refer to things internally consistent with what they know. In other words a node becomes partially functional within 24 hours, and functional at 99% within a week... but it may take (forever whatever) to hit 100%. And some nodes may choose not to (they could never validate satoshi block moves, for example, and that's OK).
Does it matter what the genesis block is? Ultimately... no. The end game is... if money sits untouched for long enough, it becomes harder to relay. These new nodes will simply not relay them, and really.. that's a nodes perogative - it won't get kicked for it - even today. So sweep your paper wallet every 4 years, or you might have a hard time getting it relayed.
@_date: 2017-02-12 03:18:21
Segwit is a new type of transaction that solves a lot of issues and allows for a lot of new features to be added more easily/safely.
To name a few things it does... segwit transactions reduce the amount of space needed by the main blockchain as the witness data that can later be discarded is put in a separate data structure.
Segwit transactions also solve malleability issues which is a serious headache for developers building ontop of bitcoin. It also allows for future expansion of new features such as making bitcoin truly fungible which needs to happen at some point. It also makes the Lightning Network that is in development are much cleaner solution.
What they are saying is the number of computers running the full bitcoind client that is capable of understanding and issuing segwit style transactions is over 50%.
The marker for it actually being usable however is the number of the mining nodes supporting segwit (i.e. bitcoind clients but they are actually running mining hardware), this needs to be &gt; 95% before segwit transactions can be activated to be safe but this is still stuck at 23%.
@_date: 2017-02-12 03:19:01
Only that it is not decentralized, open, honest. It is controlled by few, centralized and not something I would call "honest". I have nothing against Bitcoin since we all profit from a high BTC price but saying BTC will increase tenfold is ridiculous. It is an industry just like any other, only that the people controlling it would fit on one tiny stage.
Indeed it has changed the financial world but blockchain tech is the real innovation not bitcoin. Bitcoin lost sight of what it actually is: Software. Software needs to adopt to market circumstances and customer demands. Bitcoin stopped adopting and is not a good fit for enterprises or business customers. I therefore see very little speculative value. You are basically betting on a small group of miners to secure a global currency. That is not a bet I would personally make for various reasons, including energy usage, lack of leadership, lack of ecosystem growth, lack of blockchain applications.
I totally understand your view thou but here is a piece of advice from a seasoned investor: Dont bet the house on mainstream adoption. Invest in the entirety of the crypto ecosystem. This can include tokens, bonds, equity of blockchain companies (bnktothefuture) etc.
@_date: 2017-02-12 03:17:32
You do realize that the whole mining game already is centralized, is being used for manipulation or at least they try to and is a huge problem? There is no such way as having influence for the normal user as it was years ago - it was fair. Now it's all fucked. No more mining. The network may be secure thus giving Bitcoin a part of it's value, but in detail it's already broken by having too big farms owning too much hashrate. They can someday lead Bitcoin in whatever the direction they want, talking about forks for example, to keep future development more central, lock out a lot or all of current devs and deny/talk down others wanting to contribute. This is the risk that some people thinking forward are thinking about. Please be aware of this. Bribing farms etc. The last big risk is people having coins in the hundred thousand area, they can take a big part in such things. Those coins will part of their owners over time (read on for more), no questions asked - but it will take years and lots of dramas in Bitcoin. All those enemies do not realize they will destroy the value of their coins in the end anyway. Or at least those of others left - the regular users, buyers, etc.
I am saying it more clear: ASICs should never even have found their way into this. There needs to be a way to change this and make it more appealing for normal people with a computer, like shuffle algos or let BTC use and develope it's own changing algo to lock out ASICs and find a way to make mass cpu/gpu farming impossible. (edit see my 2nd comment below for easy solution) Plus taint coins of spammers to use it for spam prevention, like auto dropped spam tx's for x days until they lock themselves out with spam again. Bitcoin going mainstream requires regulation anyway, and more is going towards more clear identification and Bitcoin being anonymous is a long gone history - so why not finally do the step, taint spam coins temporarily and force miners to drop spam tx's until they stop. Besides that take the power from governments and taint stolen or other illegal coins and also drop these tx's until they get auctioned in public + whitelisted. Mixing will be illegal in Europe soon too, high chance of more to follow. Take away their power to turn Bitcoin around by law, update the protocol and just solve it by ourselve. It's not that hard.
ASIC manufacturing has been the biggest mistake ever in Bitcoin history. The network could have held it's strength without them too. Sounds ridiculous but if you think about it, it's real. All because of greed for money and power. Block size is going to get incredibly big over the years and at some day no person can store the blockchain on their computers or even think about syncing a few blocks. Which leads to the chain being centralized on "trusted" company's servers and then it's not Bitcoin anymore. Guess what. People will say "remember the free Bitcoin?" We are facing fucked times.
Added edit: The most idiotic incentive for people holding hundreds of thousands of coins to spam and push for bigger and bigger and then more bigger blocks is: Bloating up Bitcoin's total tx volume with more tx spam after every upcoming block increase to make it look like it has grown "a lot", which is the perfect illusion to push the price and make their big stash worth more. Cash out, be a billionaire or trillionaire, gtfo of Bitcoin, leave it dead with huge problems and that's it. This is going to happen, mark my words. And this is going to be downvoted hard by their accounts. (Which has been called out earlier by others too, sockpuppet accounts all creating new threads about the tx problem, to make a self created problem jump into everyone's eyes a bit more.)
Please don't be naive thinking blocksize will end with 2MB, 4MB or even 32MB or 64MB. Not even close, some major holders are trying to flip Bitcoin around to make room for more spam, all in their favor. BTC's real tx volume is way smaller than you might see. Think deeply, all major known big names are doing everything to push for this, all holding insanely big amounts of coin. Not naming anyone, it's way too obvious.
Disclaimer: Not salty about coin amounts, holding my own and not interested in non natural volume growth coming with big problems. Will exit if more signs of this kind of Bitcoin future will show. At whatever the price will be. More interested in Bitcoin being more open for anyone and taking centralized power away. No matter the price. Even if this fake tx spamming would 10000 fold the price in a short time, it will not be a good thing for Bitcoin itself what these people will need to do with Bitcoin to get their agenda finished and reach their price of exit.
@_date: 2017-01-03 15:17:38
We spent a lot of time talking to potential customers (small businesses and individuals) who send money to Mexico. There was a lot of interest in being able to pay with cash or US bank accounts. There wasn't that much interest in paying with Bitcoin, at least for these users.
If enough customers want the feature we would add it. Coincidentally, our old product was a bitcoin brokerage where the user kept custody of their private keys. Selling bitcoin using that product is not terribly different than funding a Mexico payment using Bitcoin in our new product, strangely enough.