@_author: momchilandonov
@_date: 2019-11-06 20:53:03
Private sales seems problematic thing in crypto as the addresses are public and you need to prove how you earned the money. Given that the buyer didn't mine them but bought them means he needs to prove from where he has the money. Also selling those stolen money would surely draw attention? 
The issue is that if he starts to use them even in the 1k$ sooner or later the sum will be suspicious and the IRS is going to look for him... Also it's easy to trace that the 1k$ was stolen and given that the receiver obviously knows it's not his money/coins he can be liable if he spends them as they are not his. Similar things happened in real life where banks tranfered large amounts of money to random people and guess what - the people had to return them otherwise they faced court :). Maybe smaller sums like 10-100$ can be considered gifts but I doubt someone who stolen $10m+ would be playing with small numbers as you suggest.
@_date: 2019-11-12 19:20:54
The problem is he has millions but he cannot prove he earned them as he never actually did mining or some honest work :). He simply got tons of crypto obviously by stealing it and he trades it for other coins to make them look clean but he didn't have money to buy the initial coins. Hacker gets money in his bank but the bank can engage IRS if they believe the money to be laundered? He needs to use his real name to get away with real money. I doubt he would satisfy himself with some cheap ass stuff as $100-$200k if he stole $10+ million
I don't see how a hacker can truly launder the money. I get it that he can make lots of transactions but in the end he needs to use real name and real bank account. Many banks virtuals or not make anti money laundering precautions asking for photo ID and sometimes even video as proof of identity! I guess the hacker must rely on corruption and/or someone who is good with money laundering.
@_date: 2019-11-12 19:31:20
You might not understand that bitcoin and other crypto have not only similarities but differences as well. There were exchanges hit and BTC stolen from them for $millions and the wallets of the hacker were blacklisted so he could f*ck himself and get away with nothing. :) Since the wallets are public and all transactions are as well it isn't that hard to achieve that. Maybe the problem is if too much wallets are being added to the blacklist.