@_author: monadtran
@_date: 2015-06-29 21:21:57
Sure... You can't ever be 100% sure of anything until it's too late to act.
@_date: 2015-06-29 20:26:19
The Italians and the Spaniards may still have some time left, though...
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:59:09


All *government* regulation is top-down and coercive by its nature. Government is coercive by definition - otherwise, it would be called a charity, or a private enterprise.
Instead of putting the 'free' market in quotes, maybe you could avoid using the word "free" entirely. Let's just call it "market".
@_date: 2014-07-03 23:05:23
8% commission (1% from the terminal, 7% from the spread), and you are not getting your BTC straight away, they send you an activation code. 
@_date: 2014-04-17 23:55:34


[This thing]( and [this one, too]( do not look too secure to me... That's just a part of the victims of just one single state (considered to be an example of the marvels of democracy - I'm not even bringing North Korea and USSR into the picture), and just the direct military violence. How many more victims are kept in jail for non-violent crimes, shot by the police, or tortured by US-backed dictators? That's with about 50% of the US population being victims of the IRS theft. 
[This article]( seems to suggest that Somalia (one of the places which recently went from a tyrannical government to groups of warlords fighting for supremacy) is doing better without the centralized monopoly of violence - even though violence is still present.


Umm, I'm not sure they don't. Whomever is left working in Detroit, still has to pay all of the federal taxes, and higher than usual local taxes. That's what drove the industry out, in the first place, and turned the place into a bunch of retirees fighting the inflow of criminals (sponsored by unemployment benefits, and prevented from joining the workforce by minimum wage laws). Private police and militias would probably take over the city - but I don't think you can easily do this kind of thing in the US. So, basically, Detroit was nearly destroyed by government theft, and the same kind of theft and coercion are preventing it from recovering.
@_date: 2014-11-16 23:07:19
More like, since 1991. There used to be a Russian Ponzi called MMM, the founder ripped, like, half of the Russians off, then spent some time in jail, and now, looks like he's back at what he's particularly good at.
@_date: 2014-04-17 16:53:56
Supporting taxation yourself is fine. Forcing taxation on others is not. 
Paying a certain fraction of your income is fine. Stealing a certain fraction of someone else's income is not.
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:36:30
A depressed developer who is about to lose a job, who has been fixing a bug in unmodifiable spaghetti code for 20 hours a day for the last week, and who is not particularly skilled, on top of that, can do many stupid things. Especially if he's working for a "serious company" (read: a company large enough to recover from any individual bug, and with no single person responsible for the code end-to-end).
@_date: 2014-01-28 22:41:06
Why would I buy your eggs if I'm working on an egg farm? I don't know you, I don't trust you. I may buy a dozen eggs from you, especially if you sign up for an independent audit, and make a bunch of consumer protection promises, then maybe I'll buy more.
Back to our original discussion, I suggest that:
* It's not a good idea to dump your money blindly into the stock market, just because you see some stock go up in value. Currently, people are forced to do that, because of the money-printing. Bitcoin should fix this issue - if you don't know anything about the company, you just keep your bitcoins.
* It is a good idea to invest based on intimate knowledge of the business you are investing in. Insider trading laws can prevent that.
* If you want to invest somewhere despite having no knowledge of the company, you are doing it at your own risk, and you'd better be careful. Might be a good idea to stick to the companies which have been audited by a trusted third party, or sign up some kind of a contract with the owners / management, so that you don't see the company go bankrupt, and the entire management walk away with the money - that one does sound like a fraud.
@_date: 2014-12-26 21:34:39


So the sanctions are against part of Ukraine, then?
Not that it matters in the slightest, it's evil no matter which of the lords is considered to be the "legitimate" owner of the people in Crimea.
@_date: 2014-08-28 09:14:56
Unless our old friend Mark, the first Bitcoin country, is getting some free bitcoins from the residents of Dominica.
@_date: 2014-04-17 16:56:34


Well how about I promise you [to mow your lawn]( and then steal your car? You certainly can't complain that I stole your car, as long as you are benefitting from my lawnmowing services. If you don't like theft, you are free to move out of your house.
@_date: 2014-12-26 22:24:08


You cannot punish "the invasion", you can only punish specific individuals. Currently, individuals in Crimea are being punished the most. What's their guilt? What are they being punished *for*?
@_date: 2014-04-17 18:29:41


Yes, that would be fine, because that would be *your* house. Your house, your rules. My house, my rules. The difference with the system of taxation, is that the IRS are going to get you even if you never left *your* house. 
Also, forcing someone to leave is one thing, locking someone in your basement is something else. You don't normally lock your tenants in your basement for non-payment of fees, while IRS do.
@_date: 2014-01-22 19:19:20
It depends. If the filter remains very simple and conservative, I can't see how it can go wrong. I mean, if 10 people a day are tweeting stuff like, "what (is/are/'s) [a] [ they probably deserve an answer (but only one answer per person) from the bot. 
Complicated regexps or AI algorithms, on the other hand...
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:42:13


Wait a minute. *Central* banks that failed were following the philosophy of *deregulation*? That doesn't make any sense whatsoever. Central banks cannot be for deregulation - that's why they are called "central".
Or are you saying every single bank that has ever failed was not a *central* bank? That is not true. Multiple central banks failed throughout history. 
Moreover, quick failure is not necessarily a bad thing. Sure, *some* banks fail. That means their leadership made a huge mistake, that lead to the bank failure. Since they made a mistake, they should not be allowed to run a company. The bank should be allowed to fail, so that its leadership is out of business. 
The fact that some banks were not allowed to fail by the cenral bank, is exactly what's wrong with the central banks. If your bank fails, and you are not able to find another job, perhaps you *should* indeed turn to farming turnips. Perhaps you *would* be more useful to society as a farmer, than as a highly paid employee of an institution that is destroying the wealth of society. 
Also, can you please stop calling people names?
@_date: 2014-04-17 19:45:48
But "the country" is nothing more than a set of properties, each having an individual owner. How come people own their houses, and yet, the entire set of houses is owned by the government? I don't think this is how private property works. 
If you own a pair of running shoes, the same pair of running shoes is not owned by anyone else. Even Nike cannot demand a "property tax" on your running shoes. Neither can they take your pair of shoes from you if you refuse to comply with their demands, nor can they prevent you from owning any Nike shoes in the future. Nike created the shoes, but you are the owner, so you decide what to do with them.
@_date: 2014-09-06 20:21:25
Going to become more difficult, though... The bureaucrats are passing a lot of stupid anti-privacy and anti- free speech laws.
@_date: 2014-04-14 19:34:37
Well, the point is, Overstock sales growing even 0.001% would have more effect on Amazon than yet another email in their Spam folder.
@_date: 2014-01-28 01:39:05
It doesn't matter in the slightest if &gt;50% of America's population are in favor of slavery, or prosecution of drug dealers and money service providers. It doesn't matter in the slightest if there are laws that say people should report the runaway slaves, or laws that say people should report the drug dealers. Laws don't make prosecution of peaceful people right, whether it is for "money laundering", or drug trade, or hiding the runaway slaves. No victim, no crime.
I mean, of course Charlie is going to suffer the consequences of his decisions, pretty much like the runaway slaves knew they would be punished for disobeying.
It doesn't matter if Charlie Shrem did buy drugs or not. It doesn't matter if he provided services to people trading drugs or not. His actions created no victim. He is not accused of killing someone, raping someone, stealing from someone, defrauding a customer, or anything remotely like that. Which means, no matter what the investigation shows, this man is innocent. If 99% of the Americans think he should be imprisoned, that would only mean 99% of the Americans are supporting violence against innocent people, nothing more. 
@_date: 2014-07-22 08:34:01


From what perspective - theoretical, legal, common sense, or libertarian philosophy?
From the legal perspective - I would guess not. If somebody knew for sure they were shutting down a black person's account just because that person was black, there would be a massive uproar, a thousand lawsuits, and some court would find a way to fine the bank with one hundred billion quintillion dollars. Then, the same bank would be bailed out by government with two hundred billion quintillion dollars.
From the theoretical perspective - they could do that, and nobody would be able to prove they did it because the person was black.
From the common sense perspective - they wouldn't do it, even if they could, because why would they?
From the libertarian philosophy perspective - yes, they are allowed to close a black person's account because that person's black, especially if they desperately want to go out of business.


Yes, but


@_date: 2014-05-26 20:43:08


Which is the one you hold as ideal? What are your "countries-which-aren't-america", exactly?


You won't need to donate half of your income, because a free society would not need to replicate some of the existing government structures, and some of them would be replicated on a subscription basis.


No one - not even you? See, here's the thing. If *you* are not feeling any responsibility, why are we even discussing this? *Suppose* all people are greedy bastards, and the poor would all die without the government. Why would you care? Why is it an issue for you, if you are not going to do anything about it anyway?


The way Walmart is competing against bootlegging gangs in the US, in terms of alcohol sales. 
What? Are you saying there are no more bootlegging gangs left after the Prohibition ended?


Who said there would be no reputable quality enforcement agency? You want your drugs to be of superior quality, you pay for the quality test. In case you don't trust anyone but your close friends, you can buy it from your close friends only, or grow it in your backyard. Or, you can trust a reputation system, like that of the Silk Road.
@_date: 2014-01-28 22:15:07
Insider trading is simply people using their deep knowledge of their own company to invest in it. Whenever you are investing, it is always a good idea to gain some knowledge of the company you are investing in. And if you want to do a really good job, you join that company and see how it works from the inside. I don't think forcing people to blindly dump their money into the stock market is a good idea.
@_date: 2014-06-12 23:22:33
Well, you can type something like this into the "memo" field: 
Edit: I'm not actually proposing it, 'cause I have never used Google wallet, and I'm not sure if this would be convenient.
@_date: 2014-01-07 19:03:06
Janet Yellen effect?
@_date: 2014-06-03 18:34:15


It may serve *some* innovative businesses, but then it hurts even more innovative businesses. Government regulation is based on the threat of violence, and its enforcement is paid for by stolen money. Institutionalized theft and violence creates more issues than it resolves.


Discourage monopolies - including government, which is a territorial monopoly on violence and regulation.


Do not disallow new entrants with novel business models (e.g. get rid of the whole "money transmitter FINCEN blah-blah anti-money-laundering" requirement), and do not steal from them (no taxes, which means, no government).


Do not ban, "regulate", or tax innovation.
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:46:35


It isn't, as I explained above. Government isn't just "all the good people that protect me from criminals", as your definition implies. Most people distinguish between "government", "private defense agency", "a random guy who prevented the robbery", and "self-defense".
It is not just "semantic quibbling", it was an important part of your argument that whomever protects me from criminals, is government. If you are still willing to stand by that definition, fine. That makes me a statist who only recognizes voluntarily funded governments as legitimate.
@_date: 2014-09-08 18:27:03
It's almost like OP got into Bitcoin to *lose* money.
@_date: 2014-02-03 22:51:49


Sadly, most people have no idea what those things are. The law is relatively new, the effects are not visible to many people, yet. In most cases, those hosting the web sites deal with the issue by changing their IP and/or domain name. The Russian bureaucratic machine is inefficient, so this often works. For now, at least
@_date: 2014-07-25 05:01:30
Because the stupid rules are there to protect the banking cartel, in the first place, and Chase is a part of the banking cartel?
@_date: 2014-08-09 01:39:54


OK, so this is a bit of something you have to figure out all by yourself, but if voting Republicans does not seem to work, voting Democrats does not seem to work, voting Libertarian does not seem to work, and voting in general does not seem to work, you *might* want to do something other than voting.
Pay less into the system, take more out of the system, develop alternatives to government solutions, talk to people.
@_date: 2014-03-17 18:45:36
People desperately want to spend Argentinian peso these days. I think it is destined to take over the dollar as the world's reserve currency. Or... it might only show that people don't want to hold pesos.
@_date: 2014-10-28 02:48:02


We'll see. My understanding is that companies in Brazil would technically be outside of the US jurisdiction, but then, of course, nobody cares, and the US government can try pressuring Brazilian government into enforcing the US laws on the Brazilian territory.
@_date: 2014-02-07 22:32:35
Looks like these guys do not know what version control software is... I mean, even if your Bitcoin processing code is written entirely in PHP, with thousands horrible hacks, even if nobody in the whole world understands it, at least rolling everything back to a previous version must be an option... Unless they messed up, and no longer have the old version of software.
@_date: 2014-01-29 03:12:58


If you like eating eggs for breakfast, you need to give me money, or move to Somalia!!1 Organizing a few million people to vote for me might also help.
@_date: 2014-01-22 19:27:17
I fail to see how a response to a publicly asked "what is bitcoin?" question is unsolicited. It may be against Twitter policies, and maybe 1 in a 100 (or more?) people would get annoyed to get a response from a robot. But "unsolicited"? No, I don't think so.
@_date: 2014-03-26 16:15:58
Somehow I'm not feeling the sudden urge to go to your website and risk my money doing the testing for you.
@_date: 2014-04-17 19:04:08


Umm, I don't know. I didn't choose the government of my home country, because the elections were rigged. I didn't choose the governments of the US or Canada, since I am not the citizen, and I wouldn't vote anyway, because I don't like any of the candidates.


No, no. The house I currently live in doesn't belong to the government. It wasn't built by the government, it's not maintained by the government. "The country" is nothing more than a fragmented set of properties controlled by a certain gang that steals from those properties.


That's a bit of an overstatement. I don't think people are incapable of building things without the government stealing money from them. Private roads, private education, and private healthcare have been there for a long time, even despite all the theft and coercion. 
Please tell me this. What exactly do you think people would be incapable of doing without the government? I'll find some counterexamples.


Umm, I'm not sure. I would prefer deportation. But deportation *where*, if you don't mind me asking? 
Anyway, I don't think anyone really has the right to "deport" you out of your own house. Your house, your rules. *You* have the right to deport the IRS out of your house, they have no right to deport you.
@_date: 2014-12-15 18:44:26
Yes, but, they won't be holding any AUD, only VAUD, and they supposedly don't need a license to hold VAUD.
This workaround is actually well-known, WebMoney are doing it in Russia. If that would work out in AU, we don't know.
@_date: 2014-01-27 19:25:14
He bought a piece of vegetation, and maybe traded with people who traded with people who sell pieces of vegetation. That's the summary of charges, in plain language. Oh wow. Such wrongdoing. Very laundering.
@_date: 2014-11-06 19:59:38
Please stop arguing guys. Let's just agree that most of what Russian, Ukrainian, and US governments are doing, is pure evil.
@_date: 2014-04-17 20:45:03


OK, so it gets a bit technical here, but you can't murder a person because you don't own that person. You only own your house, you don't automatically own anything that's in your house. Removing a person out of your house, fine. Removing somebody else's clothes out of your house, fine. Killing a person that's in your house, not fine. Destroying somebody else's clothes, just because they are in your house, not fine.
An alternative explanation is that there are 2 deadly sins that are widely recognized as such in most human societies:
* Initiation of violence
* Violation of property rights
Murder is initiation of violence, so it's unacceptable, to an even greater degree than taxation.


When a young Western colony of Great Britain decided to secede a long, long time ago, the property rights did not just magically disappear because the British government stopped to enforce them. Personal threat of force often works just as fine. Militias formed on voluntary basis and private defense agencies are another option. Yet another one is buying the insurance against theft, and letting the insurance company cut down their costs by preventing crime in their neighborhood. 


Isn't it ironic that in order to protect our property from theft, we are forced to give away about 50% (probably more, after you add everything up) of our monthly income? And yet, even that doesn't stop theft and violence - the murder rates in Detroit are reportedly 30x those of Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia.
@_date: 2014-12-26 23:08:42


Then those sanctions were highly immoral, as well. Same arguments can be applied.


No. Stopping all voluntary trade between two peaceful individuals under a threat of violence is evil. Fighting evil by doing more evil is never worth it. From an ethical standpoint, not doing evil is an unquestionable imperative. From a practical standpoint, evil only breeds more evil.


It's always been kind of "all right", if you had the power to do it. If Obama cared about invading other countries, the first logical thing for him to do would be to sanction himself for invading Libya.


I am a Russian away from Russia, and my parents are in Russia. They did not invade any country, they do not support Putin, but their lives were significantly affected by both the Western sanctions "against Putin", and Putin's sanctions "against the West". 
On the bright side, my personal investment portfolio is only growing in value with every such event.
@_date: 2014-12-26 21:57:40
But you see that there is a problem in logic, do you? 
Crimea is either predominantly populated by people considering themselves Ukrainian, or it is predominantly populated by people considering themselves Russian.
If it is populated by Ukrainians, who are being held hostage by evil Putin, then it's not a good idea to make their lives even worse. When a terrorist captures a bus full of kids, you don't impose sanctions on the kids in order to starve them.
If it is populated by Russians, who are willing to join Russia, then why the sanctions? You don't starve the wife for willing do divorce her abusive husband, and marry her long-term friend.
Again, not that any of this matters IMO, I'm just showing some internal contradictions in the statist thinking, by adopting the statist thinking.
@_date: 2014-11-11 19:03:36
I don't think one can just "lose" a trademark, or am I missing something?
I don't think Groupon are acting reasonably, but I am also against supporting all of the state-backed intellectual "property" nonsense with our money, unless it is done in self-defense.
@_date: 2014-05-26 22:18:43


Yep - basically places where governments steal more than 50% of people's income. No wonder they are the largest charity there.


Well, here's the evidence. You care about the poor, so you would donate. I hope you don't think you are the only saint here in town, are you? 
You are donating stuff. I am donating stuff. Most of the employees of the company I am working for are donating a bit of something here and there. The company itself does. Certain shareholders of the company are running a private charity. 


Criminals in wheelchairs? 
I mean, come on. Have you ever considered why there is so much unemployment in the US / Europe, and yet, you can't find a hairdresser to do a basic haircut for cheap? May it be that the minimum wage laws are preventing the low-skill people to get hired? Property taxes make it harder to start a business? Stupid stuff like hairbraiding licenses? There's lots of stuff people can do, that requires little to no training, and is easier / less risky than the life of crime.
Anyone who is healthy enough to become a criminal, should be able to find something to do in a free society.


Look, it wasn't the cartels who raided the new major competitor to the market, the Silk Road. It was the US government. No single cartel has the resources to go after every single competitor, or after every single individual who might be growing weed in their basement. Impossible. Competition from entities like the Silk Road would disrupt their source of revenue. Violence costs money, and cartels would not have any money.


And also, because *there are no more bootlegging gangs*. The Prohibition ended. No more gangs. Because the Prohibition ended. No guns are needed to protect yourself against non-existing bootlegging gangs. Who started the Prohibition? Government. When did the bootlegging gangs appear? During the Prohibition. 
Shoplifters and smaller gangs? Sure, private defense agencies can handle that. No need to create a government for that, because creating the government would lead to stupid things like taxes, the Prohibition / the War on drugs, that would cause the bootlegging gangs / the drug cartels to appear, and escalation of violence, eventually. The thing you create to protect you, leads to escalation of violence. Because government is based on violence and theft, and violence achieves the opposite of what you would hope it would achieve. 


The average druggie would get a publicly maintained dealer reputation database, and cheaper prices. *Much* cheaper prices. So much cheaper, that he might be able to afford a basic purity test, and it would still be cheaper than what we have now. Because violence and artificial monopolies are expensive, and the business of selling drugs would be just as violent and prone to monopolies as any other business. That is, not violent and not prone to monopolies at all.
Tell me, why are you not concerned about violent apple farmer cartels? Those apple farmers, they would get together in gangs, and start destroying apple trees of their competitors. Then sell those apples at 10 times the price. Sounds credible? 
Weed is a plant. An apple tree is a plant. There's no particular reason, apart from the War on drugs, that would make weed more expensive than apples, or that would cause the cartels to appear around weed, specifically.
@_date: 2014-11-16 23:15:11
Technically, for tax evasion. Practically, for making too many people angry. Legislation and legal practice exist in parallel universes in Russia. One can easily get jailed for no apparent reason, or get all charges dismissed upon committing a murder.
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:46:03


Umm... Someone who likes static web pages with jokes on them?
@_date: 2014-10-10 16:26:22
Wait... I know this is unrelated, but, 'ljr' USE flag? Seriously? That... Does not mean "Add whatever patches Luke-JR likes", does it? I mean, Gentoo USE flag space is polluted enough already, can it be renamed to be more meaningful?
@_date: 2014-04-18 00:48:23


I don't think that something based on theft can be fixed, but let's settle on this for now. 
Would you agree that voluntarily channeling money into an organization that has shown itself as violent and horribly broken, is not the best thing a person can do, until that organization is fixed? 
I mean, it's like you donate money to a gang of thugs that poses as charity, not based on what those people actually do, but based on what they *could have potentially been if they weren't criminals*. Can you see why some people may not want to pay their taxes?
@_date: 2014-11-28 07:45:18
Russians would not be clearing out the metal coin shops, for the reason that there are restrictions on moving the precious metals out of Russia. Mostly they are buying USD, I think. Groceries, too - I heard some reports that some stores are running out of buckwheat. BTC, unfortunately, is not popular, yet. The level of financial education is low, the people are oblivious to the fact that money printing is what causes inflation. I wish this could change, and I hope it is going to change, but I remain skeptical, short to medium term.
@_date: 2014-04-17 18:23:18


Hey, you can't do *that*. That's separatism. You are under my jurisdiction. According to the laws I created, you would be either locked in my basement for disobeying me, or secretly droned for calls to separatism. 
The closest analogy would be for Russians in Ukraine to call for Russia to protect them from taxation / bail-ins by the new Ukrainian government. Russia can probably do that, since Russian government is more powerful than Ukrainian government, but then, everyone would call that "foreign invasion".


True. Can we change it?


... and that's a reasonable course of action. Immigration *is* one of the more powerful ways to non-violently fight particularly oppressive governments. I wish there was an alternative way, though. I wish people wouldn't have to abandon their homes and families in order to avoid some of the theft.


... except that I never explicitly joined the club, nor am I going to enter its territory.


OK, I moved. There is still taxation where I moved to. What do I do now?


You are getting a bit aggressive here, eh? Very typical of those who support theft. 


Then how is it different? Please define theft, please define taxation, please point out the difference in definitions.
@_date: 2014-04-17 22:41:19
Slightly unrelated to the discussion, but I wanted to thank you for being patient in making your points. I went ahead and upvoted your comments that were downvoted by others - except for the one which has the "dumbass" word.
@_date: 2014-01-28 18:07:48
Stupid? Probably. Guilty? No way. You see, there are 2 possibilities: either what the authorities ascribe to him is true, or it is false. 
If it is false, Charlie Shrem is an innocent person who bought no drugs, and sold no bitcoins to drug dealers. 
If it is true, Charlie Shrem is an innocent person who did indeed buy drugs, and sold bitcoins.
You see, breaking the law does not automatically make one guilty of any wrongdoing. For something to be called "wrongdoing", there needs to be a victim of that wrongdoing. If I kill someone, the victim is the person I killed. If I steal from someone, the victim is the person I stole from. If I smoke weird things in in my backyard, or sell weird things to weird people, no victim is created by my actions. Quite to the contrary, I make someone a tiny little bit happier.


So your moral judgement is that there's nothing wrong with doing or selling drugs. *Charlie Shrem is not guilty, according to your own judgement.* It would be weird to express support for jailing the person who is not guilty, and accuse him of "wrongdoing", would it? Jailing an innocent person is wrongdoing.


It's the other way around, in my case. I bought into Bitcoin because it is a way to defend our fundamental right to break the law. By using and holding bitcoins, I take some of the money-printing powers away from the government, so that their power to enforce stupid laws is diminished.
@_date: 2014-04-17 17:01:30
Well, how about I come to your house daily, and steal all money out of your wallet? You certainly can't complain I am stealing from you, since you implicitly agreed to theft by staying in your house. You can always sell your house and go live on a barren rock, if you don't like it.
@_date: 2014-12-02 23:06:47
Good to know all of those ones and zeros will finally be protected.
@_date: 2014-01-28 20:25:17


Production of drugs is definitely harmless. I see no way this may create a victim. If you are going to disagree, please provide a specific scenario with a criminal - victim pair.
Sale of drugs is mostly harmless - except maybe for one single case, where you are selling that stuff to a person incapable of independent judgement (children, and people with serious mental illnesses). Again, who's the victim? Who is going to complain they had their rights violated in the process of purchase?
I believe consumption of drugs is usually not a wise choice. However, I don't think we are qualified to make the decision what's wise and what's not wise for every single individual. Claiming such superiority over others in every aspect is childish and irresponsible.


Then, maybe, you can point out the exact difference in definitions of taxation and theft.


Law has no eyes, people have eyes. If some people think a person is guilty, it would make sense to justify it, without referencing a book of rules written by some other people who may be biased. Any reasonable definition of "guilty" includes a victim. None of the reasonable definitions of "guilty" include a random book of rules written by random people who were voted into office by random people a certain time ago.
@_date: 2014-11-28 07:54:04
Most of the intelligent Russians have irrational fascination of the Western culture, and an irrational belief that inflation is measured by how much Rubles a US dollar is worth. Debunking that myth may cause Russians to look for alternatives to the US dollar... But as of now, USD is the king.
@_date: 2014-02-04 21:04:38
Have you just called me an asshole? You see, here's an issue. We have a post here on the Bitcoin subreddit that has nothing to do with Bitcoin. We have a bunch of Doge guys here, upvoting it, calling people assholes, and telling everyone how friendly they are. I find this hypocritical. If you are so friendly indeed, please stop calling people names, and please help us keep our subreddit clean. Thank you.
@_date: 2014-03-06 22:35:52


Wikipedia does: *A central bank, reserve bank, or monetary authority is an institution that manages a state's currency, money supply, and interest rates* 


USSR had an institution that managed state's currency, money supply, and interest rates. USSR failed, along with its central bank, and the national currency. Roman Empire had an institution that managed state's currency and money supply (and probably interest rates, not sure). Roman Empire failed, along with the central bank (or do you still have some savings in Roman denarii?). 
These are undeniable facts.


This *is* a thing that people debate. We are debating this at the moment. I heard multiple people debating this, even on mainstream TV.


Yes. Taking people's tax money to pay for somebody's bad decisions is pure evil. You make a mistake, you sort it out yourself, or change a line of business. Taking other people's money to pay for your own mistakes is called theft. 


I asked you nicely. You ignored it. End of conversation, and good luck growing turnips when this entire thing finally collapses.
@_date: 2014-11-07 07:44:07
There once were 4 mafia bosses. Mafia boss 1 gave money to mafia boss 2 to take down mafia boss 3. Then mafia boss 4, who was cooperating with mafia boss 3, started a gang war against mafia boss 2. Multiple innocent people were hurt in the process, killed by gangsters of gangs 4 and 2. Who of the mafia bosses is the aggressor?
*All of them! They are mafia bosses, for god's sake!*
@_date: 2014-07-18 18:38:19
Well, yeah, a bit overpriced, compared to stuff like System 76. But pretty cool, IMO. 
If I waited a bit, and didn't have a discount on Windows OS which reduces the price of the System 76 solution for me, and then add this $150 discount on top, then Dell support, and the great feeling of paying for something with Bitcoin... I might have bought an Alienware. I definitely would not be assembling this myself.
Anyway, no matter Alienware or not, having Dell on board is HUUGE.
@_date: 2015-05-29 21:47:59
Well, perceiving a web site as a threat, and seeing victims all over the place, is a sign of certain mental damage, is it?
@_date: 2014-11-11 18:42:46
This. No support for any legal action from me.
But also, fuck Groupon, because they are still attempting to launch their product under a confusing name. Just uninstalled the Groupon app.
@_date: 2014-04-17 17:06:54


Ah, but can you imagine Walmart working this way? They would deliver a bag with groceries at your door once a week, and then, at the end of the year, they would take *all* of the money out of your bank account (whatever is not taken by IRS and your landlord, that is).
You surely can't complain about the theft - after all, they *did* deliver the groceries!
@_date: 2014-05-26 16:23:05


Well, right now Russian government is actively trying to destroy charities. So no wonder if they would soon be the only one left. 
Another popular method of making government the largest charity is to steal more than half of people's income. If government steals, say, 51% in various taxes and fees, the most other charities can get from any given person is about 10%. 'Cause, you know, people have to take care of themselves too. That makes the government the largest charity. They like doing this in Europe / Australia.


There would be an immediate rise in violence, then people would start buying guns to defend themselves, and the violence would subside. Since selling drugs would no longer be punishable, many honest drug dealers would emerge. People would have the choice of buying drugs from a known criminal, or buying them from a reputable person. This would drive down the price of drugs, and destroy the cartel revenue. The end result would be no cartels, expensive and more dangerous drugs replaced with cheaper and safer ones, like weed. Druggies would be able to do something good with their lives, instead of sitting behind bars.
@_date: 2015-05-29 21:38:39
Exactly. 
@_date: 2015-05-29 21:17:23
IMO, mental damage is obvious in this one...
@_date: 2014-11-29 22:56:25
Thanks, man.
@_date: 2014-04-17 17:20:03


Then what's the difference? 
If we are going to gave an intelligent discussion here, instead of descending into the endless and meaningless upvoting / downvoting cycle, I suggest we provide specific arguments, or at least analogies, to our statements.


Similarly, if you don't like me stealing your car, you can always go to the UAE. I promise I wouldn't go there after you.
@_date: 2014-01-30 20:10:42
All of the light &amp; noise are also converted to heat, I believe - with only a minor portion of those converted to heat outside the walls of your house.
@_date: 2015-01-02 05:14:53
Are you going to eat a hat if he does?
@_date: 2015-05-22 15:23:09
The article does not mention any official statements about the proposed ban, though. Only the week-old fact that the web sites were unblocked.
@_date: 2015-05-22 17:40:07
@_date: 2015-01-06 00:37:21
It would make sense - since Bitstamp may need to buy 19k BTC now, or at least a portion of it. 
@_date: 2015-05-29 17:39:28
... unless the funds are being held by a robot, rather than a person.
@_date: 2014-01-28 00:38:57
There are 2 aspects of it. The practical aspect, and the ethical aspect. 
The people who claim helping someone buy a few pieces of vegetation is "wrongdoing", and suggest that it's fine to cage a person who harmed no one, are dealing with the ethical aspect of the situation. My response to that, is that this is unbelievably sick. It saddens me to see so many members of Bitcoin community to dump one of the more active members just like that, because some government official thinks it's illegal and they have to jail the guy. It's almost "the good always triumphs over evil, therefore whomever loses is evil" logic.
On the practical side though, I tend to agree with you. I wouldn't risk my own life running a Bitcoin exchange in the US, and then dealing with drugs in any way - but that's my personal choice. It tells something about my own cowardice, or good judgement, if you will. It doesn't mean we can sit here and bash the guy.
@_date: 2015-05-29 19:08:55
You might be sarcastic, but I believe this is the logic everyone is following with Bitcoin Core right now. 
Gavin is a Bitcoin Core dev, he is surely running it on his machine, and it is storing everyone's financial information onto his hard drive. Nobody is even thinking of harassing him for that. I mean, it may change, who knows what excuse the government can come up with. But right now, no. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:09:28


The thing is, I don't care if, say, Karpeles is corrupt. He's not going to kick down the door of my house and drag me to jail. He's not going to "deport" me, or whatever. A government employee, on the other hand, might... 
If one major player in the Bitcoin world is corrupt, I'll survive. A single corrupt government official can easily kill me, or ruin my life, or leave me penniless.
TL;DR: some people are corrupt, and that's why we can't have governments.
@_date: 2014-12-19 23:44:48


This definition of government is not precise enough. 
Say, Julian Assange hires a bodyguard, and walks out of the Ecuadorian embassy. A policeman tries to grab him. The bodyguard shoots him, in order to protect his client. Therefore, (according to your definition) Julian Assange's bodyguard would be government - which is obviously not what people would expect from that definition.
Ancaps define government as an entity with a territorial monopoly on the initiation of violence, and violation of property rights. A policeman can grab Julian Assange, and lock him up - this is what people expect of the policeman. But Julian Assange cannot grab the policeman, pull him into the embassy, and hold there - people are not expecting this kind of behavior, even if the policeman attacked first.
@_date: 2015-07-14 17:28:34
Dude, nobody here doubts that you are qualified to talk about China. But you are certainly not qualified to talk about libertarianism. For one, Chinese government has the second highest military spending, after the US. That's almost as un-libertarian as it gets.
@_date: 2015-07-14 20:28:10


You are thinking in the right direction... Technically, taxation aside, people are allowed to buy guns if they choose. 
However, once you have the second most powerful gang in the world controlling certain territory, stealing everyone's money to arm themselves, and not allowing any firearm ownership for people outside of the gang itself, no, that's not libertarianism. 
Some minarchists may disagree on this core libertarian idea that stealing is always wrong, and still call themselves libertarians (I would categorize them as libertarian-leaning statists), but even they would still maintain that military spending should remain within "reasonable" bounds, and argue for private gun ownership.
@_date: 2015-07-16 01:00:28
David Cameron is my hero. He had not been planning to ban anything for almost 16 hours. Not every politician is capable of that.
@_date: 2015-07-14 20:37:37
Even aside of this military spending issue, you are on so you should remember that "China has banned Bitcoin" thing. You probably know that they also banned certain selling of stocks into the current market crash. You probably know that it's pretty hard to move money out of China, because of all the regulations.
Libertarian position is that all peaceful activity is allowed, and all coercive interference with peaceful activity is criminal. One could argue that China is more free than the US in certain aspects, but it's certainly no libertarian paradise.
@_date: 2015-04-24 10:03:18
@_date: 2015-09-04 17:50:19


I would argue the opposite, because Streisand Effect.
@_date: 2015-04-14 17:33:17


I don't see these articles as "bullish", simply "meaningful", as they show how the adoption is progressing.
Yes, the exchange rate with USD is going down. Yes, it is not good. Do we absolutely have to create a new thread for every 1% change in the exchange rate, in order to be "honest"? It is not meaningful. Everyone can see the exchange rate, it's not like it is not available, or something. For continuous exchange rate tracking, we have bitcoinity. Reddit is for the discussion of discrete events.
@_date: 2015-04-24 01:00:43
Bless us Oh Satoshi, and these thy bitcoins, which we are about to receive, from thy mining, through Blockchain, Our Ledger. Amen.
@_date: 2015-04-21 21:07:09


[Here is]( one statistic that contradicts this statement. 
Anyone who puts a non-violent person behind bars, is himself a criminal.
Assuming we have strict specialization, with 14 of the cops only dealing with actual violent crimes, 86% of the cops are criminals.
The percentage of good cops can even be lower than 14%, if the cops switch between chasing violent and non-violent people (like I expect them to).
@_date: 2015-03-30 19:52:05


Nope, it only demonstrates that if you are stealing from someone really powerful, there can be consequences.
@_date: 2015-02-02 18:37:16
That is what most people think is the case, yes.
In practice, they can do whatever they like, as long as they cause no significant public outrage, and please their superiors.
The evidence, in a way, does not matter, as long as the gains for "the establishment" outweigh the losses.
*Edit: it surprises me that people are downvoting this. It is pretty clear that the government maintaining Guantanamo does not care too much about "justice", or "due process". At this point, there are not too many violations of the "due process" in the US, but those things change, as I've had a chance to see in Russia.*
@_date: 2015-02-24 07:27:53
Not to forget the taxpayers involuntarily paying for their hard work.
@_date: 2015-02-02 18:06:16
@_date: 2013-06-25 05:56:31
Since when keeping your hard-earned money is theft, and stealing somebody else's money by force "because society" is not? And what does your perverse understanding of theft has to do with "growing the fuck up"? 
@_date: 2013-05-17 23:18:31
Fine, as long as it's not coercive, I don't mind there being an objective law. You have your objective law, I'll have my subjective and private law. I won't force you into my system of justice, you don't force me into your system of justice. Deal?
@_date: 2013-06-25 06:39:45
Or, unless it is done in a country with no capital gains tax.
@_date: 2013-06-25 06:44:23
Bitcoin is better than cash. Cash you can confiscate. In order to get bitcoins, you would have to physically torture the person to disclose the key.
Also, they can print cash. This is exactly why US government was much less powerful until they confiscated gold. 
Bitcoin is more like XXI century gold, rather than cash.
@_date: 2013-12-16 20:12:20
That's what governments do... Certain groups profit at the expense of draining the economy. The Chinese economy would collapse eventually, and I think they know it, but the leeches would not release the host voluntarily.
@_date: 2013-05-18 00:19:55
1. I don't care too much about majority, as long as they don't come after me. The principle of non-initiation of force is the absolute. If 99 people decide they should rob a person, then kill him and eat his flesh, they still have no right to do that. If I decide to grow a piece of vegetation in my garden, or pay money in exchange for sex, and 1000000000 people think that it's wrong, it is still my garden, and my money, and I have the moral right to do whatever I like.
2. I am right, and I have proven it logically. You are starting to sound like a troll.
3. It's good you think self-defense is OK. I am hoping to find a couple of like-minded individuals, and form a proper defense agency. Its main job would be fending off your thugs, and, since you would have 0% tax, while I don't mind paying for my own protection, that shouldn't be difficult.
@_date: 2013-11-08 02:37:00
As far as I understand, yes, but the time it takes to generate such an address, is exponentially related to the number of letters you want to fix. So you would sometimes see an address with the first 4 or so meaningful letters, but not more.
It is analogous to flipping a coin several times in a row, in order to get a certain sequence. You'll eventually get your desired heads-tails-heads-tails-tails-tails-heads-heads, but it would take some time.
Please somebody correct me if I'm wrong.
@_date: 2013-08-13 17:37:13
Meanwhile, the treasuries sell-off seems to continue today. I'm wondering if the ruling gang might run out of money, before they are able to do anything about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-06-24 16:06:09
It is different, unless tax authorities put an "official" bitcoin to fiat conversion rate on their website. I haven't seen any of that yet.
@_date: 2013-06-04 17:36:56
I have.
Fuck the feds.
@_date: 2013-11-15 21:17:10
Probably... Or maybe not. Depends on the scammer. A list of trusted addresses (greenlist?) may be more useful. Again, depends on whether the person is creating new addresses every time. 
I realize that tracking coins / addresses is hard. Probably unfeasible. A sufficiently intelligent scammer / thief can likely work around this.
But people here are not discussing this in terms of whether this can be implemented. They are saying things like "muh fungibility! privacy! the end is near! Mike Hearn is evil!" Whereas, I don't see any evil in what he's proposing. Let's stop bashing the guy already. He's one of the few people who actually work on this thing, instead of downvoting people on Reddit.
@_date: 2013-06-25 06:26:13
Law? You mean, a set of rules created by the thieves stealing from me?
@_date: 2013-07-29 19:12:00
due to lack of existing applicable laws, making a fork is prohibited.
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:07:41
&lt;insert the name of your favorite currency or commodity here&gt; is a game, as poker is, and the money the winners get comes from losers wallet.
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:31:03


Correction: it has not changed significantly, *so far*. I believe, it will. I've been through this with the Ruble, I've seen this.
Anyway, that's a different issue. You can either get more Euros, so that the governments and the banks profit, or you can get more bitcoins, so that the early miners and investors profit, or you can get more gold, so that the gold bugs and mining companies profit, or you can get more stocks, so that the corporate executives profit... Your choice. From every single action of yours, somebody out there would profit. You may profit, or lose, too. There's a 100% chance that you would lose if you stay with the Euro,, and there is a smaller, non-zero chance of losing, with anything else.
@_date: 2013-05-17 22:46:19
Most people you are arguing with here would call themselves Voluntaryists. Which means, they believe in (a) non-initiation of force, and (b) private property. 
So, what are the actual axioms of Objectivism?
@_date: 2013-11-15 21:31:01
The fact that you are sending your money to an address which never had any coins in it, may also be enough to suspect a scam. 
Say, if I find a fake Free Domain Radio donation address somewhere on the internet, reach for my phone to scan the QR code, and see that the address has never had any transactions, I would double-check that this is the right address, before sending anything.
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:02:48
I don't think many people have invested all their money in BTC. 
Some public figures did - that's part of their job, sort of. Promoting stuff. Saying you went all in, is a good way of promoting something you like. The attention you get, as a public figure, may be worth the risk of losing it all.
Some people with gambling addiction did. Well, you can't blame Bitcoin, or OP, for someone's gambling addiction.
@_date: 2013-10-30 20:12:02
Please be sure to do a backup. Losing a private key is the same as losing your wallet. Electrum seems to be using a random "seed" to generate private keys - in that case, losing the seed is the same as losing the wallets. Forgetting the password to your brainwallet is the same thing as losing it.
The hard drive on my laptop went down the next month after I bought bitcoins. Good thing I did have a backup.
@_date: 2013-07-28 07:54:29
I can't think of too many Russians that consider Bitcoin a Ponzi, since in order to have that opinion, you must somehow learn what Bitcoin is, have a definition of Ponzi in your mind, and spare some mental energy to relate those, but not too much, or you would risk joining the Bitcoin crowd.
Patriotism is a severe disease, you see, it's not like your common flu. It takes away person's mental energy towards things like hatred for non-Russians, electing the "right" people, wars, fighter jets, Olympics, football, etc. In the end, there's not much left for things like planning one's own future, getting the hell out of the country, learning yourself some basic economics, questioning authority, or Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-08 17:16:58
The last few digits are a checksum, AFAIK. So you can take any string, calculate the checksum, and get an address like this. The address without a proper checksum would be rejected by the client. The address with a checksum would be accepted by the client. But then, the bitcoins would be lost forever, because in order to get the private key for this address, you would have to break 2 cryptographic hashes, and elliptic curve cryptography, on top of that.
@_date: 2013-06-04 17:40:39
Or, don't use Chrome until Google fixes it?
@_date: 2013-11-14 21:23:45
I agree on most things, except for this one:


No. Badges don't grant extra rights. Anyone, not just the police, has the right to keep a database of stolen coins, and try to track them. Anyone has the right to accept, or refuse to accept, any coins, for whatever reason. That's the basics of freedom of speech, and private property.
If Mike wants to run a start up to track stolen coins, that's fine. He has no right to force anyone into using his services, but he can do whatever pleases him.
I wouldn't like any tracking functionality to be built into the blockchain itself, and if this is ever going to happen, I'm probably going to dump some of the bitcoins, in order to buy an alt-currency, or gold. 
I might want to use a wallet that keeps track of recently stolen coins. This would be my personal choice. I am a free person, and I can do whatever I like with my own computer.
@_date: 2013-12-05 17:57:59
The funny thing is that those regulations are, essentially, the opposite of the US regulations. In the US, only financial institutions are *allowed* to be Bitcoin exchanges. In China, only financial institutions are *not* allowed to be Bitcoin exchanges.
@_date: 2013-05-17 22:57:40
Just as we do now, right? Except that now, most people feel they are somehow obliged to pay their taxes, even if the government are doing evil things in their name. There is a huge leap from being a mindless obedient tax slave to being a free-thinking individual who is being robbed.
@_date: 2013-12-07 01:13:52
What if some of the people in government invested 1% of their savings in Bitcoin? Wouldn't they be a bit more reluctant to save the state, at the expense of their personal savings?
@_date: 2013-07-27 00:09:05
The tax system in Russia is designed to be simplistic, and completely hidden from the taxpayers. Few of the taxpayers even suspect they are taxpayers, as taxes are automatically deducted from their payroll, and they are never ever forced to fill in any forms. 
Moreover, the corruption is so obvious on all levels, that if somebody even learns there's RT out there, the most likely reaction would be, "Wow! They are actually doing something worthwhile with those money! Go Russia, go! Go RT, go!". Most Russians, you see, are suffering from a severe form of patriotism, they are more concerned about the looks of their country from the outside, than the fact that *any* amount of money is spent on vanity projects, in the first place. Say, spending a shitload of money on military and actually delivering a new fighter jet would be welcomed by many, but if that fighter jet crashes, *that* would cause an outcry.
But, yeah, I personally admire those promoting libertarianism independently a lot more.
@_date: 2013-11-15 19:02:38
It's not obvious to me that they are discussing a centralized system. They are not going to build this sort of thing into the blockchain, are they? If somebody is going to provide a service which tries to track stolen coins, that may be useful. It may be a centralized service, but it is still a decentralized architecture - other companies may be providing different competing services. 
As long as the government doesn't force their services onto Bitcoin businesses, they are fine. As soon as any type of government coercion is involved, or implied, yes, they need to be boycotted.
@_date: 2013-11-16 01:12:09
If victims report your other addresses for scamming, the coins, and your new address, would be marked as "dirty". You would have to launder your coins first, or use the ones that you obtained by honest means.
Laundering by means of multi-input transactions may raise a flag, since this kind of laundering is pretty obvious, and the person doing it is almost certainly trying to hide something. Laundering by means of a mixing service may be possible, if they do not keep any records, and do not know at the time of laundering that your previous address was used for scamming.
By using the coins that were obtained by honest means, you may expose your identity. You may do laundering, again, and hit some of the same issues described in previous paragraph.
I mean, it's not really impossible to do all of that stuff, so I don't expect such measures to eliminate all theft and scamming. But it may somewhat reduce the probability of being scammed, make life of scammers / thieves more difficult, etc.
@_date: 2013-06-25 06:51:24
* You eliminate all of the taxes
* Nobody is going to build the roads "for free"
* All of the roads are going to be private, and you would have to pay to use them
* The busier the road, the more you would have to pay
* People would have to think twice before driving
* Huge positive impact on the environment, without any taxation at all
@_date: 2013-12-07 01:50:47
For their personal profit (as opposed to the collective interest of the government). Like governments often choose to act in their interest, rather than the interest of the whole society, individual government officials may choose to act in their own interest, rather than the interest of the entire government.
@_date: 2013-06-25 06:38:01
The way it is done in *some* countries is:
* They kick down the door of your apartment
* They search everything
* They take anything they like
* You try to convince them to give your money back
Not necessarily possible with Bitcoin. So Bitcoin is different from cash &amp; gold, in that it is immaterial.
@_date: 2013-08-20 19:37:22


Hey, children don't just disappear. Investing into children might actually be wise. Not that I have anything against Bitcoin, I own quite a bit of them myself.
@_date: 2013-07-12 00:58:05
Well, I got my bank account linked to Coinbase already. So I guess there's not much new info for the government.
@_date: 2013-05-17 23:07:41
Just as I thought. Now, what on earth does your epistemological position that dates back to Renaissance, and has been thoroughly rejected by most philosophers starting from Kant, have to do with your social theories?
Seriously, I don't understand that. I'm not really critical of Ayn Rand, she had many great insights, and brought into life an entire generation of libertarians, but this Objectivism thing... Sorry, I just don't see how it helps.
@_date: 2013-05-17 23:45:48
1. You are forcing me into a system of justice designed by you. It cannot be called "non-coercive". I am not going to submit.
2. You cannot have a monopoly and equality at the same time. Equality before the law means anybody can enforce the law. There is no monopoly. A monopoly on law enforcement, on the other hand, grants some exemptions / special powers to people wearing police uniform, meaning there is no equality.
3. In order to establish a monopoly on the use of retaliatory force, you have to confiscate people's guns first. You would have to use violence for that. Starting a peaceful society with an act of violence? Good luck with that.
@_date: 2013-11-14 19:45:51
I can see some value in this project, but:
* Redlisting should not interfere with the existing privacy-enhancing mechanisms. We cannot afford to lose the flexibility of transactions with multiple inputs / outputs. 
* The redlisting should not be performed by any single entity, but by multiple competing entities. For instance, I don't care about whether I receive any coins from a drug dealer, and I don't care about the "laundered" coins that are coming from an unknown source, but I would prefer to know if the coins I received have been stolen from someone the day before with 99% certainty. Other people may have different preferences.
* A person should be free to use the information from 1, 2, 5, or 0 redlisting agencies, and report stolen coins to 1, 2, 5, or 0 redlisting agencies. If somebody values the idea of privacy more that their stolen coins, they would not report the loss to anyone. However, I am seeing some people reporting that they have been hacked - and I don't see anything wrong with that. Having a couple of databases with this information won't hurt. It amounts to private law enforcement, anarcho-capitalist style.
From which it, basically, follows, that redlisting has to be built at the wallet level. I understand that many people are not going to like this feature - those people would be using different wallet software.
I strongly suspect that the NSA have their own version of redlisting already. I mean, come on, guys, blockchain is public. They can build their analysis tools, and they have probably built them already. Having a publicly available alternative won't hurt.
@_date: 2013-06-25 06:23:28
What exactly do you mean when you say "don't steal"? The common definition of stealing is "taking somebody else's property by force, or without them knowing". Taxation is exactly this - taking somebody else's money by force. 
Taxation is theft. 
***Society is a leech on every single individual if it is based on theft***
@_date: 2013-12-18 19:17:33


In other words, 
1. You don't want to buy it because it's going up in value (a bit weird, isn't it?)
2. You don't like that the people are free to trade it (has it become more valuable to you after the Chinese restricted transfers to BTCChina?)
@_date: 2013-11-15 19:14:02
This may even be useful. 
A red list of addresses may warn me against sending the coins to a scammer.
If I have several well-defined points of contact I can notify about my stolen coins, I might be able to get them back - provided that the rest of the community wishes to cooperate.
It can even fit well into the anti-establishment sentiment of the Bitcoin crowd. What if everyone just refuses to accept the coins that were stolen by government from Ross Ulbricht?