@_author: mondor
@_date: 2017-12-08 01:54:20
I believe the fees change based off of traffic, and then coinbase has a fee too.  I'm not sure how much it is.
Nothing is a sure thing, but storing your bitcoins in an offline location is the safest way to keep them.  The ledger has internet access when it is connected to your computer and you are transferring it, but after that it is offline.  Nothing is 100% perfect in this space,  but from what I understand this is the safest way to store your assets.  The golden rule of Bitcoin that I have heard is don't invest more than you can comfortably lose.
@_date: 2017-12-07 14:44:41
I am also very new to crypto, so I'll try to Explain like you're me because these can be confusing.
When you keep your btc in coinbase it's like keeping it in a bank, except while banks are required to insure your funds in case of robbery, there is no such regulation on cryptocurrency (I actually just learned this today, coinbase is only FDIC on your USD, not on your crypto), so there is a security risk.  Coinbase is probably one of the safest ones, but also at risk because it's the most popular. 
 An exchange called Nicehash was just hacked this week and lost of 4,500 bitcoin, it's unclear if the investors will ever get it back.  In the past an exchange called Mt. Gox was hacked (or maybe the guy stole at the bitcoin and ran) and nobody got their money back. 
If you buy a "hardware wallet" this helps protect you from that.  A hardware wallet can be a little chip that looks like a thumb drive, and is very easy to set up.  This is the one I have and that everyone is talking about  You can transfer your money from the exchange to here (for a fee), but it is MUCH more secure.  Since you are keeping it offline (cold storage, which is nearly impossible to hack) and in a different place from all of the other btc (very unlikely someone will hack your wallet), then it will be more secure than in a large exchange.  You just have to keep track of it, keep it in a safe place, and make sure you wrote down all of the security keys when it prompts you to and then double check those security keys work.
Ledger's website does a good job of explaining itself too if you have further questions about it, so I'd recommend that.
Make sense?