@_author: moneypowernexis
@_date: 2018-01-05 03:30:28
Fuck you have an upvote. 
@_date: 2018-01-02 00:07:04
100M sat
@_date: 2019-07-14 16:34:52
I see you have chosen to be offended. That's a shame.
@_date: 2019-07-26 09:40:40
Buyers bidding into the asking price and sellers setting higher asking prices.
@_date: 2019-07-31 16:36:49
You mean the Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel.
@_date: 2019-07-14 10:16:01
The sentence isn't coherent though. I am forced to guess what you mean but there is no single concept from the previous sentence that dominates as an applicable context to relate to it. 


I did not mean universally incoherent. Just incoherent to English speakers. I am sure that you know what you meant which is why I asked for clarification. 


I'm sure you mean too much for you rather than that it is universally too much :P


I don't mind either way.
@_date: 2019-07-14 09:18:19


This is not true for the last 4 years. Its speculation at this point to say that volatility will decrease even with a wider user base. 


This isn't a coherent statement. Do you mean to say that the increased perception of safety and reliability is reducing volatility or that lower volatility is leading to this perception (or that there is a self reinforcing effect) That may be the case but the lack of decline in volatility should mean that perceptions are not changing all that much. 


I would describe this as a combination of FOMO and manipulation. the media often acts as a marketing branch of people wanting to offload their positions. The counter current to this is the real belief that prices are over valued and the lack of interest in those pumping prices to continue to advertise positive price momentum once they have offloaded their positions.


I have seen this effect in action but it often signals the top of markets. 


sure, but you dont know when the trend will turn. 


 always up to a point that we may already be over the limit on. You are speculating here. 


That is not at all the conclusion I would draw from a definition of a Giffen good regardless of whether bitcoin is or isnt one.
You dont get a guarantee that a giffen good will continue to be one or continue to increase in demand. You dont get the demand guarantee with anything.
@_date: 2019-07-06 02:40:40
Gresham's law is an observation of price controls causing gluts or shortages but applied to currency.  Its typically observed where the commodity value of a coin is higher than the face value of a coin causing people to hoard the coins and spend notes instead. The effect being that "bad money" drives out the good money. 
Peter Schiff may be dumping gold (I would like to see evidence of that) but Gresham's law isnt applicable to the situation.
@_date: 2019-07-06 02:42:26
Plot twist it was a new low of 500K after hitting 2M and entering into a 6 month bear market.
@_date: 2018-09-09 04:35:00
This causes people to invest not because they think an investment will generate wealth but because they think it will do less poorly than inflation. Thats not a great way to grow an economy since &gt;99% of what you can invest in destroys capital and the other &lt;1% of companies would have no trouble gaining investors by your own logic: if 1.01% is great for tomorrow then 1.01% + a rate of return is even better. 
The main difference with inflation is the transfer of wealth from savers who dont want to invest (because they may see that current potential investment they are aware of are destructive to capital growth, ie every investment they know of is expensive and they just want to conserve resources for a time when they are more vitally needed). It transfers their wealth to those closest to the source of inflation ie bankers and politicians. So not only are people pressured into making poor investment choices they have to also compete against  the money power nexus of bankers and politicians for resources and labour when attempting to build a productive business.
Of course if the rate of wealth transfer and destruction is less than the growth of an economy overall it looks like growth is caused by inflation especially since the wealth of the economy is being transferred to the bankers and politicians so how could they not feel like its a winning strategy worth all the wars and propaganda to sustain. 
@_date: 2018-09-10 20:19:40
Dorian is the best decoy Satoshi so far. 
I hope the artist offers him a free lunch.  
@_date: 2018-08-24 10:17:15
Back in the 80s, just after gold and silver where completely removed from the USD the Hunt brothers sore that and tried to corner the silver market. Their business was Oil and they where multi billionaires even back then. They would sell oil for sugarcane in the Philippines and settle the difference in silver. Most of this went on in the COMEX which operates both a spot market and a futures market. Seeing the end of the gold (and silver) standard they bet big on the USD falling vs silver by leveraging themselves into the silver market using borrowed money. 
On the [long term charts]( you can see the bubble they caused trying to corner the market. Keep in mind this chart is not adjusted for inflation, even though the silver bubble that peaked around 2010 reached similar highs you have to adjust for inflation because dollars usually don't sit around doing nothing, you would at least hold some interest bearing asset so silver being less expensive now than it was during the Hunt brothers bubble demonstrates how well they where wrecked.
Part of their reasoning was that like today there was 10X times as many contracts long silver as there is physical silver available for delivery. The reason they are a good example as to why this is a bad argument is in the way in which the COMEX responded. They changed the rules so that silver futures contracts had to be physically delivered. Now this is a breach of contract and its a sign of corruption in that the government let them but it still proved how invalid the argument that paper contracts represent real demand for physical because the price of silver dropped like a rock.
Participants who where short had no trouble buying back their short positions if they didnt have any silver to deliver and in any case many participants might be short one year and long the next holding multiple timeframes to arbitrage the price / interest differences between them. Such structures simply unwind without there being any real net long or short position even though it is a major contributor to why it looks like there are multiple contracts on the same physical commodity. I mean you could do it on a monthly basis out 10 years and have 120X contracts on the same commodity and it wont signal anything much at all about real demand other than that market participants really like to bet on monthly price movements. 
@_date: 2018-08-24 02:42:54
There is no "everyone" with a common set of views. Also people who dont care about bitcoin's philosophical / libertarian roots can still use bitcoin if they see it as useful. They are not being hypocrites because you see the point of it as a libertarian thing and they dont. Their beliefs might be inconsistent more generally but thats a separate debate from whether bitcoin is a useful thing to them. 
If your intent is that bitcoin is a libertarian technology then people using it is ways contrary to that or building state control infrastructure is your failing not theirs. The state and its supporters should be expected to act this way since its the history of the world that anything useful is either brought into the state, controlled/farmed by it or crushed. 


There are more possible views on the matter than a binary 100% freedom vs 100% compliance. Bitcoin still gives people options they never had before. It may not be a panacea but that also means it can be improved and that the fight has to go on at multiple fronts now hopefully with a better understanding of the situation. 
@_date: 2018-08-01 21:39:57


If its done by a dictator then its nationalisation which is a form of theft. If its done by private individuals we dont use a special term to make it sound nice. 


So when a corporation calling itself a government nationalises
 


sure, private property is not always respected and the means of production not always owned by the people who respect property rights for individuals. 


Some might imagine communism without a state to be pure socialism. That would involve individuals actually wanting to form a cooperative over all property. Interestingly enough it would have to be structured in some way like bitcoin to function without aggression (since aggression would make it not true socialism right?) I dont think such a system would function without the impossible "new communist man" who has zero self interest but even if it could it is a system I find aesthetically abhorrent basically the death of individuals not dissimilar to the Borg collective.  Of course actual anarcho communists/socialists are literally capitalists (dont tell them though) if they allow individuals to say no to joining their collectives without theft of the individual's property otherwise they are totalitarian to the degree that they have the ability to force compliance regardless of whether they are democratic or not. The totalitarian entity just shifts from the individual dictator to the corporation calling itself a democracy. 
 


yep, although to the extent these are regulated you could describe Walmart and Amazon as economically fascist and to the extent that they have the power to dictate state policy to crush competitors you can call it corporatism. There is a more fundamental problem here in the structure of private property in that it is for the most part granted as a state privilege rather than as a network of mutual agreements. 


I understand that I have a weird definition of capitalism. I literally define it as a system that respects private property to the extent that it respects private property. A capitalist being someone in support of such a system to its greatest achievable extent. 
I would expect a truly capitalist system to have a lot of communism / collectivism in it BTW. People tent to want to share things and build mutual aid societies and when it comes to things like healthcare mutual aid societies have proven themselves to be effective in the past before they got crowded out by state socialism. So long as membership is voluntary its not anti capitalist. Its kind of a shame that the demographics that align with communism are so against those in support of radical individualism and that people in the middle get drawn into supporting the random set of positions held by those at the individualist vs collectivist extreme where the real battle is taking place between authoritarian vs libertarian groups.  
Anyway this is just how I view things. I'm not as confrontational against socialists as I am towards socialism as a political philosophy. I mean I think they are wrong in their economics for the most part and to the extent they support authoritarianism including democracy which I absolutely do not see as a virtuous system but rather as being between federated and mob rule I may be disgusted by an individual due to their support of aggression / coercion against individuals (or even against communes of peaceful communists)   


I cant think of many harmful monopolies that are not the benefactor of subsidies, licencing, regulatory capture or outright banning of competition. By far the biggest monopoly and creator of monopolies in any territory is the government of that territory. 
Of course you are asking a different question more akin to asking whether I would like monopolies to be nice. Would I like it if a government as the largest monopoly promised not to do bad things and actually carried through with those promises? Well yeah compared to it just blatantly abusing its power directly or in cooperation with state granted "private" monopolies its preferable but not necessarily so (its a complex tactical argument that could be made here)
Ideally though we would fight to undermine the state monopoly and the private monopoly before strengthening their positions with regulations that are subject to regulatory capture and are often more realistically chosen by lobbyists. The rise of cryptocurrencies is a good example of this agorist approach.   But you know each to his own. Some people can focus on keeping governments from getting worse while others can work on competitive alternatives. 
@_date: 2018-08-25 17:14:48
Eh, the size of the data directory is actually much larger than the actual size of blocks/transactions but even then a full archive ethereum node is not over 1TB. Your blog doesn't even make that claim, it extrapolates it based on faulty assumptions. My archive node is under 120GB not all of which is block/transaction data but state calculated from that data and indexing junk, its not pruned. I can cut the internet connection to it then randomly select any transaction by id from the past and pull up that transaction's data using web3. Geth is much worse, its more like 660GB which is likely where  gets their figure.
@_date: 2018-08-25 00:41:01
The ethereum blockchain at least with a parity full node is just over 100GB where are you getting the 1TB figure? 
@_date: 2018-08-24 01:26:11
Don't make the same mistake the Hunt brothers made and think that demand for paper commodities is real demand for the underlying commodity. 
@_date: 2018-08-26 01:23:34
States are not blocks or transactions, they can be regenerated by blocks and transactions. If a node prunes no longer used state it is still an archive node because it still has every transaction for other nodes to reproduce whatever state it is interested in. 
Its unrealistic to have a snapshot of state at every block. (although the merkle root of the state is in each block)


Ethereum has  a block size limit dictated by the gas limit. Instead of arguing about what it looks like we can just look at a chart: 
Clearly the block size has grown but it has also plated and come down somewhat. Miners don't want blocks so big that their blocks get orphaned. If anything the common narrative is that miners would keep blocs too small because they are rent seeking. 
The bitcoin block size also looks like its growing which means an exponential increase in the bockchain size: 
Of course bitcoin has a hard cap unlike ethereum and monero that adjust the block size limit but soft forks can increase the block size, the first block size increase being segwit. 
I'm a small blocker myself BTW I think scaling should be prioritised over just increasing block size but also different networks can be more or less risky when it comes to finding the sweet spot. For the most part a dynamic block size has not resulted in a doomsday scenario since even if it causes a denial of service attack being to large miners can lower the block size and get through the DoS and new information will be obtained like what specific types of transactions are used to attack a network. Information that cant easily be obtained without exposing a network to risk. 
You may reject the concept of allowing for disruption of a network and thats fine, just use bitcoin. I hold the majority of my crypto funds in bitcoin but I also see value in these other networks and see solutions to the doomsday scenarios that have already played out in some cases like miners keeping the block size limit in reasonable (for them not you) ranges. 
@_date: 2018-05-24 12:50:17
Anyone with an inability to distinguish between the actions of individuals once they label them as a group. Idiots basically, or people with their own agendas. 
@_date: 2018-05-08 03:59:27
He would have to find lenders willing to go long 20billion in bitcoin first. 
@_date: 2018-08-01 19:14:10


If you define political philosophies by outcomes rather than policies/actions then you have no mechanism to identify policies/actions that lead to destructive outcomes. 
You can label stealing peoples businesses or the wealth they create not true socialism when it leads to mass starvation but at some point it would be nice to make that argument before things turn to shit and not after and especially not as an argument to double down on stealing peoples shit. 


The public never owns things in the way socialists imagine it. Individuals own things or they form corporations or cooperatives to own things. A government being a corporation that has granted itself the right to use aggression to impose rules and take property.   
Socialists are for the most part for corporatism, they believe in one corporation (the government) that is in their faith a representation of the will of the people (despite the reality that people disagree on basically everything) benevolently taking care of everyone (despite the reality that such corporations inevitably act in the interest of the corporation)
A capitalist would never be so naive as to expect a corporation to act in the interest of anyone but itself absent economic incentives to compel it to or the freedom to say no thanks and stop doing business with it. 
@_date: 2018-08-01 20:09:15
[There are better alternatives](
@_date: 2014-02-10 08:48:06
Do you think anti-trust laws ought to be applied to governments? Don't governments fit the definition of a predatory monopoly? 
@_date: 2014-02-22 03:19:00
Who do you mean by "you"?
@_date: 2014-02-02 05:41:15
@_date: 2014-02-07 22:05:26
The basic form of the guarantee: we will beat the living shit out of anyone who doesn't get some and give it to us. I guarantee that will create some demand for the currency. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 04:43:08
You don't know of any monopolies that are free of government support. 
@_date: 2014-02-14 07:48:07
Anti-trust laws exist because you are ignorant? yeah pretty much. All the shitty things governments get away with are the result of ignorant people supporting them. Don't worry I don't put too much of the blame on you. Who educated you after-all? 
@_date: 2014-01-23 09:59:10
Every culture started out as a cult. Just calling something a cult isn't an insult. Its like saying hey you guys are into something and I don't like it. It makes me feel small and scared because it erodes my belief system... 
@_date: 2014-02-08 01:59:13
Could you give a strict definition of coercion.
The reason I'm asking is that most people see coercion as one person threatening to hurt another if they don't do something. Thats why people think its bad. If everything everyone did all the time was coercion then the word loses its meaning. You seem to want to take the word and the associated negative sentiment and apply it to things that are not in the definition that most people use. If me and my girlfriend decide to fuck each other it would be coercion in you books because we are not fucking everyone else right? I just don't see why anyone ought to give a fuck about what you are calling coercion since it applies to everything and some of the things you are calling coercive are the cure for the things that people would normally have a negative preference for. Its like with socialists fighting against the "coercion" of wage labor like clockwork leading to the starvation of the workers they are supposedly helping. When you call voluntary things coercion people use real coercion against the cure for what they think is bad. 
No one forces me to use bitcoin, no one forces me to follow the protocol. I do it because its better than not doing it in my judgement. 


bitcoin is just numbers. Nobody is taking away numbers from other people in order for it to work. The thing that is being created is value and that is not artificially scares its really scares and its voluntarily attached to bitcoin because bitcoin is scares even though the numbers are not. I like it and no one is forced to do anything. 
Now if you artificially kept the supply of water low by killing anyone who digs a well or builds a dam then that would be a different story. But if you are the creator of something: say you have a nice singing voice then its not coercion for you to decide to only sing when you get paid. You are the creator of that thing. If you went around locking people up who have a recording then that would be different. 
There has to be a person acting violently or fraudulently (leading to damage to another) for there to be coercion otherwise the concept of coercion is worse than useless. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 01:39:29
If your saying its semantics, could you give a strict definition of coercion. That way I can tell what you mean when you say:


How exactly do the early adopters dictate the demand for bitcoin? How is controlling (or allowing others to control for themselves on a voluntary basis) the supply of something that is just math coercion? 
@_date: 2014-02-07 21:58:53
*Some* people make government and impose it on the rest of them. 
@_date: 2014-02-02 07:08:01
That does indeed sound like a sucky situation to be in. But I don't see how it does anything more than cement Edgars monopoly since if he is the only employer in town then forcing everyone to pay higher wages would mean a higher barrier for entry to Simon if he wanted to take his skills along with the skills of others who feel exploited and branch out on their own business. Not only does the minimum wage prevent competition from the poor for employment and prevent new businesses from entering the market and undercutting on price but it ultimately does not help Simon in such a situation since any extra costs Edgar takes is going to be passed on to the goods and services available in the town. Simon might earn twice as much but then because Edgar has an even stronger monopoly he can now charge 3 times as much as before and not have to worry about a new competition which would have to go through a period of paying lower wages (possibly offering equity in exchange for that) since it would be illegal. 
Of course if I was in that situation I would leave for a city where there is more of a demand for labor and less regulation preventing employment competition. 
Of course this is not my real problem with the minimum wage. My real problem with it is that it is a violent way to solve the problem. You may not pity Edgar that much since he is only offering up his capital in return for money without any intention of helping others but that violence applies equally towards everyone in an economy. But not everyone copes equally in the face of it and those who thrive in such a situation to become the rule makers will be those with the least empathy for the suffering of others. 
@_date: 2016-03-21 10:59:50
[[✔]( **Verified**: [sumwhatkiller]( &amp; **&amp; USD** *(200,000 btc)* &amp; [Itsatemporaryname]( 
@_date: 2019-03-17 09:13:32


Hey, I'm not trolling. I'm doing my best to back up my arguments and listen to yours. Even though I strongly disagree with your point of view I am not attributing to you abject stupidity or malicious intent. There are points which I think are bad interpretations and bad economics but I am not going to belittle you as a person for it and where I do see your view as repulsive (your support for state violence) I am limiting that attribute to the effect of a good intention and not you know labelling you as a bad person all round. 


You can do better than ad homonym attacks. Assume that we are not idiots and let our arguments do the invalidation of the point. Its much more fun to argue against a strong argument than a weak one. I have not been doing it much today partially because you have not made an effort to go past pop culture economics into the real meat and jelly of economic theory. Maybe it would be less frustrating for you if you had? I certainly regret relying on historical anecdote to assist my arguments and would prefer a more theoretical discourse. Again why I prefer free monetary systems because we can argue the merits of different systems without the end result being yes but I'll have you locked in a cage being the ultimate rebuttal to what is the most effective system.  I mean are you aware of the disconnect between what most even mainstream economists support and what the political process generates? I've read fed documents and even they are orders or magnitude more Laissez-faire and you are arguing for their position. I cant see how you would not be frustrated by this debate and more honest about the effects of state influence in the market. 


lol, come at me bro


I expected this going in so I'm not frustrated by your lack of appreciation of my arguments. There is always a chance I might learn something though.  


Thats not advice its the equivalent of saying fuck you do things my way. Its a reformulation of the old "if you dont like it you can leave" statement. Well no shit I can leave. I can also stay. I can do many things including defy totalitarian rule even if its mob rule aka democracy. 


I actually ironically believe that. 
@_date: 2019-03-17 03:15:26


The productivity of an asset changes depending on who has it and what they are trying to do with it. A bunch of people who are being forced to speculate because money is designed to rob for them are going to do strange things that are unlikely to always be good investments like buying more real estate than there is real demand for. 
 &gt; They don't simply appreciate
sure but its not a tragedy if some assets dont appreciate. Not everything needs to be consumed or turned into an asset bubble and when asset bubbles are caused by the decaying value of alternate means to store value you need to weigh the offensive nature of the incentive creating mechanism against the dubious gains of the asset bubble.


You have a value system you are pushing here. Its not an objective assertion. You are trying to achieve something that is not necessarily worth the trade off to everyone who views the situation. 


It was a logical extension of your line of thinking: inflate the money so people are forced to speculate. Along with certain subsidies to speculating in housing specifically. The downturn and credit contraction where caused by a general market downturn but the effect specifically on housing was a result of the initial over speculation. 


By transferring massive amounts of wealth from the general population to the balance sheet of the FED and the banks that where first in line for the newly created credit. The recovery was not so great if you exclude the centralised parties from the overall view of the recovery.  The credit cycle that is effectively controlled by central banks through controlling the availability of credit isnt just bad for savers due to inflation, deflation is just as bad if not worse of a property of central banking. Its not a positive that they can cure that bad thing with another bad thing because either case wealth goes towards the centre. This is not a property I want in a currency. 


Sure, and I am not advocating Bitcoin as the solution for savings or as a currency. I would offer it up as one of the possible available alternatives. A commodity like gold is another alternative. Again not as the one solution but as one of the available solutions that can coexist. I am an advocate for free banking not an advocate for one specific class of currency. I actually dont have a problem with inflationary currencies when their use is not being forced onto people as a means of social control / social engineering. There will be times when it is efficient to use fractional reserve currencies and during those times people who speculate in them will do well since they have the ability to expand with a growing and even contracting economy (economic stimulus isnt the only way to deal with a credit contraction, its also possible to unwind a fractional reserve currency if it has not been used to prop up speculative bubbles, with speculative bubbles you have a choice of inflation or default and politically inflation is the most likely outcome but its not always the best for an economy to reward the losers and punish the winners in that way)


If you have a system with multiple currencies then you dont have to worry about a deflationary stalling of an economy so much. If there is not enough bitcoin to allow for it to act as a catalyst for trade at reasonable valuations then some other currency can be substituted. You dont need to bake the desired outcome into a single monopolistic currency. I'm sure you are not advocating for the centralisation aspect but I really do think the problems of a fiat system stem mostly from legal tender law rather than from the monetary policy itself but the assumption that there is a monopolistic currency does make the "need" to have one policy or another a desperate political battle just as if the state only allowed one type of car or style of clothing. You can argue that clothing must protect the body from the elements just as you might argue that money must keep an economy liquid but my point is not that you are wrong but that if you take a step back you are not necessarily correct in all context since a wider variety of behaviour is possible that can better fit peoples desires and when it comes down to it the efficiency of an economy is literally measuring the effectiveness of an economy to satisfy those desires. 
 
@_date: 2019-03-31 07:11:45
Socialists seem to blame everything on capitalism so its not all that surprising.
@_date: 2019-03-31 16:26:32
Nope I cant think of any social problems that I would assign the root cause to private ownership of property. There are of course problems that exist because people are flawed or because violence or fraud is being used to deny property rights or freedom from force. But maybe what I see as a problem is different to what you see as a problem. Take poverty for example, I see that as  a problem and see property rights for poor people (for everyone) as part of the solution. I do not however see inequality as a problem. Where you see exploitation I might agree (in the case of slavery) but I might also see a situation where voluntary relationships are forming that are fixing an actual problem (in the case of low paid jobs that are nevertheless only adding opportunity where only worse options exist but no actual force is being used)
  
@_date: 2019-03-17 02:18:00
You cant steal money from an economy unless you take it by force or fraud. Otherwise you are just trading with an economy for it. 


The point is to be available to be used not to force use. Or more to the point the money you want is one that forces economic activity where as the one I want allows for economic activity where its beneficial to both parties and not one that is a bad deal for saves in order to force economic churn and a transfer of wealth to a centralised party.  
@_date: 2019-03-13 11:02:33
@_date: 2019-03-31 18:00:47


It allows you to acquire property. 


The problem is not always caused by government. The default state of human beings for hundreds of thousands of years has been poverty. As for what governments do to keep the poor poor I would say that licencing or outright banning poor people from working is the biggest barrier You would blame all that on capitalism as the policies are often created as a result of lobby money entrenching monopolies  but that behaviour is the denial of property rights to the masses. When I say property rights I mean equal rights to own property not the preferential treatment that governments give.


If a corporation masses wealth by trading goods and services voluntarily then I see no problem with that. In that sense voluntary socialism is just corporatism, with the "community" really just being a corporation in reality. I have no problem with that sort of communism / socialism although I would not join that corporation myself.


I am not making a trickle down argument. Only socialists actually make that argument when they pretend its an argument made by someone.
 I'm also not right wing. The left wing and right wing are wings of parliament. They are both authoritarian ideologies and certainly not libertarian although a lot of people who call themselves libertarian are actually right wing authoritarians. I'm a classical liberal that does not care if you are collectivist so long as you are not authoritarian. If you want to live in a commune I actually support your communes right to property so long as it supports the right to property of those who dont choose it. 
Anyway since this a bitcoin forum how does bitcoin relate to this argument? I see bitcoin as a necessarily voluntary thing. It actually falls apart as a system if you apply authoritarian controls to it: changing from a distributed system to the authorities database if an authority was successful. It too does not care if you identify as part of a collective / society or as an individual. It acts as digital property that is censorship resistant. To me this is a great tool for those wanting to take away the power of authoritarians and it allows those whose property is under thereat to escape with their wealth where it would be otherwise be stolen by governments or individuals.  Its one of the most capitalist things I have ever seen, even its very function is grounded in the reality that people who disagree can come together to build something valued by all despite their differences though voluntary interaction. 
@_date: 2019-03-31 17:07:07
I really dont think I can explain something as simple as dont steal from people and then they can start to improve their lives but its how everyone who isnt a politician gets wealthy. 
The basic idea is that you trade your skills for wealth and you use your wealth to enable others to do the same. I've done it, I worked in a factory until I had enough to invest. There is also charity although a lot of what really works (mutual aid societies) people have forgotten how to do because they think depending on slavery (taxation) is better.  
@_date: 2019-03-18 00:19:18
Artisanal Facts.
@_date: 2019-03-17 02:02:28
By hoarding assets, especially productive assets you are taking them off the market for people who might put them to better use. Its the kind of thinking that caused the 2007 housing bubble which was a huge waste of resources. An economy can do better if people hoard something intangible and hoard productive assets only if they are the most willing to put those assets to some use more appropriate to the asset rather than mismatching their desire to save for the future with the ownership of a productive asset.
That doesn't mean you cant use assets as a form of savings when your desire for savings aligns with their properties as an investment but its not a hard rule that people must save in assets for the good of an economy because it can have the opposite effect. 
@_date: 2019-03-17 05:17:27


I'm glad we agree on this point. 


Thats incorrect. There is an entire universe of alternate currencies that allow for correction even correction without the perverse incentives of of a centralised actor that stands to profit from how it implements its policy decisions at the expense of users of a currency.




But foecing people to divest in currency in order to buy assets does not encourage the shift of assets from unproductive purposes to productive purposes. It shifts assets from productive purposes to the purpose of hoarding. You dont need to force assets into the hands of people who would use them for productive purposes, just the fact that people profit from putting resources to productive use does that without any need to make hoarding the purpose of owning the asset.


Not a lack of regulation. There where regulations mandating the use of credit for unproductive  purposes, even state institutions dedicated to the task of supplying loans to people unable to pay them back. Liquidity is only productive up to a certain point. The point in which there are people who can take resources and make of them things that are worth more in the future. Beyond that point adding new liquidity is a net negative for an economy because it is moving resources towards unproductive purposes. Before you even get to that point you are still robbing savers for the benefit of marginally productive purposes. Without the forced liquidity you still have liquidity its just liquidity that occurs due to the existence of potential productive investments drawing investment. 


I would say both where bad for a variety of overlapping and unrelated reasons. Let me guess though, you are going to blame the free market on anything other than what governments where doing policy wise and ignore the earlier depressions to the great depression that recovered faster without massive state intervention. Of course I dont need to make the comparison to point out that the mechanisms involved in the interventions during the great depression and great ressession funnel money towards the banks. A comparison of "by how much" is kind of useless. 


Government jobs digging holes and filling them in again did not solve the problem of automation. Getting out of the way and allowing the economy to restructure is the solution. For people that have a hard time adjusting eating their savings with inflationary policy does not help. You could make a separate case for wealfare but then I will make a separate case for private mutual aid.


You are not agreeing when you make an absolute statement that an inflationary system is better. My point is not that deflation is better, its that it is sometimes better. I would make a stronger point that you dont know when it is or is not better for other people or for the economy as a whole.  Keep in mind if I was having this conversation with a goldbug I would be making similar arguments but on the side of inflationary policy but against a state regulated by-metallic standard or any form of gold standard. The argument is not that one of the other is better but that thinking you know better than others what they ought to use is the problem that has very real negative consequences when put into government policy besides the arrogance that you think you know better than millions of people individually planning their own lives. 


You cant solve wealth centralisation with an all powerful monopolistic entity like a government, thats absurd. Governments dont fix wealth inequality they accelerate it. That said I'm not a socialist. I dont mind wealth inequality if its the result of voluntary exchange. In that case it requires those wishing to become wealthy to provide value in the process. Its only through force and fraud that inequality becomes a problem or at least I have not seen an example of a problematic monopolistic entity that is not the benefactor of state subsidies, licencing, asymmetric regulatory burden or outright banning of competition. 


The source of fiat's success is legal tender law which has 2 primary components. Debt and Taxation. Taxation is easy to explain as a way to give one currency monopoly status but the laws regarding debt are more subtle and arguably more powerful. Making a currency good for all debts public and private means any debt not denominated in legal tender runs the risk of becoming a free options trade for the borrower and makes all credit defaults a source of demand for fiat. 
Its not that we need to implement a monatarry system. Monetary systems arise spontaneously in the market but governments pick existing monatary systems and then apply legal tender status to them. Its not as if politicians are creative enough to invent things :P In fact pretty much everything governments do good or bad or twisted are things that the institution has poached from the private sector if you go back far enough. 


And politicians are better at making this determination how? 
Do you want a serious answer to this question? Everyone is going to use their own judgement or they will deffer to the judgement of others they determine to be better at making the decision for them. Its the same way people choose what asset they might invest in when inflation forces them out of a currency. Maybe they will be bad at it but then thats a good argument for not forcing people to be speculators by forcing them out of money through inflation... 


Barter does not scale due to the exponential increase in exchange rates between goods as economies grow more complex and due to problems with the divisibility of a variety of assets such as chickens. Why would a multi currency system have the same problem? Just because you have the choice to cross trade everything does not mean you will not choose a popular currency that has adequate liquidity and the monatary policy you favour. We see this already within the cryptocurrency space with bitcoin being the unit of account and exchange currency between most altcoins why wouldnt people do the same if they had greater choice?


Well then we are in conflict. Your argument comes down to a threat of violence when you advocate for the state to force people into one product. Its an argument not just from ignorance but one solidified by a refusal to even allow alternatives. Fortunately though your permission or the permission of government is not required for cryptocurrencies, only for alternate private currencies  that lack censorship resistance. 
@_date: 2019-11-12 07:32:42
We will probably notice the increased hashrate when a Matrioshka brain starts mining on the bitcoin network.
@_date: 2019-03-15 00:21:14
Something can also be wet by being in a liquid form or state. 
@_date: 2019-11-22 21:56:22
I hope thats sarcasm.
@_date: 2019-03-15 00:22:27
The bible is wrong though. 
@_date: 2019-03-17 07:34:07


You are constantly making extreme / absolute statements while requesting justification for counter positions. You are not questioning the validity of your own assertions. 


This is a good example. How do you know that that is the purpose of inflationary currency and not say just robbing people of their wealth? Moving wealth from the holders of currency to its creators is the only objectively observable effect of inflation everything else is just speculation about the intentions of politicians and special interest parties.


Assets are wealth regardless of what money is being used. Its not up to you or some politician to determine value and productivity. 


A lack of one regulation is not an absence of another. If I give a million dollars to a gambling addict the problem is not a lack of regulation no matter how many regulations you might point out are lacking at that point onwards when it comes to how the gambling addict gambles. Unless you look at the root cause of the problem you will just be applying more problems on top of the existing ones.
Price controls are not the answer to incorrect interest rates. They cannot possibly fix the problem because politicians don't know what interest rates should be and central banks are insulated from the market forces that aggregate information about the risk of a credit environment. They have no sense of the destruction of capital since they are not able to take a loss they cant just paper over.  


Why would they have to perform the calculation every time they make a purchase? You are making out its impossible but some people already interact with multiple currencies and assets daily and they don't force themselves into a position of cognitive overload every moment. Why are you not even trying to imagine or even just look at what people do practically? 


no they are not. Currencies are fungible and portable in ways that barter goods are not. This is another example of why dont you just take a look at the world and see that competing currencies already exist and that people dont use them in the way you describe. The use of currency tends to follow a power law distribution, hell even in barter economies it follows a power law distribution, thats why given a very short amount of time barter economies will transition to economies with currencies and for the most part it will be the most portable, fungible, divisible thing that at least has supply dynamics that do not preclude its use as a currency. Your view of barter economies seems to be a somewhat frantic mad max style image but in reality barter economies are much more complex and involve more kinds of exchange than just barter including some rather complex credit systems. Its at this point I can recommend checking out David Graeber, I disagree with his politics and much of his economic views but its always good to expand your world view and view on economics.


Again look at the real world. This is not a real problem. Even in ancient times when Jesus was supposedly flipping tables people got along with multiple currencies by exchanging them. In modern times this process is incredibly fast and again its a strawman to think that just because you have the choice to own any number of currencies that you would not choose the one with the most liquidity that meets your needs including the one that you expect your counterparty to use if that is even a problem due to the availability of exchange solutions. I mean even with fiat I buy things sold in foreign fiat currency and pay using my local fiat currency and it is exchanged with a minimum of cognitive load or any problems associated with pricing.  Its not a state that provides this service either. Why do you refuse to even look at how the world works? 


We cant have freedom of currency choice because someone might be against the freedom of currency choice? come on you can d better than that. Your problem here is exactly the solution that you are advocating for. A company town (the government and its territory) forcing businesses to use its script that is worthless elsewhere and which has been reduced to an intangible currency. 


Its worthless that you are for my free choice but support me being forced to pay for your choice imposed on everyone.   
  
@_date: 2019-03-10 15:48:46
The one where JP made record profits because it is not net short silver but instead makes money on volume as a broker of silver contracts? 
@_date: 2019-03-24 14:43:05
The esiest way to double spend is to find someone who accepts zero confirmations before delivering some instant good or service. You send them payment with low or regular fees and claim the service immediately. Then once you have your value from the deal you generate another transaction with a higher fee. Miners will likely mine the higher fee transaction. 
For example if an exchange accepts zero conf deposits allowing you to trade the funds before they are confirmed then you could withdraw some other currency before your other transaction gets mined effectively robbing the exchange. Even if they dont allow withdrawals before the transaction clears if they allow you to trade you can undo trades that turn against you or even transfer value to a dummy account by doing a bad trade against it with the one that will have its deposit undone.
Once a transaction is in a block it goes from being trivial to double spend to being difficult. Instead of just paying a higher fee to double spend you now have to mine a block at the same height the transaction was in but with your transaction invalidating it (so it wont end up in later blocks) if you have a lot of mining power you can do this by chance even without 51% of the mining power Say you have a mining pool with 10% of the mining power. Well if you try to double spend you are going to lose more than 90% of the time (remember the chain with your transaction is already a block ahead of you) but the odds are not zero. For a big enough double spend you can still profit even if you only win 1% of the time. To counter this exchanges typically apply withdrawal limits or require a certain number of confirmations. 6 confirmations makes it near impossible to double spend bitcoin and uneconomic in most cases. For altcoins it might take more to become uneconomical or or it might actually never be uneconomical if the PoW is centralised enough (if you are the only one mining an altcoin you have all day to build an alternate version of history)
@_date: 2019-11-23 03:27:58
The hunt brothers where trading oil for sugar in the Philippines and settling the difference in silver. This was an indefinitely sustainable trade until they started using leverage. They looked at the COMEX and saw that there where 100x contracts on silver then was available supply and they borrowed thinking that the market was close to being cornered.
Their mistake was in thinking that leverage in the futures market represents real demand including their own contracts. Sure they where able to push the price up but borrowed money needs to be paid back and the only way to do that when you are fully leveraged into an asset is to sell that asset. 
Now I'm no fan of what the COMEX did. They made it so that silver futures contracts had to result in physical delivery rather than cash settlement and this was a violation of the existing contractual environment but if the Hunt Brothers had been correct and futures contracts represented real demand then physical delivery would not have been a problem for the price. But the biggest holders of futures contracts on commodities are ironically banks hedging against inflation as well as speculators neither of which tend to want to take ownership of the real product.
Anyway banks and speculators pulling out of the market tanked the price and because the Hunt Brothers where over leveraged they tanked their own net wealth in the process. 
If instead the Hunt brothers had just stuck to buying as they had funds left over from their profitable businesses they would not have made themselves vulnerable to price manipulation / changing regulatory rules. If they had just HODLed then a 90% crash in the silver price would have been an opportunity for them rather than resulting in a margin call.
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:07:06
@_date: 2018-10-26 21:00:59
You sell your bitcoin for an investment when you think the investment will do well. This is much better than investing only because your money  is a shit store of wealth. It means companies will have to prove to a higher degree that they are not going to just piss away the funds they raise. Right now this seems implausible because bitcoin is still in its growth phase but at some point it will slow down in its adoption and price growth. Since bitcoin offers no yield when its prices become stable over long periods of time people will have to invest to grow their wealth as opposed to just preserving it. This was the same under the gold standard which had in it the longest periods of improvement for the human condition, shit times relative to today but getting better much faster and with no lack of people investing. 
@_date: 2019-08-11 21:27:33
Priced in dogecoin I could see it still going 1000x from here
@_date: 2019-10-26 05:12:58
@_date: 2019-06-18 13:41:47
@_date: 2019-06-23 14:23:10


Is that a true statement? I would say its more difficult than bitcoin but impossible? 


Where did I say there wasn't? 


You dont as an individual have to invest in anything. You could just be a consumer who produces nothing until you die thats fine but when enough people exit to cause a significant impact on the value of the USD by changing the demographics at least some of them will have to invest at their destination. 
The point isnt about what you  xtal_00 specifically do. Its what tens of millions of people would do. Any less than that and from the perspective of the US government or the fed nothing happened. 
Presumably in the destination more food, housing etc would need to be produced than is already there or else you have less stuff to go around and even your bitcoin will be devalued in the process of bidding up the price of limited goods. Investing in real wealth / productive assets in the location where people are immigrating to is a way of hedging that. 
This is not investment advice since I dont think we are in this scenario or anywhere near it or likely to see it any time soon I'm just playing out the scenario to point out that its harder to crash the USD than you think. If it where easy then that makes all the people trying to end it pretty useless...
@_date: 2019-06-06 03:51:26
11: forgetting password
100: theft by friend or family member 
101: insufficiently random private key (buggy random number generator)
110: government confiscation of laptop containing deleted but not erased wallet while you operate a marketplace from a public library
@_date: 2019-06-26 02:13:31


For someone thats a lot of money. In fact its higher than the global median wealth. Obviously if you have big boy amounts of money in a world before bitcoin you would use big boy methods of moving wealth. 


My only point was that its possible. It wasnt even an important point. It was a point to show I can allow for capital flight in other ways and the argument that capital flight is difficult still holds. You are essentially agreeing with the main point of what I was saying and only arguing that you have much higher faith in border security than I do on faith.
@_date: 2019-06-23 04:44:00
The dollar has value because of the threat that you will get your stuff stolen by government or you will be locked in a cage or killed if you don't acquire dollars to pay debts and taxes. The existence of an alternative currency does not change that. There is plenty of wealth in the united states that cannot be effectively held without that threat being applied to its owners and that wealth serves as the backing to the US dollar. 
Its an ugly system and bitcoin for sure provides a means for some to exit and might allow some capital flight on the margins but for a complete Dollar collapse it might take much more than the existence of bitcoin like anarchism or an alternative government becoming a dominant cultural force. Does that seem likely right now?
@_date: 2019-06-20 05:55:58
He could always short bitcoin before moving funds to hedge any downside from moving the funds. If the impact from moving the funds is large enough he would not even need to dispose of the bitcoin, he could put them back to sleep and spend the income from the closed out short.
@_date: 2019-06-24 02:56:17


So does travelling across borders with drugs but its not like that never happens. I'm not saying its easy to do I'm just saying its not impossible. Its one of the ways people have historically moved large amounts of wealth across boarders. 
Your argument has changed by the way. You started out saying it was not possible, now you are saying its just unlikely.
@_date: 2019-06-23 04:46:20
50 shades of green.
@_date: 2019-02-19 11:31:58
@_date: 2019-02-15 09:02:15
And if the thing that made it illegal was censorship resistance? 
@_date: 2019-06-16 06:00:47


Its certainly a harsher monetary policy but I dont think an economy based off of it would necessarily be more conservative. Sure its a terrible idea to get in debt denominated in bitcoin due to its explosive volatility and limited supply but thats where I see equity or tokens that represent some sort of hope for future value playing the same role for raising funds. I dont exactly see the ICO craze as conservative but that looks like the primary meas of funding speculative things in the crypto space and will be for some time to come. Bitcoin does however allow you to remain conservative if you choose to rather than having your currency backed by the speculation of others when you want to be conservative. 
The problem with the current system to me is not the existence of fractional reserve  currencies or their mismanagement or even centralisation of wealth but rather that we are forced into them. Any financial system in my opinion will be corrupted by people being forced to use it. Even a gold standard or a bitcoin standard would be a vector for exploitation if they where subject to legal tender law. How that corruption would show up might be different but it would be there. If you are not forced to use it then I might still dislike the effects but at that point it becomes kind of irrelevant / not my business.  
 


I think credit can vastly increase the wealth of a civilisation raising the standard of living of everyone involved but it can also be abused. Our ability to assign people a reputation gift them goods in the hope we get something in return at some future date is really the foundation of the advantage humans have over all other animals. Because of this ability we can live in places that have seasonal resources. Barter alone cannot really help in the case where your tribe has nothing but the expectation of a good harvest some time later or if it lives in an area with no food and seasonable demand for the resources that are obtainable. 
Some means of representing future value  so you can leverage that promise to stay alive up to the point where you can repay it massively expands our capabilities as a species. It allows us to stay in the same place and specialise rather than having to move with the availability of resources which lowers conflict over resources and increases our ability to produce furthering the benefits of trade. 
Money is really just a way of keeping score when economies get too complex for interpersonal relationships to encode both barter and credit. For barter having a reference good makes trade so much easier but for credit it allows people to not even realise that they are dealing not in something that is intrinsically valuable but rather they are accepting something that is for the most part a vague promise of future value. If we looked at money as having to be something valuable in and of itself then we would be much less successful because we would have to send actually useful goods around to do the accounting and when those goods are lost or wasted its a real material loss compared to a credit default or socialised cost due to inflation which is still bad but not as wealth destructive as a material loss but also people who have nothing in the moment would just starve if they cant rely on the charity of strangers. 
Now as for loans of money at interest. I think I've made the case that its not necessary. You can go a long way just on informal credit and with money that is a hidden expression of credit and with alternative forms of speculative investment but the more ways in which to do credit the better I think again with the caveat that its voluntary and that people take responsibility for understanding the risks.    


I dont think most people would loan significant amounts of money without expecting interest any more than they would let a stranger stay in their house without eventually wanting some rent. Its possible that many will but there is obviously more opportunity to borrow when you sweeten the deal or at least make up for risk and wear and tear. You could budge the amount of available free credit culturally but I think its going to be limited to credit that can be tracked by interpersonal relationships. 


I think that depends on the currency. I dont think commodity like currencies  for example gold or bitcoin need inflation to avoid a credit contraction since a credit contraction is not a systemic risk. Its only a risk to individuals in debt but debt repayments d not effect the supply of currency overall, it just moves around who has the currency. 
There are also ways to design reserve currencies that are similarly not effected by credit contractions. If for example interest payments are not denominated in the reserve currency or not deleted from the supply but are rather spent back into circulation.
I am of course interpreting necessary/needed to be descriptive terms not prescriptive terms. There are economists that might say inflation is needed but what they really mean is that they desire the effects of inflation on an economy and their desired effect might be something I'm opposed to like a financial system that is highly stable but stable in a way that keeps destructive individuals in power. At times there might be a system where a central party benefits from inflation and I'm ok with it but again that comes down to it being voluntarily chosen. For the most part I think developer inflation is a bad idea though but I could see some projects voting on inflation as needed being a good thing. Thats pretty standard for company stock and a DAO would be more like that than a currency in my opinion.
@_date: 2019-02-09 11:33:01
What about 99.5% cash 0.5% lottery tickets, how did that perform vs 1% bitcoin over the last 12 months?
@_date: 2019-06-23 11:57:48
I would not assume that an end to the petrodollar agreement would be an inflationary event. It could just as well result in a credit contraction as less USD is recycled through the bond market back into the US economy massively lowering the liquidity of the USD and increasing the cost of credit. 
I would expect the market to tend towards higher interest rates and in response efforts by the US government to devalue the USD vs foreign currencies to increase liquidity while the fed does more QE to attempt to counter the credit contraction. But whether the scales are tipped one way or the other I would not want to guess. Either way though its not an end to the USD or even a hyperinflation without a drastic change in either fed policy or the capacity of the US government to enforce legal tender law domestically. 
I just dont think the petrodollar is as important to the value of the USD as it is to its liquidity.
That said Its not a bad idea to have some inflation protection if the US government or the fed over reacts but I would not bet on them over reacting in a way that puts themselves out of business or in a way that pays off your debts for you.
@_date: 2019-06-23 04:26:40
Gold doesn't have value as a censorship resistant digital currency.
@_date: 2019-06-24 02:59:30
I made no prescriptive argument. 
Its possible to say that the usd is robust without being a supporter of it. I also think cancer is difficult to eliminate from a population and that people who think its trivial are wrong but that does not make me a cancer supporter or in any way opposed to finding cures.
@_date: 2019-06-20 05:58:08
Its possible for 5% to cause a 90% drop. Prices are non-linear. It would depend on the liquidity at the time when he sells. In any case if he is smart he would short sell BTC before he moves any coins so he is hedged against any psychological impact moving old coins might cause.
@_date: 2019-06-25 01:25:42
Its not impossible for average people to smuggle. In communist china a popular way to smuggle gold coins in was to use american gold eagles to cover the eyes of dead people being returned to china. There are literally billions of ways in which people can hide, bribe or evade objects through a boarder when the state is actively trying to suppress the movement of wealth, hell Adam Savage accidentally brought a 12 inch razor blade on a flight and only found out at the destination. Thats a pretty big demonstration of how much of a joke arguably the highest level of security is. 
But for the sake of argument lets say you are correct and the US government decides to hire competent people and train them well and station them at every conceivable exit to the united states. Scanning all things leaving the country and examining anything that could conceivably contain more value than allowed. Thats a great argument for the US dollar not collapsing due to capital flight because you are saying getting material wealth out of the united states will be "constructively impossible".
@_date: 2019-02-14 00:45:33
If satoshi spends all his bitcoins then he wont have them any more. If a central bank or a treasury spends all their fiat... they cant because they can just make up more. 
@_date: 2019-02-17 11:48:08
Your friend needs to contact the exchange and let them know what happened. Any good exchange will either refund or credit the funds. 
@_date: 2019-06-23 07:28:52


Sure as an individual you can sell everything and exit. I could argue that you could also do this with gold but at a higher risk of confiscation.
But this does not necessarily result in a dollar collapse since when you liquidate your wealth and leave the country you are leaving behind wealth  that continues to be a target for laws that back the dollar. 
Real estate and primary industries including mining and agriculture have assets that can not easily leave a country. As an individual you can sell and rebuy elsewhere but on a macro scale these assets don't leave. At most they might become inefficiently used as productive people exit leaving the assets in the hands on less productive people so you have less valuable assets remaining but thats just less of a backing not zero backing and it may take generations for this transition to take place if the US government does not go full socialist with its policies.
@_date: 2019-04-13 08:04:55


Because he is not Satoshi trying to convince people he is a scammer but a scammer trying to convince people his is Satoshi.
@_date: 2019-04-02 23:34:03


Expected by who?
Past returns are not guaranteed. 
@_date: 2019-04-02 23:07:24
You need to have your own strategy. Why did you buy bitcoin? Has it done what you expected or proven it wont? Did you make a mistake buying? Bought too much to be comfortable holding? Have you found something you are more sure about?
There could be many reasons to sell some or all besides what the price is doing but you have to figure that out for yourself because we are all guessing too and dont know your circumstances. 
@_date: 2017-04-30 04:55:54
Reddit calcium for strong bones.
@_date: 2019-04-03 20:21:47
Come on, [expectations here]( are perfectly reasonable and balanced. 
@_date: 2019-04-02 01:59:47
You don't seem to be considering that deflation is a tool of central banks that can be just as devastating to you as inflation. Dollars are not simply injected into the economy without any backing at all. They are loaned into an economy with the collateral or legal contract of that loan acting as the backing and private debt often takes up a larger portion of it meaning private assets, homes, businesses etc act as the backing. Think of how hard people work to keep their homes and their businesses. Causing a hyper inflation would allow these people to free themselves from debt. Its not something that central banks actually want, they dont want to destroy the currency, they want things to continue on the way they are so they can continue to harvest a percentage of the productive capacity.
If you look at Venezuela or Zimbabwe you see places where private property is being attacked. Where governments increase their control over peoples homes and businesses or destroy peoples ability to get the benefits of their homes and businesses. Under those conditions people who are in debt walk away from their debts. Why pay your mortgage when the government has stolen your land or moved you into state housing? why pay your business loan when its illegal to sell products for a profit so you cant afford to restock your shelves? These are economies that have been run into the ground through rampant government theft and stupidity. Without the deflationary effect of people buying currency to pay interest on their loans there is nothing to offset inflation caused by money printing. Newly printed currency will not get sucked back out of circulation at some point in the future. Venezuela and Zimbabwe central banks and governments did not respond to this by changing policy, allowing markets to function and for people to own capital privately. They respond by doubling down and applying threats of force, if you sell things dont accept their currency then you could get a bullet in the head. For some reason this does not fix the problem but instead speeds up the exit of individuals providing goods and services.
Large modern economies like the united states may be headed in the same direction but there is a lot more property in private hands to destroy or take before that happens and the attitudes and policies that effect the economy are very different. Socialist policies are not as popular as some people would believe even among the democratic party and their supporters. A lot of those people are corporatists that are bad in their own way but they dont in general support policies that strip away all of peoples property immediately. It may seem that way to someone who sees all taxation or state control over private property as theft and it may end up that way if they where allowed to win all the time but there is ore stability there than I think you give the system as a whole credit for. 
If you want to see this stability in action just study asset prices during the 2008 financial crisis and for years after. All that money printing and the USD has not actually experienced hyper inflation. How could that be? How is it that goldbugs and investors in commodity companies got rekt?  Well there is a lot of debt in the economy and that debt is not inflationary, its deflationary. That is money that could be sucked out of the economy. I have seen it described as the great deflationary vortex sucking money out of the economy. Trillions of dollars where removed from the private sector debt markets in the years after the financial crisis. Government debt has grown but it has grown as a response of the central banks wanting to offset the effect of the credit crunch. They could have let the credit crunch occur with much higher deflation or they could have given the economy much higher inflation the point is that the central banks have their hands on the levers that influence credit markets to a degree like no other entity within an economy. If you consider these people to be your enemy or the system they execute to be an abomination then its is worth understanding that the machine is way more stable than how you have described it, its not going to just fail on its own, at least you have to consider it wont do so in your lifetime. 
So what do you do? How Do you plan for the scenario where things stay the same or are not as extreme as you expected or you even see deflation relative to productive assets? The only solid advice I know is to be very careful when getting into debt. Don't bet on inflation wiping away your debts unless you have the income to sustain interest payments because it might take a very long time indeed for that to happen. 
@_date: 2019-04-13 15:53:11
There need not be any rational reason for him to lie. Some people are just compulsive liars or a combination of compulsive liar and calculated opportunist and there need not be consistency in which mode of operation they are functioning in.
The fact that he has been caught out so many times providing fraudulent proofs should give you the expectation that anything he says is suspect. You don't need to know his motivations to know that and nope the fuck away from trusting him.
Maybe one day he will do a 180 and rationalise all his behaviour but until then what can you do with a liar? 


The same reason any altcoin or even bitcoin has value. It has a community of people willing to buy and hold it. No doubt some of them believe he is satoshi and some dont but have different reasons to speculate (to dump on someone else gullible enough to believe or because it really doesn't matter if he is Satoshi or not )
@_date: 2019-04-02 23:32:47
OK so is bitcoin becoming regular money? I've been in bitcoin for a long time and over that time I have seen a trend towards this but it has been slower in some respects than others. The lightning network is in my opinion the most positive sign in terms of its adoption as a payment currency and the resilience of the network security has given me confidence that bitcoin is never going away. 
On the other side of the argument its still clunky to use clients, its volatile and while volatility has gone down its still higher than I would be comfortable holding as a merchant who needs to restock a shop or something if I did not want to speculate. The ability of the network to settle enough lightning transactions to keep lightning as secure as the main chain during the scenario of full adoption is also something I wonder about. I'm not a big blocker, that can lead to network congestion and subsequent centralisation so there needs to be some innovation here. 
As an investment, you are really betting on being an early adopter rather than being late to the party. I prefer the term speculator when doing this as I think it keeps you grounded.
Have you done any technical analysis / short term trading? I did years ago and found that I was no good at it on a short term basis but was reasonably good at 3-6 month swing trading between altcoins and bitcoin but that it was not really worth my effort compared to just making more money in my job and hodling a small amount of BTC because I believed in it. I still do although I'm more inclined to sell because of how overweight I am in crypto not because of where the price is at. 
@_date: 2019-04-03 00:04:05
Being a censorship resistant currency that is not going away is still a pretty big market even if bitcoin stays volatile. The gold marketcap is about 10 trillion dollars for example. I dont know if bitcoin will get that big but it is one of the moon shot scenarios that keeps me hodling as a speculator. It may be the crypto economy as a whole though (I'm no maximalist) if scaling, price stability and privacy can be achieved without sacrificing censorship resistance in an altcoin other than bitcoin. So far I dont see anything too convincing though but I keep an open mind. 


Options / futures markets can mitigate this risk somewhat but at a cost and that cost can be prohibitive for smaller players unless the cost of these markets radically reduces too. Getting a better understanding of how regular financial markets work is helpful in evaluating the situation. 
I recommend checking out [khanacademy]( and [economics girl]( both are pretty mainstream so not ideology free which can be grating if you are libertarian / anarchist but as with all things its possible to entertain opposing ideas without adopting them. I have to throw in [Economics in one lesson (pdf) ]( for the Austrian Economics introduction book.  
@_date: 2019-04-03 00:09:41
I understand what you are saying, I just think its retarded. 85% annual return is unsustainable.
@_date: 2017-04-05 22:30:32
WTF, I live litecoin now?
@_date: 2019-04-03 09:17:52


Extending that projected tend outward the bitcoin marketcap would have to be over 1700 trillion in 30 years. Thats an order of magnitude bigger than all equities on all stock markets in the world combined, hell its bigger than all national currencies combined with all equities. 
At what point would you think that the valuation is unreasonable? 
I mean wouldn't the Winklevoss twins decide that they would rather all listed assets in the world than to hold bitcoin long before we get to that point?
@_date: 2019-04-13 02:30:44
If he was Satoshi then [the evidence that he is faking]( can really only be explained by him attempting to convince people he is not Satoshi.
@_date: 2017-04-01 06:43:38
They sexually identify as Chinese. 
@_date: 2017-04-08 08:56:32
Thats only rare because DRM in the replicators prevent it from being synthesized just as it prevents you from printing off the parts for another replicator or weapons and drugs.  
@_date: 2019-04-01 02:47:28
I can see how the evolution of the bitcoin community and the crypto space in general would be distressing for a socialist. However there are systems that I think could be built that would cater to the values of collectivists that support things like the UBI or in built wealth transfer directed by some form of distributed governance but I dont know how you would solve the problem of keeping the governance votes in a 1 to 1 relationship with individuals  rather than to the resources of those individuals. You need some sort of identity system but such systems are easy to game or require a centralised authority to administer which opens them up to corruption.  
Since I'm not a socialist I dont care to solve that problem. I prefer systems where there is no strong wealth redistribution regardless of the relative holdings of participants. A system where the largest holders can vote themselves more power and wealth is obviously broken but one where the design is fixed so that those with governance roles are negatively affected by their bad decisions in proportion to their stake governance is ideal. Maker / MKR governance and Augur REP governance would be examples of that. For bitcoin or PoW in general the cost of acting badly after acquiring too much governance power (mining power) is to see the community fork away from the PoW algorithm you use. I think the incentive is strong enough for it to not need to be used but the option is always there and even demonstrated in part by altcoins that have split from bitcoin. 
More disturbing to me is the change in demographics of the bitcoin community but that is to be expected as adoption pulls in a more diverse range of people than the original ideologues  and dreamers.  
@_date: 2019-04-08 02:06:02
@_date: 2018-11-19 21:21:20


I doubt the marketcap will get that low but it is possible I guess. 
@_date: 2018-11-07 11:34:05
So bitcoin was the first guy, the second guy was litecoin then dogecoin and at the end we are in the situation we have now with thousands of altcoins?
@_date: 2018-03-14 00:40:25
@_date: 2018-02-16 23:58:25
The odds in colliding with a specific address is 1 in 2^160 not 2^256 for a [bitcoin address]( because of  the RIPEMD-160 hash having only 160 bits out.
EDIT: didn't mean to imply it was just version 1 addresses. 
@_date: 2019-01-23 12:22:25
Don't tell people you're holdling bearer instruments. 
@_date: 2018-03-26 23:24:48
There is a limit. Transactions that are so low value that they are worth less than the cost of storing them and transmitting them forever across thousands of computers will never make sense to put in a blockchain no matter how big blocks  get but can make sense in a layer 2 solution. Layer 2 expands the space of things that are economically viable.
@_date: 2018-03-26 23:20:04
It doesnt need that level of security though because if its wrong then the worst that happens is that it becomes not useful to find paths. No one loses any money. It also makes no sense to have a layer 2 solution for it but if you did that layer would be an order of magnitude smaller so its not as ridiculous as as the joker is trying to make out. 
@_date: 2018-02-16 00:50:09
It be like it do. 
@_date: 2017-10-10 03:07:32
hey 0.00416 Bitcoin is 0.00416 Bitcoin
@_date: 2018-07-12 01:21:36
The chart is for demonstration purposes to show what sort of price behaviour corresponds to what emotions. Real price movements can deviate by any amount in magnitude and time independently and the pattern can break and return at any moment. 
The hype cycle is a good guide for knowing what sentiment will *tend to* show up next but it should not be taken too seriously and is completely useless in telling you when sentiment will shift.
@_date: 2018-04-06 01:19:34


Capital goods coming down in prices while savings rates are going up and reckless consumerism is going down.  
@_date: 2018-04-09 11:28:30
Its more of a feeling then something that can be pinned down by explanations. 
@_date: 2018-04-06 01:35:24
When they steal the money and produce things of value its even worse: imagine you own a restaurant and someone takes the money and spends it on hookers and blow. This provides employment (so builds a support base of drug addled whores) but generally just pisses away the money. Now imagine they took the money and instead of pissing it away they started a competing restaurant. Now you are not only out of the money but you are down the opportunity to expand your business into that land or hire those people, they may even poach your employees with the money they took from you. Of course if they do it on a grand scale it becomes hard to track exactly where you are losing your opportunities and the number of people supporting it expand to the point where they can become organized and educated in the art of supporting the theft and the economic circumstances push more and more people into making the choice to be recipients of the theft rather than victims of it and once in that situation it becomes hard to imagine what you lost if you where a capital owner or even if capital owning was not a thing under constant attack so there was more competition from them for labor and more wealth in it to fund the purchase of labor in real terms. 
@_date: 2017-05-01 12:36:00
No more arguments about who left the gate unlocked :P 
@_date: 2017-05-10 00:02:51
about her baby.
@_date: 2017-05-01 15:02:48
Removing a lock allows the bar its attached to to slide out and be removed. Removing a bar allows the bar its through to slide out and be removed. Repeat until you remove the final bar.
@_date: 2017-05-27 08:27:10
@_date: 2017-05-02 05:10:38
Then at least they know to check the security footage.  
Nothing is 100% secure. It just has to be a net increase in security over the cost to be worth it. 
This contraption though is probably not worth it. That's over $600 worth of padlocks and some rather nice machined steel. Its also not a high gate, you could jump over it so its unlikely to be securing anything vital. Maybe someones parking space. 
@_date: 2017-05-01 15:39:47
Or you could just have one bar with all the padlocks on it with the bar sliding back to a plate until the padlocks catch on it. Removing any one padlock allows the bar to slide back further with M padlocks needed to be removed before the bar is far enough back to release the gate that opens perpendicular. 
@_date: 2017-05-02 03:20:30
Ah, sorry. That one is a bit harder to understand at first but it works just like linking together the padlocks in a chain. Each padlock holds together 2 pieces of metal, the first metal peice attached to the pole and the last one attached to the bar. Removing any padlock allows the metal pieces and padlocks after it to slide away from the pole along with the bar unlocking the gate.
@_date: 2017-05-02 13:25:10
Next stop an entire Lamborghini account up in your Hollywood Hills.
@_date: 2017-05-02 23:36:37
I'm a filthy karma whore!
@_date: 2017-05-10 05:27:57
as a bitcoin trader
@_date: 2017-05-02 05:20:32
whats the point of 1 of 6 multisig bitcoin transactions?
@_date: 2019-05-08 10:04:45


This is true if you do not consider the effect of amortisation. Its possible to combine zkSTARK proofs so that multiple transactions are proven by a single proof without increasing the size of the proof or the time to verify dramatically. 
Time to create proofs increases but that work can be done off chain so its not duplicated across all nodes. Technically the proof time scales linearly but the verification time is a logarithm of the proof time. That is not a property of other current proof systems like bullet proofs which are good for privacy and small proof size but not good for scalability.  


The time required for these technologies to be ready is speculation. I dont think it will be years but months until ethereum has a zkSTARK dex. Starkware already has a functional proof system working within an ethereum virtual machine that demonstrates that scalability improvement is possible with a planned DEX capable of 10K exchange transactions amortised to around 800 gas (in comparison to ~100,000+ gas for current on chain atomic swaps) 


Thats fine. I have different guesses as to when bitcoin will add various technologies. I'm certainly not advocating for bitcoin to add zkSTARKs or any particular tech until it is tested thoroughly with money at stake in other systems and even when its time to add different cryptographic privacy and hopefully scalability tech I would still advocate for these scripts to be segregated from the lowest protocol layer so if they do fail that the effects are limited to the users of those features.
I am not saying there is no risk in using these technologies. Hell even elliptic curve cryptography could be broken completely in my lifetime and I am a believer in the Lindy effect as a heuristic for estimating the expected life time of a technology.


You are speculating here. Its fine to think this but it could easily be wrong or more to the point the probable effects are as unknown as the real timeline for future cryptographic systems to go into production. BTW even if you are talking 2-5 year delays thats still not really a significant amount of time in the big picture for some speculators. Taking more years isnt really an argument about the possible merits of different technologies. Remember I'm not selling you a product. I have no problem pointing out that there are only demonstrations of the cryptography in existence not anything production ready. And again I would advise people not to use it with significant amounts of funds in the early years just as I would not put all my BTC into a lightning channel right now. 


Lighting is great but you still need to close out channels. If 7 billion people are going to be opening and closing channels even just once in a while you need an additional scaling solution to handle that. I think we can both agree that big blocks are not the solution if you want to maintain censorship resistance.
@_date: 2019-05-14 06:39:29
@_date: 2019-05-30 15:43:21
Not at all. The limit is 256 bits of entropy. Any more bits than that and it does not make it harder to crack. It does however make it a non standard process making it easier for implementation flaws to occur or even fraud since someone using your process is more likely to use your software which could be intentionally vulnerable or vulnerable because its designed by someone without a good understanding of cryptography.
@_date: 2019-05-30 09:26:50
You cant get harder to crack than completely random.
@_date: 2019-05-06 01:31:52
To temper something is to bring it to a desired consistency so by definition tempering is a good thing.  
Not being a man slut is a different thing to being asexual.
@_date: 2019-05-08 05:35:15


I'm jaded by how political what should otherwise be a basic conversation about technology should be. It should be possible to discuss the merits of technology without it being a pissing match between people marketing one currency over another.
Take ring signatures for example. If I started talking about the positives and negatives of that tech I would simultaniously be attacked by the maximalists that think I'm shilling monero and by the monaro supporters who dont like me pointing out the negatives because ultimately I dont think privacy is something people are willing to spend money on (and they need to in order to use it because the cryptography is resource intensive) Which is an absolute shame because being an ancap who wants to see complete currency privacy I want to be able to have the conversation about the technology or any new technology in the same area without it being about my tribe vs your tribe. 
Should it really be the case that you cannot  openly discuss the positives of a technology because some altcoin project has started to use it first? Should it even matter if the tech is being used by another coin? 




I said when it comes to bitcoin. Its possible to want to see one platform have one set of trade offs and another project have another set of trade offs. I dont see a different set of trade offs as "stupid" I dont even see a failure as necessarily stupid if you learn something from it even if you only learn not to do it again. But I dont think people have learned from ethereum that no one should use turing complete smart contract languages and I even see ethereum's gas price modelling being stealthily integrated into bitcoin as "block weight" because it solves the problem of scripts using both processing, bandwidth and space while pre segwit bitcoin only accounted for bandwidth. I am both proud of having invested in the ethereum ICO and wealthier and still holding. But yes you should not invest in ethereum or ICOs because they dont represent any value to you I can still say hey look at this technology without wanting to change your mind on that. 


from what I know the main group developing software for the implementation of zkSTARKs is starkware. They plan to trade their support as developers and cryptographers to existing crpto project foundations. Vitalik is an investor in that company and some proof systems have been demonstrated to work in solidity but the founder of Tezos (which I no longer own and will not own for political reasons as they forced KYC onto ICO investors) is also an investor in starkware. Integrating it into any smart contract platform should be trivial once one of them has it (although auditing is another prblem entirly at least with smart contracts you cant issue new protocol currency in contrast to directly integrating a feature into a protocol). With bitcoin I would guess it would have to be a side chain or a soft fork (similar to segwit where the new rules are separate from and in addition to the old ones)
@_date: 2019-05-14 01:42:49
2864.788975655 * pi
@_date: 2018-12-13 18:19:56
I think what you are missing is an understanding of basic statements like:


This is no different for rootstock as it was for segwit. Miners that participate must be validating the additional rules and 51% of miners must participate for the rules to be enforced such that invalid transactions in the new rule set that are not invalid on the old ruleset can be attacked. This is soft forking 101, rootstock is more complicated but it has to follow this same principle. You cant get around it with simple SPV proofs. Its right there in the document you linked. 
@_date: 2019-05-28 03:56:46
Its fake.
@_date: 2018-12-13 18:24:28
Then what exactly have I said that you disagree with? 
@_date: 2018-12-10 04:14:02
[Max Keiser: Crash JP Morgan - Buy Silver!](
- *JP makes record profits off of trading volume*
@_date: 2019-05-07 22:17:08
If I had bought the same amount in dollar terms each previous bubble since I started following BTC I would have bought at $30, $250, $1100 (the price was higher but not really with functional exchanges) and $19000. My average price would have been ~$104 since I would have bought significantly more BTC at $30 than at $19K. Of course the average price would be ~$600 if you started at the $250 bubble or ~$2079 if you bought at the gox bubble and the last bubble. You are really only behind if you bought the last bubble peak alone or increased your buying rather than limiting your position size. 
This says nothing about prices going forward. You may not see prices high enough to make buying at 19K a good bet in hind sight for a very long time.
@_date: 2018-12-13 18:52:17


But I understand that. Its true. I dont understand how you think I think otherwise. There is nothing I have said that contradicts it. In fact I have stated it myself when comparing how segwit's rules are enforced. I need to get the concept to make that comparison. 


But I agree with this. I dont know why you think otherwise. You are making unfounded accusations here. Do you understand that the burden of proof is on you to prove I dont know the difference between block creation and a peg? where have I mixed these things other than in your mind?  
@_date: 2018-12-13 21:05:41


By not being aware of segwit I specifically mean not validating the segwit data. You can still signal that you are a segwit block without processing segwit and by leaving out segwit transactions that might be invalid. Or is there some other mechanism to invalidate these otherwise valid blocks that dont interfere with segwit? 


Define needless in this context. I gave an economic argument as to why its important to miners and why that translates into what the bitcoin protocol is. Is needless just your own subjective evaluation of whats important? 


I know. That does not mean a drive chain cant be essentially compulsory for miners. I can see how you make the distinction by dismissing the risk/cost to miners for not validating an additional set of rules which is why I bring it back to a comparison to segwit. Pointing out that segwit is even more tightly coupled to the point where you will be orphaned does not refute that rootstock requires less coupling to be regarded as part of bitcoin.


OK so how does this work when RSK is burnt and BTC is sent to a regular bitcoin address. The bitcoin node doing this is it running the EVM or can it getaway with not running the EVM. Before you say SPV proofs you need to know that they require a root hash. How does that bitcoin node know what root hash is valid without ever running an EVM?
@_date: 2018-12-13 18:34:42
 &gt;You have repeatedly suggested it is either federated or a drivechain
because thats literally their plan. A federated peg now until there is a drive chain and at that point the funds can be transferred to the control of miners who are enforcing the rules of the drivechain. 


you have not established that. 
@_date: 2018-12-13 16:54:56


How exactly do you think 51% of the bitcoin miners are going to know whether a withdrawal from the RSK multisig is valid? 


Litterally what I have been saying. A soft fork that requires bitcoin miners to do the verification (even if its just in some fallback mode like how lightning transactions can settle miners would still need to be capable of verifying the EVM state)
 &gt;At which point the BIP passes the federation is dissolved.
Thats speculation. You dont know if the rootstock foundation would be willing to give up control of the bitcoin. If they decide not to then, perhaps because a government put pressure on the identified actors, then those funds cant be reclaimed without a hard fork.  
@_date: 2018-12-13 17:21:39
I dont think I am. I'm literally saying its one or the other. I just prefer to say "soft fork in the EVM"  in this case than the feel good word "drivechain" what exactly do you think a drivechain is when it comes to the nuts and bolts of it? 
@_date: 2019-05-14 02:35:38
@_date: 2018-12-13 17:19:20
I dont really need to cite their documents to point out that miners need to be able to verify the EVM to make it trustless. That should be obvious. The alternative is that they are not capable of verifying the EVM and are some how in charge of it. If their FAQ is contradictory I will pick the non speculative statements over the hopes and wishes or marketing speak.


Thats no help to anyone who trusts them if they do turn corrupt or give in to government influence or lose funds to hacking. It would require a hard fork to recover the funds and thats unlikely to happen.  


My point was that its either one way or the other. Ether it becomes fully trustless in which case bitcoin miners are now also EVM verifiers or the federation has no real plans to give up the control (and money). As far as I can tell they are saying everything people want to hear so I have no reason to call them corrupt but this is now. When rootstock is earning those sweet fees will they be willing to give up control then? History is filled with well intended foundations that go on to care more about their perpetuation than their mandate when it comes to actually pressing their own kill switch. 
The other scenario. Where he EVM is accepted by bitcoin miners should not be controversial. I see it as being more difficult than segwit obviously but its not like every miner would literally have to process those transactions as far as I know, (just as you dont have to process segwit transactions) I see nothing wrong with soft forking in the EVM into bitcoin other than the rage bitcoin maximilists seem to have when you word it that way :P     
@_date: 2019-05-08 04:23:35


Yes, so its quite likely that you will see the marketcap overshoot the long term stable prices.


yep same




If another project gains and sustains marketcap then thats no more predatory than bitcoin. I only really get hostile about alternate projects when fraud is being committed otherwise it is just a competition for people to join one cult rather than another. I just dont feel entitled to the wealth that might be used to buy into other projects. 


There is no zkSTARK altcoin in existence and no one doing or planning any ICO to create one. There probably will be one day but I would advise against investing in it. Your reaction is exactly the sort of emotionally based reaction that I am talking about. zkSTARKs are a cryptograpic tool just like bullet proofs which might get added to bitcoin. 


lol, I'm a small blocker when it comes to bitcoin Ver would hate what I think of his imagined future for cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2019-05-14 07:38:11
No one knows.
@_date: 2018-12-13 19:27:53
But saying:


does not contradict


anymore than saying segwit was soft forked into bitcoin implies that the rules of segwit are the same as the rules of bitcoin. Well its a philosophical point that depends on whether you see segwit as bitcoin. If you dont (and there where arguments to this effect) then its two separate layers with different rules. I think thats how you see rootstock. To me though once you have 51% of miners enforcing a set of rules those are the rules. Segwit transactions are bitcoin transactions and if rootsock is successful in fully transitioning to a drivechain then  even though the behaviour is different in the drive chain those rules are now (essentially) permanently part of bitcoin.  Hypothetically they could go away at some point like you described but while they are in place and while they are requiring 51% of miners and achieving full consensus security it is a softfork with 51% of miners having to process the EVM in order to safely mine on top of blocks containing transactions to or from that layer (just as miners must process segwit data in order to mine safely on segwit blocks) 
since rootstock is as you say literally using the evm, its a soft fork of the evm into bitcoin. Technically correct, best kind of correct ;)
@_date: 2018-12-13 12:40:10
Its unlikely that the ethereum virtual machine will be soft forked into bitcoin and until that happens rootstock has  counter party risk. 
@_date: 2018-12-13 19:43:13


Not exactly the same roll. Not all bitcoin miners are segwit miners even now. Some risk being orphaned by not validating the extra data but instead make the assumption that a valid proof of work is enough to show the parent block is valid (because why would they waste the energy producing it) miners that do segwit are still doing additional work enforcing 2 sets of rules but there is an overall system also, a hierarchy of sets of rules.


Oh so its just signalling? Are you saying no one is actually ready to validate rootstock transactions or are you mentally drawing a line between bitcoin and the requirement of those bitcoin nodes to also process rootstock in order to mine on rootstock blocks safely? 
@_date: 2018-12-13 18:29:15
So in other words:


@_date: 2013-05-01 05:57:35
It doesn't need a new currency for transaction fees. Each client could have its own blockchain that records the credit relationships and transactions and rewards to the miners can be in any digital currency whatsoever including credit from the clients chain or BTC, LTC etc.  
@_date: 2018-12-13 18:00:44
I just described SPV proofs and why thats problematic. The EVM can be reduced to a merkle root and you can make an SPV proof from a transaction, and the state of the EVM that was touched. But in order to know if the merkle root is the right one it must be accepted by 51% of miners. The basic question is how do miners know that merkle root is valid without processing the evm? sure once they have accepted the merkle root its kind of trivial to do SPV proofs and spikes in the sise of those proofs can be dealt with but 51% of miners dont just need to do SPV proofs, they need to know the root hash those proofs are tested against is valid. I'm talking after the federation is dissolved for the last few comments.   


no not at all. You think I'm talking about the federation when I'm not. 
@_date: 2018-12-13 19:11:01


Segwit uses script that can be claimed by anyone using the pre-segwit rules but cant be spent unless it follows the post segwit rules. If 51% support for segwit where to be dropped now then all segwit addresses with their scripts revealed (and they can be revealed in the mempool before they go in a block) then those funds can be effectively claimed by anyone.
I dont know exactly what would happen if 51% support for rootstock fails. I suspect it would be the same but I can see way in which you might default back to the federation also. You would have to ask the rootstock team. 
@_date: 2019-05-08 03:11:23


At some point it wont just be a feeling. Double digit growth cannot be sustained indefinitely. 


I'm a supporter of free markets. I love that alts exist and would not hold as much bitcoin as I do if there was not such a market to demonstrate people still prefer bitcoin. 
When I see someone call alts shitcoins I cant help but think of guys that have to insult their male friends to girls because they are insecure in their relationship or their own worth. When I see altcoiners insult bitcoin I have a similar disgust and freely share what I think the flaws are of their project and dont get me wrong I do think most alts are shit, lack of innovation or risk from centralisation or lack of economic strength its just that I see no cost in being open minded and real risk in being close minded and the goal is not marketing but information. 
I also dont think the crypto space has reached any sort of maturity. There is still a race going on for censorship resistant scaling. My bet is that this will be solved cryptographically with succinct cryptographic proofs (zkSTARKs for example) that allow off chain computation to be verified on chain with a fraction of the on chain resources but with lack of space and processing power being traded for data availability issues that dont seem like an issue as recipients of payments can hold the data themselves (similar to how lightning network users hold off chain transactions but without any timing requirements)
I do hope the first censorship resistant currency to gain network effect and be able to scale to handle it is bitcoin but it need not be the case that the needed cryptography will be developed for bitcoin first and a blanket rejection of anything altcoin could see an actually valuable technology dismissed while an altcoin gains market share. 


I cant piss on ICOs completely as most of my stack results from being an ethereum ICO participant but yeah most ICOs are selling something I see as worthless or just over valued to an extreme amount.
@_date: 2013-11-24 07:01:22
and what if you somehow have documented proof that you are spending the last batch of bitcoin you bought by recording that in some sort of ledger?
@_date: 2018-12-13 18:38:30
Because I'm not talking about the chains but rather who has control over the funds.At first its the federation later it will be the miners that participate in the merge mining process. So long as 51% is not reached all security of funds is in the hands of the federation. 
@_date: 2018-12-13 16:09:30
RSK counter party risk comes from them holding all of the bitcoins. You cant get around that unless miners are enforcing the rules of the ethereum EVM.  Otherwise at any point in time the multisig signers can change the rules of the "side chain" and then just declare that withdrawals are only valid for the new rule. 
@_date: 2018-12-13 20:03:33


no, if your miner is unaware of segwit it has to be very careful not to include transactions that could be segwit because  it runs a risk of being orphaned if it mines on what to it looks like a valid block but it cant validate because its not processing the segwit transactions to find invalid ones. This is not needless confusion. Economic incentives are how the bitcoin protocol enforces its rules. You cant just dismiss an economic incentive that applies to miners and think you are still talking about bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-12-23 19:08:22
Its best to generate your own  identification number and keep its private key off of networked computers. 
@_date: 2019-05-08 06:23:30
I don't see the USD as a high inflation currency. Actually I think the USD is more dangerous because its unlikely to hyper inflate without a radical change in policy or a break down in legal tender law. Its dangerous because it will continue to be used to rob a couple of percent which is a massive amount of wealth when you are talking about an economy the size of the united states. 
I think its easy to dismiss the deflationary nature of fractional reserve currencies. When dollars are loaned into existence the principal of loans can be covered but  the interest payments suck more money out of circulation than is needed to cover the initial loans. In a way the money in circulation is always less than the liabilities against it and that is not an inflationary effect but a massively deflationary effect. 
That is how trillions of dollars could be loaned into existence post 2008 financial crisis. Its money that was loaned into an economy experiencing a contraction of credit that would have otherwise sucked all of the available money in circulation away. 
The end result is a transfer of real assets onto the balance sheet of the Fed and member banks during a time where everyone else was starving for liquidity. Without a fundamental change that breaks the enforcement of debts in dollars or complete destruction or transfer of assets to the central authorities and special interests this deflationary property of dollars will continue.
What I'm saying is you cant count on double digit inflation of the dollar to get double digit gains in bitcoin now that the fed has determined that 2% inflation with the occasional credit crisis yields their members the best returns.
but yeah I dont think we have much of a disagreement on this point. Its speculation on my part that things will remain. The US could always get a socialist or some other politician in power that does not understand economics and who steals enough to make the whole nexus of money and power reorganise in a hyper inflationary bust. Its certainly one scenario which keeps me holding bitcoin and some precious metals.
@_date: 2017-06-21 14:44:35
This is going to be amazing for the people with mothers that have passed away.
@_date: 2017-06-14 13:12:59
@_date: 2017-06-20 08:55:40
because fuck you thats why
@_date: 2013-12-16 05:48:29
your mom
@_date: 2013-05-03 22:47:02


no I said no such thing. How did you come to that conclusion?


You don't get what I'm talking about. Its  not a common clearing house. its a network of individual clearing houses between individual people. The currency would be literally ious traded in the same way ripple/hawala works as a competitor or even hooked into these systems.  Why would you trade credit through a cartel when you can trade p2p?


I'm not saying its a good thing or a bad thing, it just is. When I lend money to someone I get an IOU (usually just verbally) when I get paid back I destroy the IOU (forget it) because its no  longer needed. There is nothing stopping someone from keeping a record of everything if they want to but its not needed for a distributed credit exchange and making it permanent by having a central clearing house the way ripple is currently implemented means it will suffer from an accumulation of data. 


what controlling infrastructure? How would you freeze a credit swap between me and the people i trade with? I think you just don't fully understand what I proposed which is the same as ripple but implemented in a different way. 


which is good for a digital commodity but not needed for a credit system because what you are using is trust converted into money. If you want no trust then use bitcoin. But there is a market for the monetization of credit which is currently being filled by banks (who take your promises and turn them into money) this market could be competed against with a distributed system but it is not going to be competed against with bitcoin alone because bitcoin does not perform the function of taking a reputation and making something tradable out of it. Ripple does it but the current implementation is centrally controlled which is unnecessary and dangerous. The XRP implementation will be better but will suffer the same problems as bitcoin due to the "cost" of the ledger.  It can get even more p2p. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 08:05:39
@_date: 2018-12-13 17:44:39
On the main chain after the soft fork.


Proof of what? 


You have not demonstrated that. You are just stating it like its possible for information from a merge mined chain to travel to bitcoin but bitcoin needs a mechanism to know that transactions from the merged mined chain are valid to settle on the main chain.
The important aspect here is what a proof actually is. If the nodes running bitcoin are unaware of the rules of the merge mined chain then a split of the merged mined chain is possible. You could have say a miner completely ignore a transaction on the side chain and submit a conflicting withdrawal on the main chain. Of course this is not possible because 51% of miners would reject this but that means 51% of miners must know to reject it.  At the very least they need to be able to process a transition from one previously accepted merkle proof of the state of the side chain to the next to see that a given transaction and its proof is unreachable from the previously accepted state. But to actually process that transition is not a simple proof, it involves an unknowable (halting problem) amount of the state of the EVM. That seems like a pretty good denial of service vector unless all of those nodes are merge mining and so keeping the full state on hand.  
@_date: 2013-11-16 09:10:15
@_date: 2013-05-05 04:30:38
Forgive me if I am not communicating the idea well. I am starting with the idea of a literal translation of the hawala network into digital form. With Hawala there is no central clearing house or distributed ledger making it work. All each node needs to know to act as part of the network is its own state in relation to the other nodes it has a relationship with and their state in relation to it but not the state of its neighboring nodes in relation to other nodes its not connected to. 
When a transaction takes place across many nodes a search is performed across the network to find the path from the payer to the payee and a contract is built to represent the set of transactions that need to take place to shift the credit relationship across the whole path. Once every node along the path signs off on the contract it becomes valid and executed there is no accumulation of data across the the path except for the updated node-to-connected-node credit relationships. Each node in the path can keep the whole contract but all they really need is the part of the contract that is signed by their neighboring nodes which specify the updated credit relationship so the contract for the path can be replaced with an individual contract between nodes. This is hawala as I understand it.
The developers of ripple (the original), in trying to replicate this system, have started by emulating it on a centralized server. So instead of each node in the network communicating with each other, they all communicate with the central server which holds a ledger of all credit relationships in contrast to hawala where this information is distributed across all of the people making up the network. Instead of a person who wishes to make a transaction doing a search to find a path through the network (or alternately sending out the equivalent of a ping to find the path), that path is computed by the central authority. This has enormous efficiency gains over hawala at the cost off all of the security, privacy and downright subversiveness of the hawala network being completely absent. The efficiency gains being that all of the data is on the one server so searching of paths is trivial using standard search algorithms (vs hawala operators having to actually call up the people in the network to do the search)
Fortunately the operators of ripplepay classic understand that this situation can be improved, but instead of trying to implement hawala, they are trying to distribute the central server onto each node in the way bitcoin works instead of building something the way hawala works. I guess I spoke too soon by saying that you can get more p2p than ripple using XRP. It is what they claim it to be but its also terribly inefficient compared to a direct translation of hawala into the digital realm. 
The only things I would use a distributed ledger for to aid a digital version of hawala is in the aid of finding paths through the network in the formation of contracts (a dns service that also records that there is a relationship. Not all relationships need to be on it and it doesn't need the state of the credit relationship since this can be taken from the nodes when they sign off on the contract) The other reason to have a ledger I see is a way for nodes to go offline but still act as a relay for credit. This could be done as one big distributed ledger or as a collection of distributed ledgers each representing a particular node. 
I wouldn't aim for a system that is immune to abuse. I would aim for one that has the same characteristics in regard to abuse as hawala. 
@_date: 2018-12-13 17:26:30
When a withdrawal happens from the drive chain to a regular address how does a miner know its valid? 
@_date: 2013-05-01 05:58:19
I don't think its a scam, its just not very good value for your money.
@_date: 2013-04-12 06:04:09
There is nothing about a company regulating its activity based on the requests of its customers that goes against free market principles. Its when the regulation that one business adopts is forced onto all other businesses regardless as to whether the customers want it or not where you have lost your freedom and personal responsibility.  
@_date: 2013-05-02 13:33:59


The only reason a ripple like system needs a blockchain is so that processing can be done while the central authority (each credit issuer) is is offline. Once they go online again the blockchain can be destroyed and they can go back to using a centralized ledger and any transaction history scrubbed. If you cant trust a credit issuier to maintain their ledger then you cant trust them at all (they default).
@_date: 2013-05-02 13:36:09
I agree. The value for money is zero. but that does not make it a scam. For it to be a scam there needs to be some attempt to hide the fact that XRP is worthless. The developers at least are not doing this.
@_date: 2013-09-15 03:12:58
/ω\