@_author: moneyhop_com
@_date: 2016-04-20 04:27:38
This seems like a trial balloon of sorts.  I don't think the author just woke up and decided to write about Ms. Moriarty's brooches.
I suspect the SEC will wait and see the effect of the halving, and possibly SegWit rollout.  So I could see an announcement by Q3 or Q4 at latest.
@_date: 2016-04-20 16:06:47
The [GBTC Disclosure Statement]( of March, 2015, includes 29 densely typed pages of "Risk Factors".
These include many technical risks including :
* 51 percent attacks (GHash.io cited)
* Lack of reliable funding for core developers (Andresen, van der Laan, Hearn cited)
* Forks and competing chains
The halving event is referred to generally :


Everybody knows the halving will cut the amount of new bitcoins available for the market.  This could lead to liquidity problems for a new ETF.
But there's a potentially bigger problem with the halving.
[Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong wrote]( that Bitcoin could get into a bad feedback loop based on the sudden drop in hashing power that Bitcoin could see.
Armstrong estimates that 10-50 percent of miners will stop mining after the block reward is cut in half.  This would happen as marginal miners can't recover their variable costs.  But it takes two weeks for Bitcoin to adjust to the reduced hashing power.  If Bitcoin is subject to a spam attack at that time, bad things can happen.
I'll grant that SegWit is less of a risk, simply because it'll be rolled out in stages across the network.  But the halving is network-wide and rather instantaneous.
Whether the SEC cares about the halving or not is debatable.  The Bitcoin ETF will be the first digital asset ETF, and with all the "blockchain" hype on Wall St., I doubt the SEC wants to screw it up.   I'd assume the SEC has some knowledgeable folks overseeing the ETF approval process.  This is certainly getting more scrutiny than a standard ETF release.
But I'm not sure the SEC would have the power or desire to stop the issue simply because of the halving.  They may just require it be listed as a "Risk Factor".  
But I'm pretty sure the issuer would wait until after the halving.  With Armstrong's letter (above) out there, there's just too much fodder for lawsuits if things go bad right after the halving.
Either way, I can't see an ETF before the effects of the halving subside, so no Bitcoin ETF before Q3, 2016.
@_date: 2015-11-28 06:24:23
I think it's making fun of a famous comment by former Fed Chair Ben Bernanke who said in 2002 :
"A money-financed tax cut is essentially equivalent to Milton Friedman’s famous 'helicopter drop' of money."
It's basically deriding the fiat money system of, "When in doubt, print (and airdrop) more."
@_date: 2016-05-01 03:12:23
Fantex is a site that allows you to "trade securities tied to the cash flows of professional athletes and their brand contracts".
"Shares" in a few atheletes are trading.  Notable among them is former San Francisco 49er tight end Vernon Davis.
