@_author: moneyreflux
@_date: 2013-12-23 13:28:34
There is Keynes...
and then there are Keynesians, Old Keynesians, Paleo-Keynesians, fundamentalist Keynesians, Neo Keynesians, New Keynesians, Post Keynesians... you get the idea. 
Before his death Keynes wrote that he was frustrated that his ideas had been perverted by those who thought they could fine tune economies to their own ends - this is why Milton Friedman used to wish Keynes was still around for the 60s; he knew Keynes would have told the Old Keynesians they were wrong. This is why Hayek and Friedman and Bertrand Russel considered Keynes to be a towering intellect.
Calling "Keynesians" idiots for wanting to print money is like calling religious people idiots for worshipping a particular strain of Methodist monotheistic God. I get that you disagree with a particular set of views, but using a label like that just shows that you haven't thought through your disagreement properly.
Want to criticise Krugman? Don't froth about how he thinks printing money makes you rich. He doesnt think Zimbabwe is the richest country on earth. Criticise him the way Scott Sumner or Tyler Cowen or Bryan Caplan would - it shows you understand his views enough to disagree with them properly.
@_date: 2013-12-23 13:41:13
You need to read this:
@_date: 2013-12-23 13:32:43
Yes, and I'm sure if the French were importing every Bitcoin from Britain in 2031 like they imported all the gold in the Depression the economists who understood would be clamouring for an end to the French control of British money like Milton Friedman had argued they should.
@_date: 2013-12-23 10:44:19


Keynes advocated for the gold standard because he didn't trust governments to manage inflation. Seriously. Read his recommendations to the League of Nations. This obsession that Keynes' ideas are what drives  hyperinflation is bizarre. The only government intervention he wanted was an increase in aggregate demand during a deep recession, and even then he wanted them to use money they saved during the boom (or deficit spending if necessary). 
Here he is on the evils of inflation:


No doubt Keynes would wholeheartedly support Bitcoin.