@_author: monkeynotape
@_date: 2013-04-07 19:17:31
Yes, scarcity on earth.


I understand the point (and agree) but as I understand it, diamonds are different to gold and only as valuable because of historical price manipulation by [de beers]( and monopoly as well as ad campaigns from the last century. In the 18th century diamonds weren't prized at all, gold was though. Diamonds can also be made synthetically in practise right now where as with gold it is theoretical.
@_date: 2013-04-07 18:15:22


No. Gold and silver aren't even on the list of [Rare Earth Elements]( so they aren't even close to being the rarest elements on earth, never mind the whole universe.
I think gold being the original hard currency was more because it didn't oxidise and change colour like the other metals of the time and it was pretty but also because it was soft and therefore useless to make tools out of at the time and of course most of it settles deep into the earth crust so it was hard to get.
@_date: 2013-04-07 17:05:26


Trading food and oil is essentially just bartering with commodities.
That is different to a currency because a currency (besides being scarce) is supposed to solve a problem called [coincidence of wants](
Say you have oil and need food and I have food and need oil, we meet and make a deal, perfect. But what happens when you have oil and want food and I have oil and want alcohol, I know a guy who has food and needs oil but he is 1000 miles away and he might move before you get to him. Perhaps you decide to try make the journey to reach him but since your oil is your money, you are essentially burning your currency (hard currency like gold, silver and bitcoin are all indestructible, you can delete a bitcoin wallet but the bitcoin still exists in the blockchain, you can melt silver and pour it into a deep hole in the ground but it will still exist).
The abstraction provided by hard currency solves the coincidences of wants problem and it also means the hard currency can't be destroyed and the holder has no incentive to try (if food is your currency, you can eat your food or it goes bad over time).
Disclaimer: Not an expert, learned most of this in the last few months myself.
@_date: 2013-04-13 15:00:46
Quite a few I would imagine, if you broke eliptic curve cryptography (reccomended by NSA specifically because it scales and has no primary attacks vs dewie-himen or rsa) you could either get much higher profile targets than btc or enter the history books and provide ground breaking work that will be used by governments, companies and individuals to lay the next branch of crytography and surely net you a noble prize.
And that was just the ec crypto bit, if. You smashed sha256 with a birthday attack, you would be able to do the same.... 
One last thing, the researcher who was quoted and not being able to hack bitcoin, he was talking about the default client app, not the platform. The client is what he couldnt hack (buffer overflows, format string bugs, race conditions that sort of thing), if you think the components that make the protocol are insecure in a way that could be easily attacked at this time, then you dont understand what is going on and should immediately take your funds out your bank account because the security provided by factorizing 2 large primes is MUCH more insecure.
Tldr: if an attacker can attack the platform, they can also steal trillions from banks because the security of ec crypto is higher than rsa crypto used by those banks. Just ask the NSA who has been trying to get companies to switch to ec crypto since 2009
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:10:23
@_date: 2013-04-07 19:54:32
Sweden is a SEPA country so you can use bitstamp-24 which is the largest Euro market. Since you do a SEPA wire you can have your funds there in hours and there is enough volume for your trades to go through quickly.
@_date: 2013-04-13 15:07:37
Well that is all it is really, a 3 way crypto handshake.
@_date: 2013-04-08 10:36:20
Yes I am aware you can encrypt wireless traffic and tunnel throughh other protocols (your grandmother is even aware).
The point is if the communication link is not physical, by financial security standards, it isnt secure because i can exploit it remotely. This means you increase exposure to attack and you cant be sure a person has physical access when a transaction is done.
This is why if you use a wireless card to pay for goods in london, it only uses nfc so you hace to touch your card near the reader, you must prove physical access to the card, and even then, for that class of transactions you can only spend £20, because by financial standards it is less secure than say physically handing over a card with your name on.
The none physical access feature of credit cards is why they implement chargebacks with no questions in the first place and bitcoin should represent More security, not less.


Then you're missing my point. Would an ATM be smart to have wifi? Would they put wifi on an y device with A grade security? Not at all. Security and convenience are at opposite ends of the spectrum, you cant have wireless access to a device and top security.
@_date: 2013-04-08 10:25:01
You are missing the point. Its not that wifi can't be encrypted, it is that it is not a physical communications link so you can chuck packets at it remotely which is more insecure and means you cant be sure a transaction means a person has physical access, in financial security that is usually a must.
As for trezor, i wasnt saying no solutions are on the horizon, i am saying the first generation wont solve all those problems (like a grade security and forward compatibility), just some of them, so it will take some years before all the hardware wallets use the same protocol to ensure the same standards accross the board, whomever the manufacurer. that will take years (as i said in the previous comment).
In much more organized development circles (like phones or mp3 players) it took years to figure out, i imagine although a proof of concept is around the corner, it wont be where it needs to be where ny manufacturer can implement it and customers be ensured of its quality of security.
@_date: 2013-04-07 20:47:33
Well physical communication encrypted end to end would be a better option than WiFi. I imaging you wouldn't want too much software on a hardware wallet as it opens up the risk of being exploited OR requires flashing the firmware when you have to upgrade to fix some bug/hole.
A serious hardware wallet would need to have A grade security, longevity and performance with the promise of long term support and forward compatibility. It might take a few years before we figure everything out enough to develop protocols for these sorts of things.
@_date: 2013-04-08 12:21:42
Cool. The term Swedish Martial Arts sounds like an oxymoron though :p
@_date: 2013-04-07 20:18:22
If it has WiFi then it can be accessed remotely which leads us back to hacking.
You ideally want something that is offline until it needs to be used. Like a paper wallet but more convenient when it comes time to spend.
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:49:20
No there aren't. Shut up.
@_date: 2013-04-02 18:20:24
@_date: 2013-04-07 18:36:23
Well I think the difference isn't just that BitCoin started it and LiteCoin is trailing in its shadow, it is also that Scrypt that LiteCoin uses is very young as far as crypto-algorithms and in crypto, trust is about maturity and long term scrutiny by attackers and researchers. If I am not mistaken, most, if not all components in BitCoin are NIST compliant which means nobody has any reason to doubt they will fail in the way BitCoin uses them.
Even scrypt's creator, Colin Percival, former security officer of FreeBSD, didn't include it in the base FreeBSD until it has proven itself further than portsnap.
Scrypt is a promising memory hard algorithm but it has not yet stood the test of time, anything might happen and so it is one more hurdle LiteCoin has that BitCoin doesn't in gaining mainstream adoption. One more tick in the risk column for money investors.
@_date: 2013-04-30 14:25:51
Yeah I did, I must have bee thinking about virgins at the time.