@_author: monnef
@_date: 2018-03-03 08:10:15
As I wrote, there are numerous studies showing that most women are simply not interested in STEM fields. Even without any social interaction, it seems to be encoded in us somehow (scientist believe it is linked to testosterone levels which affects how brain is formed). Good example could be Sweden - they tried hard to get to a point where nurses are half-half male-female, yet they failed - most men simply weren't/aren't interested in this line of work. I honestly don't think low number of women in IT has anything to do with discrimination, because at least in US, it seems that any IT company is eager to hire a woman.
No, it's not Google's prerogative, since it's illegal now and for a good reason. No one should be discriminated, period. Legalizing gender and race discrimination sounds terrible. I am glad I don't live in US,  because I would not want to live in such barbaric society where discrimination is being praised. In order to have "positive" discrimination, you have to discriminate someone "negatively". Why should be white men discriminated? Because they had the misfortune of being born to a white family? How is it different to discriminate black people?
I think Google is still interested in profit and looking good (at least that's what they think they are doing), even at the cost of few worse employees, might be worth it.
I agree that we should strive for equality of opportunity, but never of outcome (socialism) which are those diversity quotas. In my opinion correct approach is to try improve state education, not forcing discrimination. In my country education is paid by the state and best schools are state schools. Not so few state universities are even respected world-wide. While I disagree with some choices in education in my country, I think "free" (it's paid from taxes, so everybody is paying for it) education is the best approach to the problem of inequality of opportunities - even poor or more specifically non-rich people can afford put their offspring to study what they want.
But I would never force women to study STEM, just because there is too few women. That's a poor reason. They should study it, because they are interested. It was shown that paying women for finishing a school in hopes they will become employed in that field just doesn't work at all. They go for it for money, when they finish school they simply move to a field they are interested in.
Here is an example of how diversity politics doesn't work - 
@_date: 2018-02-27 21:05:46
I don't have vast experience with women in IT (just a few cases which seems to perform similarly as their men colleges), but your statement is probably true. If you have very few women, you have such small pool that an exceptional woman in IT would be extremely rare. I saw some studies suggesting that IQ of men has greater spread - there are more men with higher IQ compared to women, but also a lot of men with lower IQ then women (sorry if I wrote it badly, I am not a native speaker, I hope you got my point). That also might contribute to your observation.
Yeah, I agree, it's a good thing to have women in a team, but only if they got there because of their skills, not because of some quota (like several sources claim) is the case in Google.
@_date: 2018-02-28 12:10:29
It might be possible that a small number of women in a team is beneficial, but I remember clearly the study about balancing males and females in management which had 0 effect on profits (virtually no correlation).
It's also worth noting that a feminist woman tried running only-women development company (firing guys) and it had so terrible results (real toxicity among most of the women) that she was forced to reconsider, fire badly performing women (majority) and hired people based on only skill. Unsurprisingly (at least for me) she ended up with a company almost full of guys.
While Google should be "for profit", leaked "recommendations" for managers for hiring does not suggest that. Managers who didn't meet diversity quota (not only females, but also skin color, not sure if anything else) were being punished. Effectively forcing managers to lower their hiring requirements for women just to get some women aboard. (And now a group of women is suing Google for lower wage compared to men, because Google probably didn't want to pay same money for worse results.)
If you actually know some study suggesting that gender balanced developer teams perform better, then please link it. I haven't been able to find any. Which of course doesn't mean there aren't any, but it would a bit surprising, since it would contradict real life experiments with forcibly balanced teams which didn't turned out well (were performing a lot worse than non-balanced teams; again, I think it was a Swedish experiment documented on video, at least parts of it are on YouTube).
@_date: 2018-02-27 19:56:09
Downvoters should do their research (or they might be blindly ignoring science which I hope isn't the case). I recommend a great (but lengthy) video about males and females featuring two evolutionary biologists talking real science (as in peer-reviewed, retested, based on many studies, accepted by scientific community) - 
@_date: 2018-02-27 19:45:57
I am pretty sure this turned out to not be the case. Actually women are capable of studying STEM fields, but they are simply not interested in STEM fields. Recently I was watching a lot of videos on this topic and there was this one Swedish study which surprised me: They were showing objects to a new born children (with no previous social interactions, so data are not skewed by parenting). One object was linked to "systems" (some mechanical toy) and the other was a face ("social" side). Majority of males spent most of the time showing interest in the toy, while majority of females preferred watching the face. It all makes sense from evolutionary perspective - females take (took) care about children, so evolution made them in a way, so they are more interested in the social side. They linked this behaviour to testosterone levels before and after birth. There are definitely good women in IT, but pushing by force more women will only lead to lowering requirements (see Google fiasco with Damore's memo) and thus getting less qualified (=less interested in tech) women which will make it harder for those "real" IT women. It's really sad that by wanting more women in tech, result probably will be less women or all women being less paid in tech or men leaving the company, leading to eventual end of company because of lack of good (qualified) employees.