@_author: monopillaoi
@_date: 2018-01-05 23:15:56
if a coin pays a dividend its probably a scam. if five people own a coin, and they each receive a coin, they don't get more money, their coins are just worth half as much as they used to be. and each of them now have two so there is a net change of 0. the only way I could possibly see a dividend coin would be if there was some kind of price control. and that doesn't make any sense  because the only reason why cryptocurrency is even a thing in the first place is because they are trying to de-centralize currencies, not to shift centralization from a public authority to a private one.
when you buy a stock of a company, you are buying a percentage of the business, so when that business makes money, you make money. sometimes that business will pay out the money it makes out to its investors. in that case you would receive money. this is called a dividend. what usually happens is that the business buys more equipment with the money it makes, or opens new locations. in this case, the price of the stock goes up because the percentage of the business you bought is worth more. a price goes down when a business looses money and they have to sell things to stay in business. which means the percentage of the business you bought is now worth less than when you bought it. you should only buy a stock based off of value, not of price. not of how fast the ticker is going up, not based off of what other people say. you need to read the financial statements, and get a good idea of what the business is worth. if its a good price then pay it. too many people don't know what they are doing and they create huge spikes and crashes in the economy and that all can be summed up with simple behavioral economics. they buy when they are greedy and they sell when they are scared. don't pay attention to them. 
so basically you should use your cryptocurrency to buy stocks, and then take payments in crypto. if they don't offer dividend payments in crypto, then accept USD and convert to BTC. 
once again. cryptocurrencies are not investments, they are medium of exchanges. if you want stable growth you should exchange your medium for a percentage of a business you think will be profitable years form now. 
the easiest way to loose all of your money is to throw it around without knowing why you are throwing it around. so read up on what you are investing in beyond "its the future" everyone knows its the future, which is why everyone is paying exurbanite amounts for it. which is why there isn't any profit in it. 
if it was easy, everyone would do it. and when everyone does it, they compete the profit away. there is no simple coin you can buy that will make you money 50 years from now. you have to actually do research yourself to find out what is the best investment, because if there was a simple buy, everyone would and there wouldn't be any money in it anymore.
@_date: 2018-01-05 16:27:51
bitcoin doesn't produce dividends all it does is appreciate in value. it doesn't actually make you money, it just hypothetically will be worth more in the future. His philosophy on bitcoin is more or less closely related to his philosophy on gold. it doesn't do anything, it just sits there. if you buy a bunch of gold then twenty years form now you will still have the same amount of gold, but if you buy a part of an operating business, you will not only have the same amount of the business twenty years from now, but you would also have collected dividends. if you reinvest into the business then your amount of the business actually grows
@_date: 2018-01-05 17:09:27
probably not, bitcoin is meant as a medium of exchange. it was never meant as an investment tool. while its good to have short term assets in a deflationary currency instead of an inflationary currency, its terrible to have your assets in both long term. 
buying bitcoin is just like buying gold, over time there is some mined, at one point in the future all of it will be mined and there will be none left. this scarcity produces ridiculous volatility because people think that they will miss out on the huge returns of owning something that cant be produced anymore. this leads to huge spikes in price and then crashes when people become scared when the price drops. you might think you'll become super rich holding .025 bitcoin, but that's only because you are focusing on the short term picture and not the long term picture of bitcoin. bitcoin doesn't have much of a price history because its inception was in 2010. but the rules are the exact same as gold (with the exception of storage and transaction costs). gold appreciates slowly over time. it has spikes, but the spikes always crash. gold from 1985 to 2005 only appreciated 3% annually. that's  conservative pricing. gold bought during the 1980 gold boom and sold at 2005 actually depreciated around 1% annually. if you didn't put your money anywhere you would get 2-3% deflation. so gold was still technically better than nowhere.
the reason why warren buffet is a billionaire is because he makes money on compound interest. if you have one bitcoin it appreciates in price over time. if you need food, you have to sell bitcoin in order to feed yourself. if you own part of a business with operating revenue, you can use its distributed dividends to feed yourself as your share value appreciates over time. if there is some money left over, you can then reinvest the money back into the business and your share of the pie increases. I think that bitcoin should be the medium of exchange that these businesses use to transact business for libertarian reasons. but to think that one day bitcoin will replace these businesses is absolutely fucking retarded. to think that bitcoin is worth more than these businesses is absolutely fucking retarded. and if you think that a medium of exchange is a better investment than the people transacting the medium of exchange, then essentially you are saying there is no point to do business because the bitcoin they are using to do business is worth more than the business itself, and the people exchanging bitcoin are stupid because not doing anything at all and holding the bitcoin will produce more to the economy than actually doing something; and that would make you absolutely fucking retarded. 
tldr; 
bitcoin is the future of EXCHANGE, not of investment
@_date: 2017-11-24 15:41:05
ITT: people who dont know what net neutrality does.
getting rid of net neutrality will kill bitcoin about as much as it will kill any other online illegal marketplace. they all can be accessed with tor, and they all existed before net neutrality was established in 2015. 
net neutrality isnt teh second coming of crist, stop acting liek ti