@_author: monstermeowmeow
@_date: 2018-01-16 13:06:27
Thanks for watching/reading suggestions.
@_date: 2017-12-27 14:51:04
"Deflation is bad for the economy" isn't advanced economics; in practice, it is pure politics and supports inefficient/irresponsible use of debt, a lack of willingness to address long-term structural problems and creates a false, dogmatic view that prices always need to rise.
The "deflation is bad" dogma only serves to further financialize our economy and support debt-driven asset appreciation.  It has NOTHING to do with: 1) Real incomes 2) Productivity 3) Income-driven valuations - all three of which had been the traditional drivers of growth and wealth.  Today that has been replaced with debt and borrowing; hence the bullhorns now tell you that "deflation is bad" because lower asset prices = lower collateral prices = greater defaults = slower economic growth.  Which all is true in practice, and actually NEEDS to take place when asset prices run far ahead of incomes.
Do you wonder why education, housing, healthcare - the 3 major costs in peoples' lives - all have gone up significantly in terms of income?  
Yes, on the very surface, deflation is bad.  But in reality, we have effectively rewritten economic math so only addition and multiplication are allowed and subtraction/division are banned because they are inconvenient.
Re Japan (as I posted above):
How about reading about the absolute insane bubble that took place before the 30 years of stagnant inflation in Japan?
So many "economists" seem to overlook how the Japanese asset bubble was encouraged and cheered on for years to INCREDIBLE levels - the classic example is that someone claimed that the Imperial Palace was worth more than the state of California.
After the bubble broke, the Japanese decided against any sort of real structural reforms or letting banks/companies go bankrupt. Instead they began the long and slow process of borrowing and deflating.
Too many "deflation is bad" arguments completely overlook the previous explosion in prices that inevitably lead to lower equilibrium prices. The "deflation is bad" stance is an excuse for not taking aggressive and responsible measures after excessive-boom times and Japan is a perfect example.
@_date: 2017-12-27 14:37:24
How about reading about the absolute insane bubble that took place before the 30 years of stagnant inflation in Japan?
So many "economists" seem to overlook how the Japanese asset bubble was encouraged and cheered on for years to INCREDIBLE levels - the classic example is that someone claimed that the Imperial Palace was worth more than the state of California.
After the bubble broke, the Japanese decided against any sort of real structural reforms or letting banks/companies go bankrupt.  Instead they began the long and slow process of borrowing and deflating.
Too many "deflation is bad" arguments completely overlook the previous explosion in prices that inevitably lead to lower equilibrium prices.  The "deflation is bad" stance is an excuse for not taking aggressive and responsible measures after excessive-boom times and Japan is a perfect example.