@_author: moonshinethemermaid
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:15:01
YES!! So true. It is an epidemic. So sad. We waste so much money retraining teachers in archaic systems :( It is time for a change! I hope you give to this cause! We are aligned!  Let's talk!
@_date: 2017-12-19 19:34:49
This is the happiest Reddit post I have ever seen. As an individual who is working on their life's mission via running an innovative nonprofit, I can see how this type of giving will change the world. THANK YOU THANK YOU! I am going to go apply right now!  Leading the Empowerment Education Revolution - with your donation we can begin to decentralize education too!! YAY!! Literally dancing right now! Power to the people!!
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:25:53
"Only offer financial support"??? I think you are changing lives. So many nonprofits have been scraping by with their hands tied by archaic funding from foundations that may not truly want innovation and individual empowerment. There is no equity in the current system. You have the right idea to give to the things that matter to you. Things that are game changers....good choices so far. Hope to see $ for new paradigm education, too. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 15:08:24
Yesterday I sat down the executive director of our nonprofit- and explained to her what cryptocurrencies are and why I believe they are the future. I showed her the Pineapple Fund and proceeded to tell her that I believe we have a good chance of being honored with a donation. 
We spent several hours pouring our hearts and souls into filling out the very reasonable application. We could see the possibility for millions, maybe billions, of children to no longer be victims of educational systems (or lack of) designed to make them rule following robots who can't freely think or feel!  
We sent off our application feeling optimistic that we would stand out. Our passion and dedication won't let anything get in our way. We have sacrificed our personal creature comforts, wondering if we will pay rent, afford groceries or be able to fix our cars....we trust and somehow the money shows up. We spend our evenings coaching, on boards and social justice committees, networking, volunteering, and even provide a program pro-bono to a high-risk school. 
When you are giving to a nonprofit, you are betting on the people. I want you to know we are the kind of people you can bet on. As I reflect upon our invitation to donate to i.b.mee. I may have left out the best part...my story that lead me here. 
The Dark before the Dawn-
*I will never forget looking in the mirror and seeing the entire left-hand side of my body limp and unresponsive. I didn't know who I was or what I needed. I felt scared and alone.  I was only eight years old and I was having a stroke in my school's bathroom.*
I look back on this life event as the seed for all my future work. I now realize that my stroke was my brain and bodies cry for massive support and attention. I was shutting down. My whole life my family was stressed to the max and very demanding and I wasn't coping. I felt responsible for everyone and tried to be perfect...even hiding how sick I had become. I was experiencing what many children experience- poor health due to toxic stress or ACES (Adverse Childhood Experiences- google this!!). 
Three weeks later, I found the quote, "Be the change you want to see in the world," It lite a fire within me. I became actively aware that a positive educational experience was necessary for people to climb out of the cycles of disempowerment. Over the next 20 years, I watched my sister and I struggle to cope with school and life. My sister was brilliant but by her sophomore year, she was practically a dropout and definitely a drug addict. I vowed to become an educator and prevent other brilliant kids from giving up on themselves. It was after 8 years of teaching in conventional and innovative school systems that I knew something systemically had to change. We were dumbing our kids down and teachers were struggling to meet the ever increasing demands of standardized testing that was pointless! ENOUGH WAS ENOUGH!
That was in 2014 since then I have helped launch an innovative nonprofit called i.b.mee. With other visionary leaders including a former IBM Coach and business leader, Mark Stamper, and other great minds from all over the world we are creating and research-backed roadmap to learning and growing in the 21st century. We are for education what bitcoin is for the economy...we are a disruption. We are rewriting the rules and educating the troops to co-create a new vision for our children. 
We are working with people all over the world to create the Declaration of Education! 
We have learned more about the brain, trauma, natural learning, motivation, and whole person wellness in the past 25 years then we have in the past 2,500!! 
It is time for a shift! Let me know if you have any more questions or would like to see our research handouts. 
Pine, Please take a few moments to consider my story and view our website: 
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:52:32
&lt;3 this. Pineapples also have another connection that I find really interesting to what you are doing. It is a genius name. Pineapples are a symbol of wealth &amp; hospitality. Your interpretation (Share the deliciousness) gives me goosebumps! I am all in for taking back our symbols (and money/power) and giving them new meanings. 
Your meaning: Something so sweet and nutritious is meant to be shared. YAS!!
Old meaning: 
"The European bastardization of the pineapple symbol, however, meant more than just hospitality—it meant prestige. The richest of the rich bought these fruits, however expensive to show off to other their ability to have them. Since demand relied on the few shipments between the far-off continents, supply would often be scarce. This led to a brand new pineapple rental market taking the European gentry by storm, writes historian Mary V. Thompson. Although, by the 1700s, Europeans started growing them in their own hothouses. " 
I tip my hat to you!