@_author: moonjaein
@_date: 2018-11-22 22:13:11
Imagine believing this lmao
All national currencies are backed by the combined military might of all the respective countries in the world, their bureaucracies, taxpayer base, their control of literally all resources on this planet, legitimacy derived from centuries of history, etc etc.
Bitcoin just has a few thousand miners running computers in the background.
Presented with this contrast, you still think **bitcoin** is the hard currency? What, compared to the Venezuelan Bolivar?
@_date: 2018-11-22 23:35:47
Govts are the ones with the guns and a historically demonstrated willingness to use them. And that is just one tool out of many in the fiat arsenal.
Sorry dude, but honestly... you would have to be on some really trippy shit to think that Bitcoin doesn't need govermental permission to take over the source of their economic power. Like, are you fucking dumb? Worst case scenario, governments can just shoot at dweebs trying to moon the Bitcoin. Or maybe they will create their own cryptos? 
Fuck, I mean... how do you not think of this?
And no idea what you are talking about with West Africa and glass bead economy. They produced a fuckton of gold themselves. And economies that used glass beads or conch shells or rocks for currency all went out of business because, mainly, Europeans got to them with guns and cannons.
Edit: pls respond, I am loving this.
@_date: 2018-11-23 01:30:02
Nothing? Man, I hope you spent that time realizing you got taken, dude. 
For a guy so mistrustful of governments, how could you ever think that governments adopt Bitcoin just because it is "better"? And they will pay people like you trillions of USD for that privilege? How could you be so fucking naive?
Sell most of what you got in BTC while you still can. Leave a tiny bit just for exposure and monitoring.
@_date: 2018-11-22 22:25:10
Okay, so govts are thugs. And these thugs - with guns and nukes - are just going to roll over and let their currencies be taken over by bitcoin? Give up control over their own money?
Question, how stupid are you?
@_date: 2018-02-28 16:03:31
We were also talking about CSW's Twitter silence, and who do we know is the diametric opposite of that?
Trump is the world's most powerful, most controversial human being. His name is going to get mentioned a lot.
It's you who needs to deal with your fragile fanboy emotions, not the rest of the world.
@_date: 2018-02-27 19:17:01
People like to make fun of presidents. Why can't you retards deal with that?
