@_author: mooncat68
@_date: 2014-06-01 20:27:05
Wow! Thanks everyone for your help, I'm overwhelmed and I shall read it all tomorrow. There is some brilliant advice there having had a brief glance.
As soon as I get my head round it all it will be like riding a bike I suppose. Or making love to a beautiful woman. It will come easy.
My mate will be well chuffed, thanks peeps
@_date: 2014-06-12 17:34:02
I'm already rich.....
@_date: 2014-06-07 09:17:43
Well one day you will be old you dumb fck. What, you think time stands still for you lol? Who are you, Dr Who? Anyways, I don't understand jack shit off what you're on about buddy: tractor?? WTF man.
Look kid, my Bitcoin investment makes up less than 0.1% of my total investment structure, my fortune, it's just a silly little game for me and my buddy. My whole personality self image isn't propped up by it in the same way it does it for you. So if I make a few thousand pounds doing it then...happy days hey?
I know how to buy and sell kid, that's all that matters here. Not wearing suits and buying tractors for fck sake. I just wanted to get my lifelong buddy in on the act which he now is thanks to some top posters on this here website. All safe and secure too.
@_date: 2014-06-01 20:17:58
What all Crypto-currency advocates need to realise is that if this doesn't eventually become simple enough to use as, say, fiat money, then it will not be a success as a currency. The fact is that at this moment in time the overwhelming majority of the worlds population do not understand it, do not have a computer and do not carry devices on which they can store or hold Bitcoin.
So I remind you: this is intended to be a currency, built on the blockchain, although I admit that I am only interested in it as an investment at the moment. I can buy and sell it..that is all that matters to me right now. My friend just wants to buy and sell it too. As another poster mentioned, it may just be a plaything for me...good observation UMDZete. 
As for your comment as follows: 'The way I see it, technological illiteracy x highly speculative internet mumbo jumbo = extremely high risk'. This actually confirms to me that if your statement has any credence then it is you that are also taking a highly speculative and extremely high risk by the simple notion that it to be successful Bitcoin needs mass take up. It's like having a Uni-cycle. You and some of your buddies may learn how to ride one in an extremely proficient manner, but that doesn't mean sales of Uni-cycles are going to shoot to the stars. Most people will say 'to hell with that, it's too hard, I'm sticking with my two wheeled cycle'. You can work the rest out man.
Also, your statement as follows: 'Listen OP, why don't you just keep hitting up your regular investments?'. Well, I have been...for thirty years and more, and I have been very successful. One of the reasons I have been very successful is because I have always looked up new and  different ideas and concepts. I have studied them and made a judgement, like Amazon for example when the majority still thought it was just a river somewhere in South America. It's called diversification. If I'd taken your advice...I simply wouldn't have lol.
As for old man...lol. Whilst a person has lived in the midst of the Beatles evolution, and the Stones, The Doors, The Kinks, The Who, Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath, Queen, The Yardbirds, The Eagles, The Sex Pistols, and many many more, you grow up with a real sense of realism. I still liked Elvis though when I was a boy like you, didn't see it as old. I use a computer every day by the way. You have a lot to learn boy. It brings a wisdom you can only dream of right now. Have you ever studied the demographics of the Western world? Read and make the connections with Bitcoin...then post me again with your dissertation and I'll mark it for you.
@_date: 2014-07-06 10:35:18
Yeah...OK knob head...lol...if you say so....ha ha ha
You're are close though dick head...I have a Maccy D's franchise....but I prefer Burger King pal.
I spend most of my time with my beautiful wife and our six children, grown up now of course on account of me being a 'pathetic old man'.
I notice you're on here quite often, and I presume you have to work, so when you're not playing with your schwing schwing, all alone of course, you're on here.
Sad fuck
@_date: 2014-06-07 09:27:21
Hey buddy, I know you cancelled the tip but thanks anyway. Mooncat
@_date: 2015-08-05 18:12:40
But the gold spot price is generally set and quoted per ounce, it always has been. It is currently around $1095 per ounce.
@_date: 2015-08-05 18:07:49
However, if you owned 100 ounce gold coins and gold shot up three fold to around $3300 you would most certainly regard that as a good investment.