@_author: mooooddooo
@_date: 2017-08-29 11:55:07
Emergency and catastrophic care happens often enough because people did not get preventative care.  A deadly infection, caught early on, is a lot cheaper to treat than a catastrophic infection. A physical, that catches cancer at stage 1, is a lot cheaper to treat than one at stage 4.
@_date: 2017-08-29 11:49:35
Im a lawyer that sues doctors and my father and brother are doctors in private practice. Doctors do not conspire to increase the costs for people not on insurance. In fact, most (90%) private physicians do not treat uninsured people because they would rather get paid than try to collect on people who may not be able to pay.
The only entity that could arguably be said to conspire is hospitals but that isnt so much a conspiracy as an economic reality. Hospitals have to treat everyone who goes there. They cannot turn people away. This means that they serve a large portion of the population who have no insurance and who cannot pay. They need to make this money up somehow so they end up increasing their bills to people who can pay. This is why an MRI at a hospital costs 3.5k but at a private facility costs under 1k.
The only way to fix this balance is to permit hospitals to turn away people who cannot pay. This would essentially be permitting hospitals to allow poor sick people die on the streets.
@_date: 2017-08-29 11:39:41
By your definition of basic human right, the only thing that possibly fits is... free speech and the right to body integrity. Everything else costs money. That is a skewed definition of basic human right.
The definition of basic human right that most people have is what we consider to be the base level of services and possessions/items each human deserves to have regardless of whether they can afford it.
@_date: 2017-08-29 11:36:54
Man, I really hope someone in your family gets cancer so you can see how great the American health system is.
I represent hospitals and we have people who owe our clients 500k and do not pay because the government forces us to treat them. We shift the cost of that loss onto the other people, people with money but dont have insurance so they cannot negotiate with us. We take all their money and ruin their lives. They end up in bankruptcy. It is truly a great system.