@_author: moore77
@_date: 2018-01-07 03:59:05
The counter to that is to just factor the taxes into the projection/risk. Don't put 10 dollars in unless you get at least 20 back (10 of which are paid in taxes). 
It should all be in the math. If it's not, you're speculating on emotions anyway so worrying about the taxes is the least of your worries.


This is an incredibly common misconception. When you move up a tax bracket you're taxed more *only on the money that is above the previous bracket*. So if you make just below a 40k tax cutoff and are taxed at 20%, if you get bumped to 50k and are now paying 30%, you're only paying 30% taxes on the 10K above the cutoff. You're still taxed at 20% on the 40k. So you're taxed more, but in no way do you make less money... you are always earning money. The incentive is still there to earn.
@_date: 2018-09-10 16:45:12


Sure- diversification is the important bit. Not the bitcoin (if you're using it for investment that is). If you *only* own bitcoin, then you're at a huge risk. Same if you *only* own stocks, real estate, gold, tulips, etc.
@_date: 2018-08-07 23:55:31
Maybe after the crash, the bike rolled backwards enough to cycle the stick back around to the other side.
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:25:12


Sure, but this deep in the conversation, I don't see us meeting eye-to-eye. It just won't happen. Rarely does on the internet, so it's easiest to just end it amicably. Which I understand *sounds* like another dismissal, but it's better than getting more frustrated with the communication.
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:52:42
You're being just as stubborn, I recognize the futility of it. Human nature, and all that.
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:17:23


Yen and Bitcoin are **vastly** different in the eyes of the public. My mom understands Yen, but Bitcoin would take months to explain, if she'd ever understand it at all.


How is it lazy? The case went through the courts, which takes time, effort, and money. That's the opposite of lazy. Police have to solve multiple cases on a daily basis. And do so with as close to a 100% success rate. Be cautious of the Dunning–Kruger effect when assuming what it takes to be a police officer.
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:29:54


This illustrates point. You're doing a poor job of articulating my point of view... which means that either I'm not communicating well or you're not understanding well. Either way, carrying on is pointless.
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:06:57


Except it's a Bitcoin ATM. And the public doesn't understand Bitcoin. That's a very important bit that you're not really understanding. To you and me, sure, it's just an ATM, but *most* people don't really understand that yet. It's not because it's complicated, it's because it's new.
Try to put yourself in their shoes (which is hard to do). A lady lost a lot of $ and this is the first time you've had to deal with this imaginary money. It used to be used on the dark web a lot and you don't really know why it has value or how secure it is. So you put everything on pause for a minute to work it all out.
In this case, the judge and the police ended up ruling correctly and now there's precedent that treats Bitcoin ATM's properly. This should be celebrated.
Assuming malice on their actions without evidence of such will just make you angry and riled up for nothing. It's important to be cautious and vigilant but also use critical analysis of these situations.
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:12:00
Hmmm.. it appears that you are already to committed to "winning" to have a good conversation. You're repeating yourself without understanding me. Which is often how it goes on the internet. 
@_date: 2018-10-13 17:47:14
"Suspect" in this case doesn't mean *Highly Probable Criminal*, it just means *possible criminal*. It doesn't assume guilt, just that they don't know who is guilty yet. It seems quite unnerving on our end because we're always hearing about police corruption in these articles, but if we assume that they're working with honest intentions, then it makes sense to confiscate the money.
Especially because the public isn't very well informed about bitcoin yet. It's not like the police have "cryptocurrency training" as part of their huge amount of responsibilities. If you aren't very clear on how any of this works, it makes sense to put it all on pause to work it out, and hopefully next time something like this happens they'll be better informed. As long as they return the money in a reasonable amount of time and make an effort to understand the circumstances, it's the best we can expect. 
Edit: It's not as though there is a lot of precedent for them to go on... we have no reason to suspect that they have lazy or alternate intentions. There isn't a rampant seizing of resources in this district and the police didn't even benefit from the seizure in any way. Going through the courts is good because it solidifies the innocence of the ATM operator and the police can more confidently dismiss ATM operators as scammers in the future.
@_date: 2018-10-13 17:57:11


I think you're placing an unreasonable expectations of the system in this case.
The public isn't very well informed about bitcoin yet. It's not like the police have "cryptocurrency training" as part of their huge amount of responsibilities. If they aren't very clear on how any of this works, it makes sense to put it all on pause to work it out, and hopefully next time something like this happens they'll be better informed. As long as they return the money in a reasonable amount of time and make an effort to understand the circumstances, it's the best we can expect. 
It's not as though there is a lot of precedent for them to go on... we have no reason to suspect that they have lazy or alternate intentions. There isn't a rampant seizing of resources in this district and the police didn't even benefit from the seizure in any way. Going through the courts is good because it solidifies the innocence of the ATM operator and the police can more confidently dismiss ATM operators as scammers in the future.
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:36:43


They might not understand that a Bitcoin ATM operates the same as a bank ATM. You are putting a huge amount of weight on the assumption that there is some kind of legal understanding of what an ATM is by a standard police officer (maybe there is- I don't know, but I certainly don't have one). Just having the name ATM on something doesn't give it a free pass... otherwise I have some great news for those looking for quick cash.


Cases like these need to go to court sometimes to set precedent. That's how the legal system works, and how it evolves with society. Once the law has been figured out, then it is worked into the SOP of police interaction. But the first time something new happens, it gets worked out in the courts (as it should- we don't want police deciding on how these things work).
@_date: 2018-10-13 22:20:41
Right. People are reacting like they did. In reality, they probably were just playing it safe until they made sure everything was in order. They didn't know for sure that the bitcoin ATM had anything to do with the scam or if it was just the woman being taken advantage of, etc. 65K is a lot of money, and so they are being cautious about not mishandling the situation.
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:20:49


It's literally a bitcoin ATM. How could it be less of a case? If you don't know how bitcoin works, then it's safe to say you don't know how a bitcoin ATM works. 
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:45:37
We'll agree to disagree, then.


Bitcoin ATM, not ATM. Why do you keep dropping the Bitcoin part? That's an incredibly important part of my argument!
Anyway, cheers, like I said- this won't work online. We're too deep and we're both too committed to the argument to make any headway.
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:49:43
Then we're in disagreement. Like I predicted.
@_date: 2017-11-05 19:31:53
Smart advisors do not try to time the markets.
@_date: 2017-11-05 15:15:56
Not sure of the scenario here. Are you talking about all-in? As part of a portfolio? To play with high-risk?
Right now, bitcoin is high-risk. From a financial advisor standpoint let me present a couple of scenarios:
1) FA recommends bitcoin. Bitcoin crashes. FA appears incompetent and loses clients.
2) FA doesn't recommend bitcoin. Bitcoin continues to grow until 100K plus. FA's more secure recommendations still do OK and he looks competent, although didn't guess the Bitcoin market right. Like gambling, I wouldn't hold it against people for not playing the lottery. Great if you win, but it's not necessary to have a sound financial portfolio.
Why on earth would they risk their job recommending Bitcoin? Anecdotal hassle from one client does not support their choice to play in markets that they know.
I love bitcoin and think it can be a part of anyone's portfolio. I also completely understand why it won't be on a professional's radar until it becomes stable. The value is still very theoretical and based on market emotions. The root philosophy is sound.
@_date: 2017-11-06 10:49:23
They *could*, but it's still fairly risky for them. There are certain rules that a [certified financial assistant]( must follow to retain their license. Speculation in the markets (gambling with other people's money) is not looked well upon. Especially if they themselves benefit from the client doing so (arguably so with Bitcoin).
Keep in mind, I'm all about bitcoin, I just think the hostility toward CFAs and reluctance to drop everything and embrace it misses some nuance. Bitcoin is definitely not the first "guaranteed to grow" speculation that they come across, and it won't be the last ;)
@_date: 2018-02-08 15:07:28
The boring answer is that you would probably pay capital gains tax the next tax season for gains you actualized... But that's a really good question
@_date: 2018-02-08 15:14:59
You're thinking of it as an investment instead of a currency. Crypto's goal, in the end, is to circumvent the global banking and fiat system we have. Making money on it is just the incentive to get enough people involved. It had no real value unless you can spend it.
@_date: 2017-10-28 21:32:31
Maybe they have some justification? It would all be guessing on my part, but I could come up with reasons they're doing two weeks (I'm sure you could too). Or maybe two weeks more than enough it is indeed, insane. I doubt it was meant to be personal, either way...
@_date: 2017-10-28 19:59:53
I'm a bitcoin fan, but that is advising on speculation, which is against that sub's rules (R10). No matter the qualities of bitcoin (decentralization, limited # of coins, etc.) it is still hedging a bet on a new tech with unpredictable results. If they make an exception for Bitcoin, how could they then justify banning anything else that could come from The advice some of the mods might even agree with, but it's like discussing your favorite bourbon at an AA meeting... just not really the place for it. Course, the OP pretty much asked you what your favorite bourbon was in this case ;)
Easy way to respect the subs rules is to pm the person directly to clue them in to Bitcoin and cryptocurrency.