@_author: moose793
@_date: 2018-09-10 15:52:52
You're right - without encryption blockchains are useless, and for that reason we basically assume that anyone who wants to use a blockchain would also use its accompanying cryptographic methods."blockchain is a database" doesn't really capture how the word is used in practice.  We use it much more in line with 'fault tolerant and cryptographically verifiable replicated state-machine'. 
100% agreed that you should never put sensitive data on a public blockchain. We didn't mean to imply that secret data should ever touch a blockchain... Rather that they are useful software security infrastructure for managing things like access-control and public-key infrastructure.
This article is also more so talking about using private blockchains in an enterprise setting. The data shouldn't be public, but the rules for WHO can access the data should be on a blockchain. You're right that it may not be truly decentralized, but it removes single points of failures that are pervasive in enterprise systems. Using private blockchains in existing systems prevents one compromised server from comprising the system at large.  
@_date: 2018-09-10 15:16:32
Hahaha. Well some companies can afford to take the risk if they so desire. And maybe your company shouldn't pursue blockchain, but based off their situation it could be in their best interest to stay up to date and prime their developers to be ready. 
@_date: 2018-06-06 15:52:10
If curious, here is a list of people who are interviewed &amp; their respective websites:
Jackson Palmer - Inventor of Dogecoin
Lana Swartz - Researcher, Money and Communication
Andy Bromberg - CEO, Coinlist
Hunter Prendergast, Blockchain Engineer, MIMIR Blockchain Solutions
Michael Casey -  Senior Adviser, MIT Media Lab
@_date: 2017-11-03 21:14:12
My CEO, Nicolas Fierro, MIMIR Blockchain Solutions, started this series because so many people ask him about blockchain.
I think he did a pretty good job in episode 0, [A Deep Dive Into Bitcoin] let us know what y'all think, or if you have any ideas about the curriculum for future episodes!