@_author: mope
@_date: 2011-10-28 20:36:07
*$300 total debt with a money supply of $100. Money circulates*
This is true, but wouldn't you agree that the more total debt exceeds the size of the money supply, the higher the velocity of money needs to be in order for debtors to earn enough to pay back their loans? And since there is effectively no limit to the size of (total debt - money supply) whereas money velocity is limited by the number and size of trades that it is possible to perform per unit time (assuming that the world contains limited opportunities for profit), the amount of debt owed must necessarily eventually overshoot what can be paid back (assuming that money supply and total debt are constantly growing, as they are in our money system)?
@_date: 2011-07-06 12:14:12
Two points:
- Don't fall into the trap of thinking in black and white, "Bitcoin is a great idea" vs "Bitcoin is a terrible idea". In reality, Bitcoin's utility as a currency varies continuously, and its value changes to reflect this.
- Deflation is a problem for national currencies because people are compelled by law to use them, "less money chasing more goods" only makes sense in a context where there is only one kind of money which must be used for all goods. In the future we will use a mix of national currencies and cryptocurrencies, of which Bitcoin will be one.
Remember that we are still in the early days of the cryptorevolution. It's the wild west right now.
@_date: 2011-11-25 17:26:44
Bitcoin might be useful for circumventing capital controls in the event that a country leaves the Euro. [From today's *Economist*](


@_date: 2011-10-22 19:18:15
This is a bad idea. As long as there is profit to be made by mining, new miners will be attracted, and with each new miner that joins available mining profits will fall. On the flipside if miners are making a loss, some of them stop mining and profits rise. At equilibrium the net profit from mining is always zero. The only reason miners ever make a profit is because sometimes the price of bitcoin rises faster than new miners can join.
If you want to help the bitcoin economy first reconcile yourself to the fact that there is no such thing as risk-free profit, then consider investing in a productive bitcoin-using business. You might want to look through the listings on the [Bitcoin Stock Exchange]( or consider taking a risk on some of the more blue-sky projects. For example you could start an [Open Transactions]( server (it's not ready yet, but if you have spare money sloshing around why not donate?) or you could pay a programmer to develop something.
@_date: 2011-07-06 13:02:33
I pretty much agree, but I'll just add one more thing about what I think Bitcoin is. A lot of people in this thread compare Bitcoin to gold, and I think that that is a good way to look at it. Gold is limited in supply, and is both somewhat difficult and dangerous to transport or trade. Similarly, Bitcoin is scarce by design, suffers from slow transactions and is at risk from malware and computer errors. Trading bitcoins is like trading gold bars, somewhat primitive, but a necessary first step. Like gold, I think that people will eventually start storing their bitcoins in digital vaults, creating bitcoin-backed currencies analogous to gold-backed ones. [Open Transactions]( or something like it, is the future.
@_date: 2011-11-15 03:23:10
Another interesting factoid: according to Bitcoin Charts today's action represents by far the highest bitcoin (not dollar) trade volume of all time on MtGox.
@_date: 2011-10-24 00:48:26
I normally ignore articles like this, but there have been so many lately that I just want to make a few points.
*The digital, decentralized currency, once touted by tech advocates as the fu- ture of monetary transactions, has seen a 90% drop in its conversion rate since a high of $30 per “coin” in mid-June [...] several key investors in the currency fear that it is locked in a downward spiral that it won’t climb out of, according to The Guardian.*
Two points: firstly, just about any commodity that you can possibly name has experienced at least one bubble in its history, but this is irrelevant to the underlying value of the commodity. The tulip bulb bubble did not render tulips worthless. Secondly, when the Guardian says that "Bitcoin is in a downward spiral that it won't climb out of" I assume that they mean that bitcoin's buying power will continue to fall. If that is the case, then bitcoin will be in exactly the same position as the dollar, the pound, the euro and any other currency whose buying power predictably falls with inflation.
*That value, by the way, is so low that it now costs more to produce the money than its actual worth.*
Anyone who knows anything about bitcoin knows that this sentence is nonsensical. Difficulty fluctuates with the amount of hashing power available to the network, and this is in turn driven by mining investment, which responds to the price of bitcoin (i.e. a fall in bitcoin price makes mining less profitable, causes less mining, causes difficulty to fall, which attracts more miners, which causes difficulty to rise, in a self-correcting feedback loop). The fact that I keep seeing this sort of statement appear in articles about bitcoin confirms what I have long suspected: that by far the majority of tech journalists do not understand even the most basic features of the technology they write about.
*the lack of any central managing authority for Bitcoin proved to be a curse rather than a benefit. Several security breaches in major “banks” led to the theft of thousands of Bitcoins.*
Dollars/pounds/euros etc have a central managing authority, and this does not appear to provide any protection whatsoever against theft. I can't find a good source of statistics, but just typing ["Bank fraud" into Wikipedia]( shows all the various crimes that have been committed against conventional currencies. Does this count as evidence that conventional currencies are dying?
*The system itself was also prone to fail. [...]  in Bitcoin’s first four years, 10.5 million coins can be generated, in the second four years, 5.25 million coins can be generated, and so on. This has the end effect of increasing the amount of computing power needed to generate the same amount of coins over time. This also gradually increases the cost of generating those coins, and it has proven to be unsustainable.*
Again, two points: Firstly, this is a red herring. I cannot see how the fluctutations in bitcoin price in 2011 can possibly be linked to changes in the number of bitcoins produced per block mined (the "computing power needed to generate the same amount of coins over time"), because throughout the 2011 50 bitcoins were being produced stably and predictably every 10 minutes, just like they should have been. Secondly, the number of coins produced per unit time is irrelevant, what matters is the *value* of the coins produced per unit cost of inputs. Imagine what would happen if the world's gold mines began to be exhausted. If less gold is mined this year than last year we wouldn't expect the price of gold to go down, we would expect it to go up because if the supply of gold falls while demand remains constant, price must rise. So even if it's getting harder to mine gold, the incentive to mine would increase (we see this in the oil industry). The bitcoin protocol is designed to balance the incentive to mine against the price of bitcoin, using the system of adjustable difficulty. 
Also I hate this meaningless buzzword: "unsustainable". It seems that you never have to justify your prejudice against something if you call it unsustainable. "I hate seagulls!", "Why?", "Seagulls are unsustainable!", "Oh right! Why didn't you say so!?"
*Trading in Bitcoins carries a risk that doesn’t exist when you trade using dollars or euros, because there’s no guarantee of security. The lack of most modern computer users to use even basic security measures to protect their devices means that any they hold would be trivially easy to steal.*
What guarantee of security do you have when you use dollars or euros? If you're not using basic security to protect your bitcoins, the chances are that you're not using basic security to protect your bank account details or paypal password. Perhaps the author is referring to the fact that bitcoins must be stored in a wallet on the user's machine, but a wallet can be encrypted, and if a thief can steal the password to decrypt your wallet, they can just as easily steal the password to your paypal account.
*Institutions such as the Federal Reserve and the FDIC exist in part to ensure the value of a currency is held somewhat constant against market forces, and that your money held by others is insured in case of theft or fraud.*
Neither the federal reserve nor the FDIC insure against theft or fraud. As to whether they "ensure the value of currency is held somewhat constant against market forces", they obviously do not do this. In fact, the federal reserve is currently trying to drive down the value of the dollar in order to favour american exporters.
*The bitcoin concept is sound, but in the hands of the general public, it’s a disaster.*
This statement is so vague that it's difficult to know what to say to it, what is the bitcoin concept? Who are the general public? I'll make some assumptions about what the author was trying to say and answer. Assuming that "bitcoin concept" = peer-to-peer cryptocurrency, and that "general public" = people, I say this: how can you have a peer-to-peer system that isn't in the hands of the general public?
@_date: 2011-10-22 19:22:22
In this case "free" appears to mean, "taken from my employer without them noticing". In which case it's not so much printing money as stealing it.
@_date: 2011-11-15 03:50:39
Here's a simple idea for an evil hedge fund: 
If you take a look at the one-year usd/btc chart [here]( you can see that the price of bitcoin has a tendency to predictably overshoot or undershoot whenever a large price movement occurs, reflecting an early tendency toward euphoria and panic, becoming less pronounced over time as traders get better at predicting those price movements and arbitraging them away. However, someone with a sufficiently large amount of cash and a high tolerance for risk could probably overwhelm those arbitrageurs by buying a very large amount of bitcoin and then selling all at once to trigger a panic. During the panic the price of bitcoin should predictably undershoot, providing an opportunity for the manipulator to buy up bitcoin then wait for the price to return to the level that it would have been at without the panic, at which point they sell those bitcoins at a profit. 
The first risk in this strategy is that the bitcoins purchased during the accumulation phase could lose their value, and that this loss might overwhelm the profit from the manipulation. The second risk is that, since the bigger the sell-off, the more total the panic and the greater the downswing, there is an incentive for the manipulator to try to produce a massive crash in order to be able to buy at as low a price as possible. This could potentially wipe out the bitcoin economy once and for all, eliminating the manipulator's profit.
Edit: third risk: the manipulator has to correctly guess where the market will return to in order to know when to buy. Since the crash could (and probably would) lower the demand for bitcoin, it's price might end up unpredictably lower after the crash than it otherwise would have been. This is probably the most difficult part of the whole scheme.
@_date: 2011-10-11 21:54:49
Bitcoin Talk is like a wrestling cage for autistic slap-fights. Every time I come back to I want to fall on my knees and kiss the ground. 
Anyway. SolidCoin appears to require the user to trust a central authority, and to maintain that trust *forever* regardless of what the authority does. If that seems like a good idea to you, I suggest that you don't really understand the zen of bitcoin.
@_date: 2011-06-19 10:13:04
@_date: 2011-09-21 11:17:19
If you like OT you might also enjoy this article by Chaum: [Security Without Identification](
@_date: 2011-09-14 21:58:45
I can't wait for this to be ready.
@_date: 2011-09-27 16:40:42
There should be a financial cryptography subreddit for this sort of thing.
@_date: 2011-09-27 16:47:39
So, here it is: 
@_date: 2011-10-11 22:07:08
Bitcoin is not being attacked. Some guy called Coin Hunter started up his own alternative to Bitcoin called SolidCoin and some other guy called BitcoinEXpress says that he has enough computing power to attack the SolidCoin network. SolidCoin supporters say that BitcoinEXpress is full of shit and SolidCoin haters say that the SolidCoin protocol is a joke. So far it looks like they're both right.
@_date: 2013-03-27 17:01:47
Ah, is funny, yes? I laugh.
@_date: 2013-03-27 14:53:10


wat