@_author: moqthewitty
@_date: 2018-01-10 03:16:20


You're right, sorry. I guess I misremembered 5% as 'one fifth', and then that further degraded to one-third... But for all practical purposes, I'd guess that controlling 'only' 5% of an entire global currency is still virtually as problematic as controlling 1/3rd.


It doesn't *has to have* a time of 10 minutes -- that's an arbitrary time. Couldn't we just as arbitrarily use a log function that results in global mining completion at the same date? With difficulty far higher in the beginning and way easier in the end..
The result wouldn't reward early adopters as much, but they wouldn't have competition anyway so they'd still be earning over-proportionate amounts of coins. Then, as the coin is adopted more and more, and the frenzy builds and people rush to mine, more and more people are rewarded (including those early adopters!). This would result in a more level rate of coins per hour per miner than the current algorithm, and has the potential such that someone might adopt early and make, say, 1 coin per hour every day, until the last block is mined. (This is provided that the adoption curve "lines up" perfectly with the difficulty curve, which is a stretch but at least it'd be theoretically possible)
I'm not a cryptography / cryptocurrency expert or even all that good of an ideas guy, so I'm sure there's wrinkles in my idea. I'm know for sure I'm not as smart as Satoshi. But if I had Satoshi's brainpower, combined with my perspective + "hindsight", I would want to come up with a 1/log(x) difficulty idea that doesn't suck from the beginning... Or, with the current algorithm, then when bitcoin reached mainstream finance I'd delete most of my coins by sending them to the genesis block as a token of good faith to the bitcoin community.
@_date: 2018-01-09 03:02:31
Or, to paraphrase: "I ~~rigged~~ engineered the system so it would let me generate nearly a third of all the bitcoins that will ever exist for almost no effort, then get exponentially more difficult for everyone who starts after I did." -Satoshi Nakamoto
I'm glad that Satoshi has been upfront about the system and how it's designed, but yeesus, doesn't anybody else think that was a dick move? There has to be a better way...