@_author: morbanth
@_date: 2017-08-29 20:04:49
Roads are constructed with tax money. 
@_date: 2017-08-29 13:48:08


So you also oppose roads? There is no country without taxation, and it's up to society to decide what to do with those taxes.
@_date: 2017-08-29 15:00:09
So affordable healthcare isn't? When good healthcare for all costs less money per capita than privatized, there's literally no argument against it except "muh communism!". A healthy populace is better for the nation, a hopeful populace is better for the nation. Insurance companies getting rich and then not paying taxes on the money is not better for the nation.
@_date: 2017-08-29 16:38:15




No, it doesn't. Surprise, we have pharmaceutical companies in Europe too, and they make bank. 


No, it wouldn't. People in the EU also prefer private doctors when they can afford it. Nobody is forbidding you from attending one. You're gonna need to source the claim about doctor brain drain, since we have not seen that here.


No, it's worse for everyone, because people should have access to healthcare regardless of their employment situation. You're moving the burden of payment from the taxpayer to the corporations, making it harder for small time businesses to employ people as they have to provide insurance. There is no advantage in the employer paying for their employee's healthcare.


No, they don't. The "best possible treatment" is one where the most people get treatment and live. If you're rich and you live in an industrialized country, you can get the best possible treatment. In the few cases where there are actual exceptions, as a rich person you can go to another country and get the treatment there, 'cause you're rich.
You're rehashing the same old tired arguments. The American system is inferior to the one in the EU because it costs more, helps fewer people, stifles growth and benefits only the insurance companies. The only reason you support it is because you hate the idea of your tax dollars helping someone else, even if the system would be better for you as well. It's insane.