@_author: morecowbellmofo
@_date: 2017-12-27 22:18:22
Most ASIC mining companies accept preorders. I've been looking into mining the past month or two now ready to cash in some gains for some mining equipment...
Essentially, your choice comes down to:
Do you want GPU miners which have resale value and can dual mine but are large and clunky. OR do you want asic miners which are expensive, come from china, have little/no warranty but are small/compact and much better one purpose machines, with practically 0 resale value and noisy (you're likely going to want a space to house them that isn't going to disturb you at home). I hear they're like running hair dryers. 
The only sites with constant supply are typically going to be the ones that aren't that profitable.
Bear in mind new miners, more efficient hardware is coming soon, GPU manufacturers are creating mining cards that will be more efficient AND faster. 2018 is the year to watch out. 
So far the fastest/best miners I've seen are halongmining.com DragonMing 16TH/s Asics. And BaikalMiner.com. These are not cheap, don't include power supplies and you may have to pay for shipping as well.. On top of that for the DragonMints, you have a min batch order of 5 so about $8000 min order :)
Happy mining.
@_date: 2017-03-09 07:57:41
Yes I have some. I said when Google launched its shares ppl should buy. I was right. I have the same feeling with bitcoin. It has the funding now, it has the buy in, it will become whatever people need it to be to be a success. When the reward rate halves it's value will spike. When the block size doubles  it's value will spike. Long term there's not many places it can go but up.
@_date: 2017-03-10 19:28:06
I've actually changed my mind. I saw the S-1 filing and it says they're only going to base their prices off regulated exchanges so there will be recourse if any price fixing/manipulation goes on. I'm back in with skin in the game!! Its ON.
@_date: 2017-03-09 22:20:54
I'm out for now - I don't believe it will go ahead. There's no way for the SEC to control price manipulation on bitcoin, so what happens when they find out there's been price manipulation?! Nothing - there's no one to report it to. Realistically all they could do is shut down the Fund and give everyone their money back. Since it is the SEC's responsibility to ensure the market remains liquid/fair/reliable, the only way to do that is to not allow the fund. Its a noble effort to try get approval given they've spent 4 years. They probably need to spend another 4 though. They've asked for comments and generally they're positive but of the ones that are negative, they provide deep technical answers that hint at several failings of the digital currency setup as it curntly stands. The network is open to too much abuse. There are hard/soft forks coming up. There is little regulation on the network when something bad is identified. The transactions are supposedly anonymous. etc. etc. How the SEC possibly approve this I can't imagine. Therefore I'm out. I've spent considerable time over the past 2-3 days researching and buying back in/selling. I'm sticking with selling now. Some people are saying its a coin toss, others 25%. I'm going with more like a 25% - the SEC would have no control over this if it goes ahead. They can't punish the Winklevoss twins if a bunch of people manipulate the market, so there's no way it can really govern it. There's also the opportunity something insecure gets programmed in somewhere and a lot of people lose a lot of money as happened last year. How can you legislate for that. The bitcoin network is not a banking institution, there is no regulation, there are no rules. Its the wild west basically. 
@_date: 2017-03-08 21:38:24
I see bitcoin as what email was in the 90s. It will be far too convenient to ignore in place of cash.
@_date: 2017-08-03 19:39:14
Its fairly basic. Its the method Twitter lists in its api docs. Sounds like an interesting approach. Have you had any positive results already or is this entirely exploratory? I feel like predicting cryptos day to day would be far harder than predicting more frequently since the dynamic changes so rapidly (from having watched for the past year now). Its gone from $500 -&gt; $2700 - with predictions it will be at $5000 before the end of the year.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:37:17
I started streaming the tweets with keywords and counters when the tweets show a smiley or some variant :) XD :D etc. There's even a bull emoticon. Then just last night I thought you could include the key word "buy/bought" plus the search term which is just the currency name such as bit coin. There's probably a lot more you could do such as track the number of new users tweeting about it too rather than the same ppl who tweet all the time to spam the network. I found a book called mining the social Web which could be useful. I was intending on just counting the users and tweets. I'm writing mine in java/spring boot.
@_date: 2017-08-02 20:16:26
Building something like this. Very early days but I'm hooked into twitter right now for sentiment just testing the waters. Would be interested to know how you analyse sentiment.