@_author: morphiscreator
@_date: 2015-08-04 21:10:17
Thanks, and agreed.
MORPHiS was actually designed for the purpose of enabling distributed applications to be built on top of it, hence why the performance was such a priority.
Understood that the UI is the benefit of Github, and yes, that will take time to recreate, but it can and will be done :)
@_date: 2015-08-07 20:28:46
I would actually prefer if people do not ask me about other projects. I have looked at them all, and I don't want to criticize them. The main point is that I looked at them all, some seem sound, some not so, but none of them are taking the approach that I have calculated to be the most likely to succeed. That isn't to say that many of them aren't or don't have great ideas as well. Hopefully we can all work together to further the state of the art in this domain.
Another thing is that because of the above, I couldn't be bogged down fixing other's technology, arguing with them on direction, Etc. I had to move forward and now. With the TPP, with governments looking to ban encryption, Etc., Etc., I feel we don't have much time. And by the way, I did reach out to people, and they mostly don't answer me. So here I am instead.
One thing is that this is my platform to show you what is possible. Look at Dmail! Look at it! There is nothing like it. It is what others have tried to do and failed because the systems they are trying to build it on are not designed right. Dmail is spam resistant uncensorable messaging. Email is hereby deprecated. Adoption is the only barrier. Dmail works and is amazing. Next step is to deprecate Disqus!! With Dmail technology, it is already possible and so easy to do, will take me not a week once I get to it. You will see it next!
@_date: 2015-08-07 17:12:38
I initially had that concern and was evaluating a few languages. Rust would have been what I went with but it absolutely was not ready when I started this project, and still is not looking quite ready for my purposes today. I was planning to port the system to Rust in the future, however, I am very impressed with the performance of asyncio! It blew away my expectations of 'slow python'!
@_date: 2015-08-07 17:15:55
Unfortunately IPFS's design philosophy is incorrect in my opinion. From their paper they state their decision to not have their system support arbitrary connections. This makes the system far too difficult to be adopted by the average person. IPFS is not a one click and its running affair and it looks like it is designed to never be. Hopefully I am wrong and it turns out to be a great alternative and the world will benefit in the end. I wish them the best of luck!
At this point, I am a world class P2P developer. This is not my first p2p project, just FYI.
Based upon IPFS's own benchmarks, my system already performs faster, and there is 10x speed improvement I am able to get with a one line change that I am debating because I am likely going to do it a many line (and complicated) way that is even better.
Also, Go is a non-starter. Any language that has its software updates come out of the bowels of the NSA(Google) are simply not considerable for a project that is designed to liberate humanity from such fascism.
@_date: 2015-08-04 21:20:05
GIT HOST UPDATED!
Same URL, but now a real web server serving!
@_date: 2015-08-05 15:40:50
See my comment above: 
But the jist of the answer to your question is this:
1) I evaluated all other projects (even ones that came out after I started) and none of them were approaching it correctly in my evaluation.
I can assure you that I will not be going anywhere. This is my life's work. This is my calling! I will keep working on it full time for free. I hope that as developers notice my work they will join the project to make it go faster. It is not about me, but about the result. But rest assured I am dedicated for the rest of my life.
Essentially, I will not stop until there is a defacto uncensorable anonymous world datastore that deprecates the cloud and internet as you know it, or, such a thing is successfully completed by someone else. So if others don't get it done, I keep going.
@_date: 2015-08-05 20:22:51
Thanks very much for all your interest, feedback and kind remarks BinaryResult!
As for marketing, I will do some to spread the word, but my underlying belief from the beginning was:
If you build it, they will come.
I will just keep making it better and better until people can't resist using it and it takes off on its own. :)
@_date: 2015-08-05 15:33:42
It is all transparent to the user, but it is inherently transparently encrypted, authenticated (sender cannot be forged) and uncensorable.
It is quite complicated under the scenes, but is all automatic and a simple UI that is simpler than email :)
It works like this (rough explanation, will write a proper paper after release):
Bob publishes an updateable key site that is a JSON file that includes:
his public RSA-4096 key, the DH e key to encrypt his Dmails with, a 
TARGET_KEY (512 bits of random data), and a difficulty setting (default 20 
Alice to send Bob a Dmail, fetches Bob's dmail site. (His key to his dmail 
JSON site is his Dmail address.)
Alice generates a DH x, calculates K using Bob's published e, and encrypts 
the message AES-256 using a key derived from that K. EDIT: her message
includes her e, ie: {encrypted_data, e}.
Alice increments a noonce in the header of the TargetedBlock that wraps 
the DmailWrapper that wraps the encrypted Dmail. The DmailWrapper also 
includes a RSASSA-PSS signature of the encrypted message using Alice's 
private RSA-4096 key. T By the way, the dmail address (the updateable key, 
is just an SHA-512 hash of the public key that is used to authenticate the 
sender field in the Dmail as coming from that dmail address, you can only 
publish an updateable key data if it is signed by a key who's hash matches 
the ID).
Once the hash of the entire wrapper matches the difficulty bits of the 
TARGET_KEY publised by Bob, she is able to send it to the network. The 
wrapper also includes the TARGET_KEY so that the Dmail has to be 
targeted to one address.
The network stores the dmail pretty much the same as any static upload, 
except that it also keeps track of the TARGET_ID in the TargetedBlock 
(wraps the DmailWrapper which wraps the encrypted Dmail). It does this so 
when queried later, it only looks at messages targeted to that person, this 
prevents mass targeting. By the way, the network also solves solicited 
mailing lists, as that is not sent via TargetedBlock, but the sender just 
publishes an updateable key that people subscribe to. Sending a 
(solicited) mass newsletter is cheaper than sending one unsolicited Dmail 
Bob then does this:
FindKey(TARGET_KEY, significant_prefix_bits, TARGET_KEY)
The network will find the first key that matches the prefix as quickly and 
scalable as a normal search.
Bob then can get the next message like this:
FindKey(KEY_OF_PREVIOUS_RESPONSE, significant_prefix_bits, TARGET_KEY)
And so on until the network responds not found.
Eventually that keyspace is polluted that lots of old messages are there, 
so Bob simply publishes a new Dmail site (same dmail addres, just updates 
his signed data) the JSON file, with a new TARGET_ID and DH key as well.
@_date: 2015-08-04 21:01:40
Ok, I will setup apache right now instead of "python3 -m http.server", LOL :)
It obviously isn't meant for production use (as they told me :)
@_date: 2015-08-05 15:45:19
I plan to do just that right after this release.
@_date: 2015-08-05 01:47:28
That is not true. From the beginning the design has been engineered to be resistant to the two Sybil attacks documented in this paper: 
MORPHiS is already at the point that it is more resistant than Bittorrents DHT's design by being fundamentally different in many ways. The asymmetrical key based node ID is one, and the tunneling design is a major one (it is not connectionless UDP like Bittorrent's DHT which fundamentally limits what they can do). MORPHiS is essentially a Web Of Trust inherent in its network connections! And this is just the start of my plans! I'm not stopping at this release. This release is a proof of concept to show what I can do in just 7 months from scratch while learning Python for the first time -- and to the sagacious observer -- an indication of where I am going! Just watch to see where I get, especially if anyone wants to help out -- then watch where we can get!
Also note that it speaks SSH to other nodes. An openssh compatible custom enhanced (new improvements to the protocol) 100% Python (asyncio) SSH that cannot be downgrade attacked and is just SSH traffic to your ISP or TOR :)
Trust me, I'm thinking ahead, and very much aware of much of the literature on the subject. I consume it like water (maybe beer is more like it, I can only read so many papers in a day :)
@_date: 2015-08-04 22:07:35
Make sure to check out the Dmail feature. It is the killer feature that MORPHiS launches with! (Well, aside from super fast file sharing and hosting, but I mean there is nothing like it, Dmail is a new invention (standing on shoulder of giants of course.) Inherent proof of work, transparently AES-256 encrypted with a DH Group 14 public key, RSA-4096 signed. Modular design so that I will be adding an ECC curve as an alternative to the RSA (user selectable). All transparent and automatic. The signed is not quite transparent in that forged from: will show a warning! :)
Send me a Dmail: sa4m5ixas6wkchq :)
@_date: 2015-08-04 19:48:44
I plan for after the release I will go into maintenance and support mode with coding while writing such a paper before moving on to next stages.
I didn't want to write a paper first because most papers turn into nothing :)
However, not to knock the papers, I've read every one I could get my hands on before and while developing this!
As for Github: From the beginning: I seek to deprecate github with MORPHiS :)
@_date: 2015-08-05 12:21:28
I don't think I've heard of QUIC, but I was looking at NaCL ( and its successor.
I will likely add support for one of these later on. The cost of making a connection is not too important for MORPHiS due to its tunneling design, however, so it is not very important right now.
However, the one huge advantage of these UDP schemes for MORPHiS is the inherent anti-DDOS nature of UDP which isn't vulnerable to ICMP reset attacks like TCP inherently is. In the end, these UDP based experimental protocols may simply influence new versions of TCP and thus make switching away from SSH not important at all.
Since TCP getting fixed is likely a long term possibility, I may be adding additional support in a nearer term for such a low level transport. However, in my evaluation (and the authors of the protocols themselves), none of them are ready yet; so in the interest of getting a fully functional MORPHiS out the door, I went with what I calculated after much evaluation of many possibilities to be the best protocol out there, and that is SSH. I have improved the SSH protocol significantly for my purposes, while remaining 100% compatible with OpenSSH. I am quite happy with the results of this decision. However, due to the inherent ICMP reset vulnerability that TCP has, I absolutely am looking forward to the future with my eye on such developments.
One further improvement that is slated to be made to the SSH protocol by me is the ability to resume a connection without any renegotiation needed. I already figured out how to do it quite simply and elegantly, so I will add this in the near future and thus make even less reason to go to a UDP based solution.
@_date: 2015-08-17 21:50:57
Yes, myself. However, Gregory Maxwell banned me from all Bitcoin IRC channels because I refused to accept his incorrect off-topic statements as truth. He is a stubborn ignoramus with an ego problem. Highly toxic combination.
It's okay though for Bitcoin, as I just continued working on the side outside the established oligarchy, but still 100% dedicated to Bitcoin.
I'm building a decentralized mixing net to enable anonymous- and micro-transactions with Bitcoin as you know it: @_date: 2015-08-04 18:25:55
Nah, it put a smile on my face. Thank you for doing it :)
@_date: 2015-08-04 02:40:40
Haha, I love it! Is this not the most fun competition possible? (Because they cannot stop us!) We, the universe, working to exercise the cancer that is these oligarchs?
Humans could always whisper to each other. That is nature. Nature gave us the right to have secret communication with each other. Then came along technology of the phone, Etc., and governments realized these new ways of communicating were vulnerable to their prying eyes! That does not undo the natural right we always had! Well, we are taking that right back!
@_date: 2015-08-04 22:11:21
Not yet, but it will come. See  for a roadmap.
And it will be Bitcoin, not some other thing.
@_date: 2015-07-27 19:08:38
No surprise here! Take a look at my karma in this subreddit, and I'm even working for the good of Bitcoin! Lol.
@_date: 2015-07-30 16:16:27
Oh my, thanks for pointing that out! My bad... Link updated in original comment, html not txt.
@_date: 2015-07-23 01:46:24
Nice try.
Anyone who reads the full logs will see how obvious it is that gmaxwell, Apocalyptic and kanzure were the beligerent and immature ones, I was very polite, and they would have been the ones banned had they not been the oligarchy controlling the channel.
@_date: 2015-07-31 07:09:37
Well, that is certainly wrong about the inherent motive of governments:
Hopefully just naive; as he does seem one of the good ones most of the time.
Lord Acton (1834 - 1902): "Every thing secret degenerates, even the administration of justice; nothing is safe that does not show how it can bear discussion and publicity."
Stone age inherently corrupt governments must be replaced by the World Brain ( -- Governance without Government.
@_date: 2015-07-30 08:14:14
To think that centralization is inevitable like that is naive and dangerous thinking to support, and obviously on the wrong side of history!
I say the opposite is the reality and that is what I am doing.
@_date: 2015-07-22 22:59:17
Ah, sorry, you didn't say that when I asked you to unban me. Nothing to do with you, shouldn't have mentioned you, sorry.
@_date: 2015-07-26 18:59:56
I'll just leave this here:
Store the block chain on morphis.
Use morphis (see as the database instead of localdb or whatever.
@_date: 2015-07-23 08:14:36
It is anonymous if you receive coins through tor and spend them through tor.
Then think: a distributed automated mixing service operating over tor (or future better anonymizing system like potentially the one this article is referring to).
There is nothing about bitcoin itself stopping it from being anonymous.
@_date: 2015-08-04 18:18:29
I'm still busy adding polish. Release is not official yet.
But, it works, and the network /is/ live. The first user uploaded content is already there, and of course, it is NSFW :P
Regarding the GIT repo, LOL, the git is hosted with "python3 -m http.server" :)
I will switch it to apache since obviously that can no longer handle the attention.
I was not planning for it to hit the Bitcoin subreddit until I actually released :P
@_date: 2015-08-04 22:12:23


Oops, will fix that, thanks!
@_date: 2015-07-22 23:14:06
I did update my comment with a link.
You skipped to the end of the conversation and missed that I only responded with the word ignorant in response to them insulting me more severely than that. That was my strongest response.
Read the whole conversation from when I first joined the channel. It is continuous, from 9:25 am. You will see I was in the end ignoring him because he was purposely deriding the conversation from transaction malleability. He acted like a stubborn child the whole time. The conversation was on malleability, he was the one not contributing to it and even purposely disrupting it.
I was saying 'ignored' because i was ignoring his attempts to keep deriding the conversation by talking off topic, essentially trying to force me to agree with his off topic incorrect opinion. The couple others you point to being against me near the end there you will see were acting as fanboys of Maxwell the whole time.
Snippets of the convo, read link I gave for full convo:
thufir: first part not true at all. your second part is true/
thufir: it is the patterns that will make it no work at all. the enginnering is only small improvements compared to new math.
thufir: anyways, back to LN :)
Apocalyptic: gmaxwell, I suspect he hasn't a clue about what he's talking about
gmaxwell: Apocalyptic: correct.
thufir: well you have both proved yourselves ignorant then
gmaxwell: thufir: it's not a big deal, but if you're going to tell me that I'm wrong and insult me, it helps to actually be correct, and you certantly should expect a correction on it.
thufir: i am sorry for responding to Apocalyptics insult with the word ignorance that included you then, my appology
if you are going to tell me I am wrong then the same. it is an open problem, neighter of us are confirmed correct, and it is not what we were talkinga bout which is LN
thufir: GreenIsMyPepper: were you at all saying that the intended malleability feature is actually needed for your proposal?
gmaxwell: Your comments have repeadly been of the form "strong opinion BECAUSE MAGIC" and you've responded adversarily to attempts to decide or demystify the magic. It's your own perogative if you want to behave that way, but this is the wrong venue for that.
thufir: that didnt' contribute. ignored
gmaxwell: thufir: Whats your goal in here? I'm having trouble constructing a rational mental model for your antagonizing me, you realize what result this is going to have-- right?
thufir: not sure what value you are if this is the way you act, so no loss to ignore you. you included kanzure. although you had almost redeemed yourself since we last spoke
&lt;GMAXWELL BANS THUFIR&gt;
@_date: 2015-08-05 02:42:30
Hehe, agreed about the naming scheme of pdfs :P
However, that was not my paper, but one of the early ones I put into the design of my system.
I am glad that you are working on not just decentralized storage, but a different design -- because I think we as a community should try all designs that are viable. While I have calculated that what I have figured out is the best :) I could be wrong, and we should try all worthy designs. Also I see viability in many different incompatible designs. Therefor, instead of infighting inside a project, each project should just move forward trying one of the viable ideas. Extra devs can gravitate towards what is best for their skills or what they think is the most likely to succeed. Then in the end, it is not about one project or another winning, it is about the end result being a really well working solution coming out of at least one of them, and the wider world wins!
@_date: 2015-07-22 22:49:15
 / April 17th 2015
I am thufir.
@_date: 2015-07-22 22:28:49
Gregory Maxwell is a bad person. His attitude, his stubbornness, his immaturity, and the fact that he banned me from the  channel because I did not agree with his errors and I all I was doing was asking the channel for info on work being done on transaction malleability for the purpose of myself implementing bitcoin microtransactions to help Bitcoin. I was only ever completely polite, he banned me because I simply wouldn't agree with his erroneous opinion as truth. It has been many months and I am still banned. Banning big brains working for the good of Bitcoin from the  channel is Maxwell's style. His personality makes the core team look bad.
@_date: 2015-08-16 01:33:12
Build it on top of my DHT so I can concentrate on the DHT:
Look at Dmail that I invented. The underlying invention Dpush/TargetedBlock is likely the magic ingredient to make your idea FLY.
@_date: 2015-07-26 18:37:35
On the contrary. Bitcoin is indeed anonymous if you do not actively give away your identity by using it incorrectly. That said, it is highly difficult to do so and we could certainly use (Re: need) some improvements to make it dead simple to use correctly in that regard; hence my project.
@_date: 2015-09-01 04:15:54
The custom modifications are not as you are assuming. The only change to the security layer is that I removed all lower security ciphers so that only the highest available is there, so as to prevent downgrade attacks.
The custom modifications I am really referring to in the text you mention is the high level protocol modifications which have nothing to do with the low level encryption and authentication layers. All I did was remove the rwindow mechanism to vastly improve the speed, this is a common approach that is also known as the high performance ssh patch. Another and unique modification I did was to enhance the channel protocol so that there is no round trip to open a channel, I call it implicit channels.
I have not implemented any encryption algorithms myself, but use proven and already available libraries, mainly pycrypto. The combination or algorithms that I do are all best practices found in various different products, and are provably safe with just logic. I have a high understanding of what is going on with the crypto.
@_date: 2015-09-01 20:38:28
As far as anyone who admits knows, RSA is as secure as anything known. What you may be thinking of is that the keysize of RSA needs to be many times larger than with ECC - which is a less understood and scrutinized crypto. Not that I am against moving to ECC in the future; however, to simplify dependencies in the current implementation, MORPHiS uses RSA-4096. This means that while the keys are huge, it is also as secure as any of the standard size curves being used. I am eagerly awaiting quantum proof crypto of course :)
NOTE: The inevitability of the world brain is not in question due to quantum computers. Because you then also have to realize: quantum cryptography!
@_date: 2015-09-01 15:14:13
Why would that be a red flag? It was a pretty awesome service while it was possible. It helped make bitcoin take off by providing a real tangible good that you could buy with it when the only alternative was alpaca socks :) It had to shut down because the USA, where the main part was hosted, passed a law requiring logs to be kept, and thus what was being offered could not honestly be offered safely anymore, which was anonymous web and email hosting. There were not any mature VM hosts in Canada at the time, so the web service had to be discontinued. The email accounts however were hosted in Canada and some users continued using theirs, free of charge, for years after. Anyone who has sent an email to the various {admin,root,sales,Etc} addresses (which have always remained active) asking for any funds they had deposited have received them. That poster on bitcoin talk is a liar. No such request was ever received by such a user. No fake requests were ever made and thus none denied. There are only a few accounts with the total of a low double digit amount remaining. If anyone would like their remaining funds, as usual, send an email -- or better, Dmail ;) -- with an SHA-512 hash of your user name, and a SHA-512 hash of your "username+password", and an address you want to withdraw to. If they match the account table from the database that was saved, you will receive your funds.
[MORPHiS]( and [Dmail]( are the next generation anonymous web and mail hosting. It is done now in a way that no utterance of any tyrant is going to be able to interfere with our inherent right to secure, private, and uncensorable communication bestowed upon us by the Creator!
See for yourself, I invite you to audit the technology: [Dpush White Paper](
@_date: 2016-05-19 10:13:11
Already doing that:  and 