@_author: morticleporticle
@_date: 2015-11-02 19:01:29
The usual way:  
@_date: 2015-11-02 20:19:02
Awesome!  Man, I hope I'm wrong.  I have a solution to the trust issue.  Shouldn't be a big deal at all.  
Since the main thought is that Blockstream funded the development of the lightning network and wants to reap the financial benefits of being a first mover in this technology at the expense of the bitcoin network and it's miners, it would be really easy to dismiss this by getting a list of the people/companies that invested in Blockstream and all the developers currently employed by them.   I'm sure they'd be happy to do that.  Also, if they could just let us know individually what they were hoping to achieve, that would be great as well.  It sounds like they are very altruistic and they need to be celebrated for the benefit to humanity they have created.
Also, once we have that list and we proceed with the lightning network, we should ensure that none of the investors are associated with the Chinese company that is set up as the first mover in this space.  In fact, the developers should just publicly help this Chinese company since the Chinese have the largest share of miners which could be negatively impacted.  
This is perfect.  I'm also sure that since the Blockstream investors and developers are so keen to be altruistic they wouldn't mine opening up their bank accounts to the public so we can ensure this Chinese company isn't funding them in any way other than normal developer salaries.
This sounds perfect!  Let's get on it.  Altruism like this should be celebrated.  
@_date: 2015-11-02 12:40:58
The guy is a wolf in sheep's clothing.  I have also witnessed him bashing Andreas in the bitcoin irc channel.  Basically anyone that doesn't support his views is fair game for everyone there and imo everyone here.  The mods here are all on his side.  I think something sneaky is up with the Lightning network personally.  
They likely just want to control Bitcoin entirely and funnel a lot of profit via the Lightning network to companies they represent.  I don't know enough technically on that front but the motivations and behaviors just seem strange 
to me.  
Edit:  When I said bashing, I should have been more specific.  I mean it was like hatred.  It made no sense.  It was far more than just saying he was technically not up to par.  That is actually how he's trying to smooth it over now but it really just seemed so bizarre.  Everyone in that channel did.  Anyhow, don't believe me.  Go to the  channel on IRC and find out for yourself.  Those guys can't help it.  You'll see.  They have HUGE egos.  They'll behave badly and you'll see.
@_date: 2015-11-02 12:54:19
How in the hell do you read this thing?  I see the legend but I really can't make sense of it.
Hourhand  Blocks per Revolution  	210,000
The Unit at the top is 420,000?
@_date: 2015-11-02 18:57:10
I just like these guys.  I can't explain it.  I think they just work hard.  
I fucking hate Zuckerberg.  I think he's scum that stole an idea and what they don't show you in the movie is he had a TON of investors at the ready to make Facebook happen.   He's not self made.   I know the Winksters aren't entirely either but, damn, at least they appear honorable.  
I hope these guys make more money than GOD and release a movie called Fuck Your Social Network Bitch.
@_date: 2015-11-02 23:33:19
Bingo!  Bingo!  Bingo!  This is the question everyone needs to ask.  They are NOT doing this for the cool points.
@_date: 2015-11-02 23:29:28
I have a solution to the trust issue. Shouldn't be a big deal at all.  
Since the main thought is that Blockstream funded the development of the lightning network and wants to reap the financial benefits of being a first mover in this technology at the expense of the bitcoin network and it's miners, it would be really easy to dismiss this by getting a list of the people/companies that invested in Blockstream and all the developers currently employed by them. I'm sure they'd be happy to do that. Also, if they could just let us know individually what they were hoping to achieve, that would be great as well. It sounds like they are very altruistic and they need to be celebrated for the benefit to humanity they have created.
Also, once we have that list and we proceed with the lightning network, we should ensure that none of the investors are associated with the Chinese company that is set up as the first mover in this space. In fact, the developers should just publicly help this Chinese company since the Chinese have the largest share of miners which could be negatively impacted.  
This is perfect. I'm also sure that since the Blockstream investors and developers are so keen to be altruistic they wouldn't mine opening up their bank accounts to the public so we can ensure this Chinese company isn't funding them in any way other than normal developer salaries.
This sounds perfect! Let's get on it. Altruism like this should be celebrated.