@_author: mortar924
@_date: 2017-08-27 11:16:03
Ledger supports it now.
But you have to choose between "legacy" and "segwit".
I think it would be better to just add receiving and change segwit adresses to the existing wallet, so that the transition is more seamless.
@_date: 2019-04-27 10:58:35
Why not? 
But isnt Brave just Chromium+Addblock+BAT?
They could also just fork Chromium right?
@_date: 2017-04-20 09:45:00
It depends on the purpose.
If you want to give away some free bitcoin, this is a way to do it.
People can sweep the bitcoins into their wallets.
And the good thing is, the bitcoin on paperwallets that havent been emptied arent lost. 
Since you do have the private keys, you can sweep them yourself a year later or so.
But there are downsides:
* transaction fees are easily 0.2mbtc these days. And you have to pay that twice, once you sweep it and once you spend it. unless you sweep several wallets in once transaction.So litecoin or ethereum would be a better choice right now.
* some people might scan the adress and not empty it
* you cant see wether a paperwallet is empty or full, unless you scan it.
So if you want the paperwallets to be used as a medium of exchange, the security feature would have to be that the private key is not visible, and its visibile once its been used.
Maybe like a scratch lottery ticket. 
But establishing the idea of exchanging scratch paper wallets would open the door for scammers
@_date: 2018-02-08 23:12:44
He keeps calling Bitcoin "Bitcoin Core".
Its called Bitcoin, not Bitcoin something.
@_date: 2017-05-06 08:07:04
I totally agree.
Smart Contracts can do things on the blockchain, and they can respond to things on the blockchain, thats it.
 Any "Smartcontract" that responds to anything that is not on the blockchain is a "dumb contract".
And in my opinion thats 99% of the smart contract ideas.
As soon as the contract involves a piece of land, a house, a car, charging a battery, investing in a commodity -ANYTHING that is not on the blockchain-, there is someone outside of the blockchain that is authorized to feed the smartcontract the information.
Which means: Its not trustless. Its pointless.
RWE, big german energy company:
Has some great bullshit ideas for ther charging stations.
The car is not on the blockchain.
The electricity is not on the blockchain.
The charging station is not on the blockchain.
So the "smart contract" is completely blind. It relies 100% on the honesty of the participants.
So, even if OP doesnt have an IT background, he does better blockchain thinking than huge companies like RWE do. 
@_date: 2017-05-06 14:42:05
I thought about it again. Smartcontracts involving things outside of the blockchain are not completely useless.
They are good if all parties involved can agree upon the trustworthyness of a party that provides information to the blockchain.
Gambling is one apllication, because random numbers do occur on the blockchain.
Also if there was a reliable party that enters sports game outcomes into the blockchain, then someone else could make sportsbet contracts and you dont have to trust him, just trust the sports games outcome recording party. 
But there is always an element of trust involved and there is definitely a lot of room for scamming people and also for "blockchain"-hype. 
Like the RWE car battery charging stations. They dont tell us how "Blockchain" is going to make that more efficient. The idea is laughable because decentralized technology is actually less efficient if you dont need its advantages anyway. I think RWE cant tell us what blockchain in that context is good for because they dont know it themselfes. I guess someone sold a blockchain idea to them that solves a problem that doesnt need blockchains at all.
@_date: 2017-06-14 09:46:01
"A chart showing miners revenue divided by the number of transactions."
That would only translate into costs of transaction if the current hashrate was a requirement for bitcoin to run, but it isnt.
The Hashrate will allways be as high as mining reward + transaction fees can buy. That doesnt mean transaction fees have to compensate block rewards though. We can live with less hashpower.
@_date: 2017-06-02 12:19:35
So your goal is to make sure that the first transaction goes through and therefore the second doesnt.
1. You could try to bump the fee of the first transaction. ("Replace by fee") Electrum can do that, but only if you checked the "replace by fee" box for the first transaction.
2. You could make a second transaction that spends outputs from the first transaction, with a high fee, so that if a miner mines both transactions, the average fee across the too is high enough. ("child pays for parent"). If you spend the whole balance, thats not an option.
3. Your Boyfriend could spend the unconfirmed coins you send him, with a high fee. If Electrum doesnt allow that, you might try mycelium instead. Mycelium cant import electrum seeds, but he could use electrum to show the reiceiving adresses private key, than scan it with mycelium and spend it with a high fee, to himself or to you.
Some Bitcoin nodes will drop transactions with low fees, some will relay them. So different electrum servers and different wallets might show or not show these transactions.
So maybe you could try reimporting your electrum seed into electrum or restart electrum a few times and if both transactions dont show up anymore, you could just spend your bitcoins again, this time with a high fee, so that the 2 other transactions are impossible for good.
Or you could scan one of your spending adresses private key with mycelium and if it doesnt show a transaction in mycelium, spend it with mycelium. 
@_date: 2017-06-02 12:21:00
what is your boyfriend using as a wallet?