@_author: moses_the_red
@_date: 2015-12-08 20:04:54
What do you think happened when prospectors in the 1850s stumbled upon a gold mine?
@_date: 2015-12-08 20:35:35
But you KNOW that people have already done that with Bitcoin. 
I'm just pointing out that the world isn't fair, and that the people that get big rewards aren't necessarily deserving. Lots of people "Build and make" stuff. Lots of people make stuff that's much more impressive than a social media web app or shitty operating system for a computer that was expected to sell just okay. 
The world doesn't judge how you make your money, and there's not that much of a correlation between what you do and what you get. 
Zuckerberg is likely richer than anyone that ever discovered a cure for a disease, which is a far more impressive feat than making another web app where your friends can post cat videos. 
@_date: 2015-12-08 20:39:27
Are you implying that it would be "fair" for everyone that bought a bitcoin to be handed a million dollars?
This has happened before man. 
People bought stock in Apple, or Microsoft early on. They just got lucky. 
Having people buy shit, and have it become worth a ton of money is not something new in the world. 
I'm not saying that bitcoin will be worth a million dollars. I don't know, but I know its more likely to happen than winning the lottery, and the world permits such things.
@_date: 2015-12-08 20:29:39
People get rich for stupid reasons all the time. 
There is no arbiter of what makes sense and what doesn't. The economy does what it will.
Zuckerberg got rich off of a fairly simple web app, billions and billions rich. If Zuckerberg had not existed, social media would still exist. We might have got it a month later, or 3 months later or eve 6 months later, but it was going to happen. It would not have taken years.
Bill Gates was handed the rights to operating systems on PCs. 
There is little rhyme or reason to why some people get rich. People assume its competence and hard work, but that isn't necessarily true. A lot of it is blind luck, when it comes to the hyper rich, I'd go so far as to say that blind luck tends to be the rule, not the exception. 
 Assholes have already made a ton of money through bitcoin for having done essentially nothing. They will continue to do so. Other stupid shit will appear, and more assholes will get rich for it. 
The just world hypothesis or just world fallacy explains why people believe that getting rich is mostly hard work and effort. It doesn't seem "fair" that people get rich for having done so little, so people make up a myth that it takes hard work and dedication and all kinds of good qualities. 
In truth, the world is chaos and shit just happens. 
@_date: 2015-12-08 20:48:54
I think that when people talk about exceptional growth with bitcoin, they're talking about what would happen if it became the dominant world currency. 
The total world GDP is 77 trillion dollars. 
If one tenth of that were held as bitcoins, each bitcoin would be worth about 1/3 of a billion dollars. 
Of course my math is way off, but if its even within a couple orders of magnitude of being right, then if bitcoin becomes a dominant or major currency, a lot of people are going to get filthy rich, and a million dollars per bitcoin is likely not out of the question.
@_date: 2016-01-28 14:25:01
In addition to the technological and ease of use improvements described already by mcr55. 
There's been a tripling of transactions per day in a little over 2 years. 
Now, assuming that bitcoin successfully get through its current growing pains, and sees say, another doubling. You'll be looking at about a half million transactions a day, or about 10x the real value of the Mt. Gox bubble.  If this happens, bitcoin will have proven two things. 
1. It can handle both technical and community/social challenges to the system.
2. It is actually useful. Hard to ignore a half million transactions a day.
At that point, it has real value. Both of these events should occur in 2016. If you're skeptical, then look for the million transactions per day mark, which, assuming the trend graph holds, should occur in 2017. 
At some point, investors are going to realize that all the properties that made Bitcoin seem so valuable in 2013 are not only still there, but are undergoing rapid exponential growth. Once that happens, bitcoin will receive another huge influx of investment. 
Investments are rarely valued at their "real" worth. Companies in many sectors are priced at 20-50x revenue for instance. Once bitcoin appears to be something that is happening, and will happen in the eyes of the world's investors, it will not just be valued at what its currently worth to the world, it will quickly be valued for what it could be as well. 
And bitcoin could be very big indeed. Combined global wealth is 241 trillion dollars. If 1% of that were ever captured as bitcoins, each coin would be worth 1.2 million dollars. If 1000th of that were captured as bitcoins, its still 120,000 per coin.
So bitcoin could be the best investment we'll ever see. The 20 year outlook on bitcoin looks more like lottery winnings than an investment. 
@_date: 2016-01-28 01:14:02
This. 
IF bitcoin is to be successful, it will be valued far higher than its actually worth long before it becomes anything close to a major currency. 
There will be a tide of investment, which will fuel interest and usage, which will fuel investment.
I think the last major bitcoin rush happened when there really wasn't anything to bitcoin, it had very little intrinsic value then. The next one will happen after Bitcoin has more or less established itself, and when it comes it will likely be extremely strong. 
I intend to buy for the foreseeable future. 