@_author: motherofpus
@_date: 2016-08-21 19:22:48
Haha, jokes on you. I'm in the coffee business! That'll be $40 please.
@_date: 2018-01-17 15:24:00
You want it to be universal but you want it to be exclusive.
It’s a true hipsters dilemma.
@_date: 2015-06-17 20:37:51
I read it as a guy throwing a second water ฿alloon against a wall.
Is Plan B a BBQ? I sure hope so!
@_date: 2015-06-29 20:59:56
When we were in Jr. High School my friend got a gold star on his quiz for saying the Bering Strait meant "not turning."
This reminds me of that moment.
@_date: 2014-02-25 19:46:06
I'd agree with that. I don't think the intent of the Mysterious Dr X that invested it was necessarily as a Ponzi scheme. However, I don't think I'd say the same for many of the the current holders of Bitcoin on this very forum who use the the politics of paranoia, ridicule, hyperbole etc. (all the usual shit) to promote an investment that they themselves own. 
There's a catch 22 with Bitcoin, either it's volatile as hell, with all the attendant attention, hype, get rich quick schemes, etc. which make it useless as a currency. Or it's stable and boring, enabling the moderate utility at actually has, like secure transactions, low txn costs, etc, but everyone ignores it.
@_date: 2014-01-30 17:04:17
Thanks you very much for not calling me an idiot, and for providing some solid pointers to where I may start looking to understand this point of view. It remains very counter-intuitive to me, but I encounter such passionate and confident opinions about it that I am at least curious to understand the basis for them. 
Regarding the Atkeson &amp; Kehoe finding. I am certainly not claiming that runaway inflation will support an economy anymore that spiraling deflation. Out of control inflation is also a deterrent to investment. Investment wants some degree of predictability, or at least to be paid for the lack of it.
For my part, I am trying not get so attached to a single insight that I lose sight of how complicated economic systems are. Unfortunately, we do not have a sterile economic laboratory where we can isolate variables and find true cause and effect. Therefore, the passion and confidence, not to mention contempt and ridicule in this sub can cause me to roll my eyes. I'm old enough to have been belittled by dot com investors, house flippers, and gold bugs. If I were older, I would no doubt have been ridiculed by tulip growers. 
It's understandable that people who have need incredible gains in their bitcoin holdings in the past year or two are excited. The flipside is that during this same period bitcoin as a currency certainly has not stayed within the 3-5% deflation rate bracket you cited as a not so scary figure. There is speculation and hope in this very thread that bitcoin will shoot up to $100,000, also far outside the 3-5% bracket. Looking at bitcoin as a currency, it is most certainly in a deflationary spiral. My comment was that these two functions are contradictory. The very thing that is causing bitcoin to gain traction as a currency, the buzz it is getting from its rate of appreciation, makes it a poor currency.
Look at the excitement in this thread, ["yeah that sucks but I still have enough to never work again."]( That's great an all for that guy, but to me this points to a central problem with these fixed supply currency as asset systems like gold and bitcoin. This is a prejudice of course, but it seems to me like work should be the locus of value in an economy, not inert assets. If this guy is right about never having to work again (time will tell), his productivity and creativity have been removed from the economy. What's more, the resources bound up in that money are removed from the economy. If someone has the idea for the next iPhone, that person will have to go to someone beside him to invest because he is comfortable with his inert currency as the best place to keep his assets, thanks but no thanks. The more this happens the fewer opportunities there are for that guy with the new iPhone idea to get any funding. i know I am just repeating my original "error," but there it is, I've talked myself back to that conclusion.
In any case, thanks for the references. I will continue to read up on this interesting issue and most likely not buy any bitcoins myself. Will definitely check your dissertation if you post it.
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:09:27
I understand the moderate utility. I just think if bitcoin were an actual stock, the value of the utility it provides (secure, low cost transactions) does not justify the valuation. 
Why is that a hard and fast rule of a Ponzi scheme? To be fair, it isn't exactly a Ponzi scheme, that is true. But it's a nice approximation. When I read r/bitcoin, I try to substitute "stock x" for the word "bitcoin" and then see if what the person was saying would raise any red flags in that case. Are they promoting an investment that they hold without disclosure of that fact? Are they using fear, ridicule, and impenetrable jargon to try to convince you that you'd be a fool not to buy? Are they defensive about criticism of the investment? I'm saying people get away with shit on this subreddit that would get them laughed out of any other investment-oriented forum, and they are using the techniques used by participants in a  Ponzi scheme. And some people have gotten rich off bitcoin hype while others have lost their shirts. Reddit is a powerful platform for hype. It may be no accident that the latest bitcoin explosion just as reddit exploded into popular awareness. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:34:49


Congrats. The point is it is useless as a safe haven, until it magically stabilizes per your predictions. Based on what? "Market Saturation?" What is that supposed to be? It's not an iphone. No one is going to buy 2 iphones. But what's your saturation point for bitcoins?


The fuck? I am continuing the taxation metaphor you started. You called inflation a tax. I am saying, if it is a tax, then it is a tax on the act of hoarding.


Who is talking about hyperinflation? (It is hilarious to talk about the hyperinflationary boogieman of fiat currency in comparison to bitcoin, which has been *actually* careening between hyperinflation and hyperdeflation for its entire existence...) 
I'm not sure what is confusing about this. When a loaf of bread costs a dollar more than it used to, the person buying the bread pays more, the person making and selling the bread earns more. No magic involved. It only kills savings if that savings is held in cash. This is relevant to only a very small number of people, and even for those people - most of their savings will be in one of the myriad investments that hedge against inflation.


Bitcoin isn't a gamble? No, I forgot, bitcoin is magic. The safe, stable refuge of extreme volatility we see before us.
But, I guess sure, I'm saying they should pay a moderate tax. You are saying they should be rewarded with more money for hoarding resources in an electronic pit. Why? What service are they providing that is worth such a reward?
@_date: 2014-02-15 02:23:22
This is pretty central to why bitcoin seems like the most anti-capitalist scheme I can imagine. Where is the efficient allocation of resources in this model?
@_date: 2014-01-28 11:57:56
Shit like this makes me skeptical of bitcoin. Its like money, but for assholes.
@_date: 2014-01-28 11:46:03
This seems willfully retarded. I have recurring payments attached to my credit card. I don't want to approve every transaction. I review my statement and schedule a payment. If someone doesn't ship what they billed for I can protest the charge. It's worked out pretty well so far. I rarely need to, but if I have a liquidity problem I can pay less than the total and let the balance carry over.
@_date: 2014-01-28 11:55:40
I think it's pretty widely understood that you should not use debit cards that are attached to your bank account for shady transactions. I have a credit card specifically for online transactions for this reason. I can dispute after the fact. If you can't get a credit card (though it it easier now than ever before) bitcoin does seem like an interesting option. There are also prepaid cards that allow you to set aside a specific dollar amount for the transaction. 
What's the procedure with bitcoin if you buy a stereo online and someone sends you a box of tin cans?
@_date: 2014-01-30 14:09:00


That's not how a loan works.
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:48:51
This is why I think bitcoin is a ponzi scheme.
@_date: 2014-01-28 15:15:43
What do you mean by process, like computer process or third party service? How do I know if I trust this process more than the credit card companies? By the way, I don't trust the CC companies, I read the terms and review my bill. (Actually I don't really do that because I  am lazy, but I could.) What if the amount varies? What if it is a heating bill I can't quite cover but would like to pay in installments? Why better? I've used credit cards for this purpose for 22 years without much hassle at all. What recourse do I have with bitcoin if the merchant does not deliver the promised goods?
@_date: 2014-01-30 15:18:02
I'm interested to hear the reasoning. I try to understand how that's supposed to work, but this sub seems to be more interested in calling people like me an idiot. 
@_date: 2014-02-15 02:21:14
That's a really smart analogy.
@_date: 2014-03-14 19:40:14
Ah, the bitcoin utopia: get rich by magic while providing no discernible benefit to the world, then evade taxation on the gains.
@_date: 2014-02-15 02:12:33
Anyone invested in something, who doesn't welcome and relish criticism, dissection, nay-saying, and dismissal of that thing, is a fool or a shill.
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:28:15
Your safe haven just lost half its value in a few months.
I'm familiar with the hidden tax argument. But who is burying cash in their back yard, gaining no interest, funding no productive venture, benefiting no one, and coming back 100 years later to cash in? It's pretty disingenuous to present this scary 96% figure over a time span that is relevant to no one. In fact, most regular people are earning and then spending money fairly rapidly, so the effects of diminishing purchasing power are completely meaningless to regular people. Besides, every dollar lost in purchasing power is gained in earning power - like kind of by definition. There can be a tax on people in the form of wage stagnation, but such stagnation can also be viewed as incentive to change jobs, innovate, find what is needed in society and take it on.
But let's talk about that tax some more. If cash is inflating (moderately), people who hold cash are encouraged to invest that cash into productive ventures (or deposit it into a bank and allow the bank to invest), those with greater risk tolerances may choose riskier ventures with greater potential payoff. If something is too risky with too little potential payoff, the venture doesn't get funding. These investors are providing a fantastic service to all of us, known as capitalism. They individually contribute their reasoning, analysis, and expertise, to decide which ventures will get funded and go forward. Collectively they form the engine for efficient allocation of resources. They take on risk to provide this service and they get rewarded for it.
Lets say bitcoin were a safe haven. What service is there to anyone in sequestering your money in a hole in the ground? Why do we wish to reward this activity? Why should we be concerned if these activities get "taxed" by the mechanism use to encourage participation in capitalism?
Now, I don't see any need to overtly "punish" commodities hoarders, but I certainly don't see any virtue in it. People evidently see some kind of value in Bitcoin. Personally, right now I think the value is the hope it could take off again and they'd get rich for doing nothing other than being in the right place at the right time. Great for them. hell I wish I had done it. But we can't base an economy around winning the lottery.
@_date: 2014-01-30 13:54:01
I've said before, these two purposes are completely at odds. Bitcoin needs to be one or the other.
An asset that is climbing in value is a horrible currency. It's a currency that is in a deflationary spiral. Why would anyone use bitcoins to invest in productive ventures when they get a better return holding the bitcoins themselves? How is capitalism supposed to function with no capital investment?
In fact, currencies need the opposite. They need to slowly decrease in value relative to goods and services (moderate inflation). This encourages those with cash to put it to work in the economy to get a return on investment.
When capital is flowing into non-productive, sequestered  "stores of wealth" the economy starts to come crumble. It is profoundly anti-capitalist.
@_date: 2014-01-29 20:12:30
Thanks for the measured response.
I do like that explanation of the bundled services. I suppose the flipside is having to patch together the individual services as needed and immediately at the time they are needed. That would require some investment of time to research and assemble and there would be costs associated with each service, whether it is charged by a third party vendor or bundled into my electricity bill and ISP subscription fee. I hate cable TV bundling because I watch only ever watch 3 channels. However, there will never be a time when I suddenly 'need' to watch one of the other channels. This is not true of some of the CC company's bundled services. 
Because I pay to zero every month, the only way the CC company usually makes money from me is via txn fees charged to the merchants and embedded in the price of the item. If bitcoin is truly cheaper for them, I would expect to see bitcoin discounts popping up to encourage the use. However, I would personally be disappointed if I lose the option to pay with a credit card. I like this particular bundle of services, and bitcoin is far too volatile for me to consider as a medium of exchange. Though clearly it makes sense for some people. 
I have recently been wading through in an effort to understand the appeal. Often I am wading against a pretty strong current of what I consider to be bizarre anarcho-libertarian ideas about the meaning of money to get at some small kernals of what appear to be real utility, as you have pointed out above.
So far I am of the opinion that bitcoin need to become either a speculative asset or a medium of exchange. Those are absolutely conflicting purposes. It became famous when its value as an asset exploded, but an asset that is inflating in value is a deflationary medium of exchange. As with any deflating currency, it makes capitalism impossible. Why would anyone put capital to work if they are gaining value just by letting it sit in their wallet? If no one puts capital to work, the economy goes to shit. 
The recent nosedive is similarly awful as it is the equivalent of hyperinflation when bitcoin is seen as a currency.
What you want is low but steady inflation and (this makes most sense to me, anyway) the ability to tweak the money supply to adjust the rate of inflation as the business cycle waxes and wanes. I think this is pretty much what we have gotten over the past 100 years with fiat money and the fed.
Moderate inflation puts pressure on those sitting on capital to invest back into the economy, creating jobs, investing in the creativity and willingness of their community. It assumes that value is created by work, not by the scarcity of an arbitrary sparkly thing sequestered in a safe or an e-wallet. I honestly cannot understand what makes people so freaked out by it.
Finally, I have a huge red flag for people who champion an asset which they personally hold. This is a major MO of and people should  look up pump and dump stock scams to get an idea what is going on here. The shit is shameful.
@_date: 2014-01-30 20:11:44
Ah, I was confused by what you meant... umm, kid.
@_date: 2017-01-21 20:08:32
Question pinkly alligator up forehead spittoon marmot?
@_date: 2018-02-05 04:34:54
Can’t happen? It is literally happening right now.
@_date: 2018-03-19 14:38:59
And no mosquitoes! 
Edit: and cake! Lots of cake.
@_date: 2018-11-25 04:01:15
Yes it does. You couldn’t use it to buy those things then and you still can’t now. Zero = zero.
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:33:22
If I had a store of grain as good as gold has been a store of wealth I wouldn’t have survived the winter.
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:30:23
You’re right. BTC to usd is not a measure of inflation. It’s the best proxy we have though  because 1. Usd has a relatively stable price relationship to goods and services. And B2. You can’t buy many goods and services directly with BTC.
@_date: 2018-02-02 21:15:50
Start ups don’t want your money. They don’t want uninformed people bitching st them when things don’t go as planned. 
@_date: 2018-11-25 14:58:07
Ye but joke.
@_date: 2018-02-05 08:19:58
But that’s not what inflation is.
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:45:47
So the dictionary writers are in on it too? This conspiracy goes deep.
But seriously, the relationship between monetary expansion and price inflation is probably the very first thing people learn about inflation. It’s literally the first cause mentioned in the paragraph on causes of price inflation in Wikipedia. 
But yes, rephrased, what you are saying is that without monetary expansion, we run the risk of deflation. Everyone knows this. And deflation has well known shitty consequences. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:23:22
When people commonly talk about inflation, they mean price inflation. Monetary inflation would be purely academic and of little interest to anyone except for its relationship to price inflation. It’s not intentionally misleading, it’s just that inflation needs to modify something to be specific. You can have balloon inflation also. I’ve usually heard monetary inflation called monetary expansion, partially to distinguish it from price inflation, which is what people actually mean when they say inflation. Monetary inflation can be associated and can cause price inflation, but it is not the only factor, as is perfectly demonstrated by the price inflation happening right now with bitcoin. (Though the exchange rate with USD is not a measure of BTC inflation, it is a good proxy for a basket of goods and services that could be bought with BTC if you could buy anything with BTC.)
@_date: 2018-02-02 19:36:41
JFC, when will this meme die?
@_date: 2018-02-05 04:43:03
What are you talking about? A currency losing value is inflation. That’s the definition of inflation.
@_date: 2018-02-02 21:03:34
Ah yes, excellent “store of wealth.”
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:18:10
Where do you get these ideas?