@_author: motsu35
@_date: 2018-01-18 22:59:45
nah, use a proper editor like ed
@_date: 2018-01-16 21:26:22
still waiting to buy one... i really hope they can get the XMR app on the nano s. regardless, i would buy a blue if it supported it, i just dont need the blue, and prefer the simplicity of the nano.
@_date: 2018-01-24 01:37:23
Check out gemini, a lot of people recommend it. I use it was one of my primary exchanges, it has a limited amount of currencies (only bitcoin and etherium), but it stays up, exchanges are fast, and you can instantly buy coins once you initiate a bank transfer, they just dont let you withdraw until the transfer clears.
I havent had to deal with customer service yet, so cant say much about that, but they are FDIC insured for the usd in the account 
@_date: 2018-01-20 02:19:34
in the process of syncing to main net if someone wants to do this :)
@_date: 2018-01-18 23:07:06
If you just do one transaction it doesnt really benefit, but if you do a transaction, then the party you paid goes and spends your coins on another lightning node, when the coins are released its one tx on main net where your coins end up going to the final party.
if you were to do multiple transactions (say, you buy a daily coffee), then after a week the channel closes, it will be 1 tx for those 7 coffees. 
there isnt really an escrow, it instead relies on multi sig transactions. you have coins in your lightning wallet. when you make a transaction, you sign the transaction and one of the signitures goes to the party you are paying. one stays with you. the third goes onto the lightning network in case a settlement needs to be made. you need 2 of the signatures to close out the channel and distribute coins. if everything goes well, you and the person you paid will close the channels with your two signatures and everything will be good. In the event someone tries to dash off with the coins and not settle up, the 3rd signature on the network will be used to check that coins really should be sent, and then the network consensus will be to transfer your coins regardless... though theres a delay to this process, hence why the two parties agreeing is preferred. 
think of it like opening a tab at a bar, paying is a long process, so you just keep track of your drinks. at the end of the night you just pay once. just through the power of crypto the bartender cant spend money you dont authorize by ordering drinks, and you cant lie about the drinks you ordered.
@_date: 2018-05-07 06:18:36
Any time I'm buying or selling things peer to peer (such as a buy sell group at work) I always offer crypto options (bitcoin or monero for me), and usually throw in an extra 5 or 10 bucks if they choose crypto 
@_date: 2018-05-04 21:23:14
Eh, i dont think this is true. The inception of bitcoin was around the 2008 financial crisis and the bank bailouts. The point was to create a currency that couldnt be gamed by a governing body. If everyone was their own bank, then there couldnt be a government bailout, nor could the minting speed be arbitrarily adjusted to control the economic velocity.
bitcoin succeeded in that. The fact that people store their money in bitcoin means that they assume the expected earnings to be better than traditional stores of value. (aka, that they don't assume they will have net losses, and that the value of their wealth will increase at a faster rate than traditional stores of value like CD accounts and stocks). These are good things. 
@_date: 2018-05-31 17:09:23
You sound fun.
@_date: 2018-05-15 05:53:08
Uh, what? You still need consensus to fork. If people in the majority disagreed then the hard fork would fail... Just as the many failed bitcoin forks.
When the alt coins said they would fork with the threat of asic's the people mining and running full nodes agreed with that and thus are generally OK with the fork. 
@_date: 2018-05-31 17:16:35
yeah, no...
i mean, im sure people will buy it, but generally these atx form factor boards are not worth it. MSRP is normally much higher on them per gpu than an alternative board... plus they require riser cards which are generally 50 bucks or so for 6 if you look at amazon prices. so thats another 150 or so on top of the motherboard price. to make matters worse, they normally use ddr4 on these. they get real costly.
not going to give out free advertisement, but there are 12 gpu mobo's on alibaba that are powered completely off 12v (much cheaper psu's), and have all 12 slots as double spaced x16 size slots... so you can plug all your gpu's direct into the board. MUCH more cost effective
@_date: 2018-06-01 02:35:29
I use these personally  but the same company now has a 12 gpu version.
@_date: 2019-06-25 19:45:43
ok, so you need two different things, an exchange (to buy bitcoin) and a wallet (to hold bitcoin).
you should NEVER keep any substantial amount of btc in an exchange. bitcoin is very secure as a protocol, but anyone that has access to your bitcoin wallet can spend them. this means if you keep them in an exchange and someone is able to compromise the exchange, than any bitcoin stored in the exchanges wallets can be stolen. after you buy bitcoin you should move it to your own personal wallet, unless you plan on trying to trade it similar to day trading stocks (i dont recommend this). even then, only keep the amount you are trying to trade in the exchange. 
I use gemini and really enjoy the exchange. i have had no issues with them what so ever. If you do a cash deposit, you can buy bitcoin immediately before the deposit clears, they just hold the bitcoin from being able to be withdrawn until the bank transfer clears. you can also set up scheduled purchases, so if you want to buy $30 usd a week, you can schedule that for every monday, put some cash in the exchange, and then you dont have to worry about forgetting to buy each week. (again, remember to withdraw regularly). gemini is FDIC backed, but for cash only. if your usd is stolen, you are insured, however bitcoin stored in the exchange is not insured.
as far as what wallet to use, i have a ledger nano s and really love it. Its a physical hardware wallet. This means that the key needed to send bitcoin is not on my computer, its in a little dongle i plug in. When i go to send bitcoin, i have to plug in my dongle, create the transaction on my computer, then confirm it with a pin on the dongle its self. this is the most secure way to keep your bitcoin since even having a virus on your computer means your bitcoin is safe (since the key to send them isn't accessible).
now, spending bitcoin from a hardware wallet can be cumbersome, so i use two other wallets, electrum (on the desktop) and mycilium (on android) as a hot wallet. I made my mycilium wallet, exported the key, and then imported it into electrum, meaning the funds in the wallet are accessible from both apps. i keep at most $100 in the hot wallet, so if i want to buy something while out and see a vendor accepts bitcoin, i can easily without having to mess with usb otg, or keying in a pin.
this is my setup and it works for me, its definitely more work than a simple wallet you spend everything from. If you are wanting to start simple, i recommend biting the bullet and spend the upfront cost to get a hardware wallet so you know your coins are safe, and just use that until you want more liquidity with your bitcoin. then investigate having a hot wallet similar to what i mentioned above.
@_date: 2019-12-15 09:41:38
It is done with an OTC (over the counter, essentially a 1:1 trade where you sell your coins directly to a buyer) service. you create an account, show them you have big bags, list what you are selling and for how much per coin. The broker then pairs you up with one or more buyers. The OTC service acts as an escrow, so you send the coin to the OTC, the buyer gives the money to you through the OTC, then they have the coins released to them.
A lot of large exchanges also have OTC services, since large sales would swing the cost of bitcoin, so using an OTC helps prevent that, as well as being a bit more under the radar. 
fun fact, in the very early days of bitcoin, the only way to buy and sell was through an OTC service ran out of an IRC chat room. there was a bot to help match buyers and sellers, and it was all based on trust. people would rate you after each transaction, and you would have to sign a message with your pgp key to validate it was you before you could post a listing in the room :)
@_date: 2019-12-17 09:28:04
Congrats! Always an exciting first step! 
A few things from someone who has been in the bitcoin game for a long time... Meme it up because its fun, but figure out your risk tolerance and don't dump money into crypro recklessly.
Once you start holding a decent amount of bitcoin, get a hardware wallet. Do your research, there are a few different options. I have been happy with a ledger nano s, but there are plenty, each with their pros and cons. Think of it as a savings account.
Create a hot wallet on your phone and your PC. (Your checking account / credit card). I exported the keys on my PC and imported it to my phone so I only have 1 hot wallet I can spend from either location.
Spend spend spend! Btc only has value if its used. A lot of online shops accept bitcoin, and there's normally a few people at farmers markers that accept bitcoin. Some shops in cities do as well. There are maps!
Personally, I regularly buy a small amount of bitcoin each week instead of one large purchase for long term investment, and any purchase that I make with btc I manually buy back that much in bitcoin, so essentially I'm just paying cash but through bitcoin. Even if you don't regularly buy, just replenish what you spend so you don't run into the scenario where you spend some bitcoin then the price goes up.
The multiple small purchases minimises risk with short term volatility, I believe its called cost averaging. Its good to look into if you see btc as an investment.
@_date: 2018-03-03 21:10:48
Swap has existed for ages. Also, not sure the memory footprint of eclair but you shouldn't assume something can't run on 2gb of memory just because of Java... 2gb of ram is a whole whole lot. 
@_date: 2018-03-02 20:49:04
you should have your 3d printer do all of the shell infill in one direction, after doing the acetone smoothing the texture in the gold would be more uniform :)
@_date: 2018-03-27 19:56:26
so... yes and no. you really need to do a lot of research and make your own opinion.
the better way about buying bitcoin is to average out how much you want to spend over time. i personally take a few hundred dollars out of each months pay check and average it out so i make 1 buy each week of a small amount. its a lot safer than to make 1 huge purchase and sitting on it hoping bitcoin goes up or down off of your single purchase value.
as far as bitcoin as a whole goes, the technology is getting better and better. segwit is being adopted more and more, as well as lightning starting to see the beginning stages of adoption. there is however a lot of misinformation still out there. while talking to some co-workers, they still believed that bitcoin had large fees, when currently you can get tx's to clear for &lt;0.20 usd. you need to understand that tech is not the only driving factor for adoption and value, so this matters a lot.
ninjaedit: have you looked into bitconnect? i hear its going to be amazing when bitconnectX comes out!
@_date: 2018-03-14 23:43:36
with robin hood you are fake investing in crypto... you can "buy" btc but you cant withdraw them... you can only trade back to cash and withdraw that.
the power of bitcoin is that you can control your money... online wallets (like robinhood) dont allow this. they hold onto it. its only your bitcoin if you have the private key. buy on an exchange and put it in electrum (wallet software). 
if you want to be paranoid or start holding big bucks... put it on a cold wallet or on a hardware wallet (such as the trezor or ledger nano s)
@_date: 2018-02-14 20:08:56
Alright OP, so i took a look at the website and i see a lot of people complaining that you have to pay for it and the features are similar to existing apps... so ill do something better and tell you what would get me to pay for something.
* setting watches on payment addresses. I dont want to have to enter each transaction. blockchains are public. I should be able to enter a wallet address i cash out my exchanges to, and have my portfolio manager automatically pull coins from that and put them into my account.
* having a section to enter mined coins. Most apps only support you buying coins
* going off the last point, i want to be able to enter the cost associated with a mining rig, and track hash rate / profit, see my break even point, and have that point adjust based on crypto value. Again, the app should see the wallet my pool is cashing out to, and track this for me. I should be able to mark when i sell coins and have the break even adjust (say i spend 4k on a rig, i cash out 1k but bitcoin is staying constant to the usd. the break even plot should be linear. bitcoin tanks, the 1k i cashed out should still apply, but the bitcoin i mined and was holding should now show a downward trend on the break even, with a 1k offset)
* a way to enter coins without an exchange. I do transactions in crypto. If i buy hardware i shouldnt have to bs my transaction into my portfolio app. I should be able to submit a one time transaction thats not a trading pair. (ie, i should be able to say +.1 btc to this wallet, OR +.1 btc to this wallet with a monetary value of 900 usd)
* tracking the cost of compute hardware as well would be nice. GPUs might as well be their own trading pair at this point... i want to know when prices go up and down on hardware for buying new mining rigs. have some kind of alert on this.
* android app :)
@_date: 2018-03-03 21:31:37
Ah yeah, you should check out some of the fancy filaments... They make gold abs, even some with metal particals in it so a slight sanding makes it look metallic 
@_date: 2018-02-14 21:05:59
WHAT AMIGONNA DOOO?!?!?!?
@_date: 2018-02-09 12:58:33
well, 1usd=1usd right? but the value of the usd changes when compared to the euro or the yen. the value of the usd changes over time, just like bitcoin too.
Sure, the changes are slower and a much smaller percentage, but its the same concept. 
when bitcoin stablizes out in price, it will be more of a 1:1 comparison
@_date: 2018-02-11 17:41:26
have met him in person, hes a great guy, real funny, and trolls in the best ways (ie, going to a bitcoin conference and shitting on peoples ICO's).
Monero is one of the few coins that is constantly improving its self and brings something new to the table. Do your own research, but its not a shitcoin
@_date: 2018-02-20 23:58:50
the english wordlist for bip 39 contains 2048 words. Though BIP 39 spec contains no max length, it looks like 12 words was commonly used, though some services used 24 words. ill give you the general formula and solve for length=12.
the last word is a checksum, so we can ignore that. so given 11 words, and we know 7 of them that means we need to guess 4 words (2048^4 ) which is 1.7592186e13 combinations. quite a lot. 
looking at the bip 39 spec:


so, each time we go to brute force a password, we will need to do a PBKDF2-HMAC-SHA512 with 2048 itterations. looking up some benchmarks, it appears that 8x gtx 1080's in hashcat gets about 3450.1 kH/s. not too shabby, however hashcat does 1000 itterations, rather than the bip 39's 2048. assuming this scales linearly, that would change it to (0.48828125 * 3450.1 kH/s = 1684.6 kH/s).
doing some maths... 1.7592186e13 hashes /1684600 h/s = 10442945.5064 seconds (to brute force the entire problem rage)
when doing a problem like this, the chances of you cracking the hash follows a [gaussian distribution]( so lets calculate how long it would take to be at 1 standard deviation (~84% likely)... 0.8413 *  10442945.5064 seconds = 8785650 seconds.
converting this to days, it looks like 101 days.
now, im not sure how the checksum word is used. it is very likely that the computational process is MUCH faster than 2048 rounds of PBKDF2, so you might be able to calculate all the possible valid words if you have the checksum, then only brute force the words that would produce the valid checksum. 
**tl;dr: the formula is (2048^(unknown length - 1) / hashrate) * 0.8413 to get the number of seconds to brute force with 84% certainty of finding the right hash**
*so lets say you do this... 8 1080's will give you about 6800 h/s for monero... which would make you 550 usd in the same time frame (assuming 0.08usd per kwh)*
@_date: 2018-02-14 11:50:47
so a long time ago in a universe not so far away a man proposed a new form of currency, he envisioned a world where no one would be beholden to banks or the corruption that monetary systems could bring... instead people would use an open system where everyone would keep each other in check and everyone would control their own money. 
This system slowly became adopted and more trust was put into the system, but there were flaws. some people considered it to be too slow. Thus, coins like litecoin were made. Each coin acted as a new revision of bitcoin. Ideas that worked well might eventually be adopted by bitcoin, or if not they would naturally gain market share. Each of these coins differentiated them self well. bitmonero, litecoin, feathercoin, bitcoin, so on... the only competition was the technical merit. 
but then the fire nation came... and by this, i mean one of those pesky adoptions i mentioned earlier. Bitcoin wasnt scaling well, with the limited block size, and the growing popularity, there wasnt enough space for all the transactions! a few not so smart people said "WELL! we just make the blocks bigger!". but... after some thinking, the majority replied "but at this rate, those blocks will be filled up soon as well! if we keep making blocks larger, eventually this wont scale, and the blockchain will be too large to maintain!" instead, this group of poeple thought to do what mp3 did to audio... use more efficient ways of storing the data to make the data smaller! and so they did... segwit was created and it reduced the size of transactions, as well as removing a fixed block size. But in this decision, which was adopted almost unanimously, someone saw an opportunity. Instead, they fought it and made their own bitcoin fork..
This fork was bitcoin cash. while there is no problem with a coin thinking it knows best and trying to do something different (just like litecoin did), bitcoin cash did something different. They instead gave no reason to why their scaling implementation was better. they argued that there wasnt enough agreement and that segwit wasnt the answer. They gave no technical backing, just that there wasnt enough agreement (even though segwit "activated" with a certain percentage of adoption). That wasn't enough though, they actively tried to cause confusion to the new members entering the market, trying to get new people to buy the cheaper BCH over BTC (see bitcoin.com, They reached out to many websites to display messages discrediting bitcoin (see  as well as attacking the bitcoin network to drive up transaction fees, furthering their point (see  bitcoin cash folks even would go on news programs and claim that they had the true bitcoin, when they instead had a fork (see one of the funnier ones: 
so, why are we pissed? because some asshat is taking what is essentially a revolution in currency and discrediting it by trying to make a quick buck by scamming people.
@_date: 2019-09-19 17:50:47
First off, you should ask your self how the person cracking the wallet will prove that they did in fact find the pass phrase. I would put ~5usd in the bip38 wallet you are giving out, and verify that the person who solved it can transfer the funds.
doing some napkin math based off of another comment and the hashcat benchmarks for a 1080 ti, i got 43808.4 days for the worst case (2^80 * 2) and about 1 second in the best case (10^6) (though, thats just numeric... so i doubt that).
Im pretty busy, so im not aiming for the 3 week bonus or anything, but i have a spare gpu cluster with 20 rx550's, and the weather is getting a bit chilly. i would be down to at least help you rule out certain character sets.
DM me with more info, the best thing is if you remember what character set was used in the parts you forgot. even knowing if it was all lower, or upper and lower will make a huge difference
@_date: 2018-03-02 00:29:58
No time at all. Tries is equal to corpus^length in your case the corpus would be 2048. The length is your variable... You can assume a gpu can perform a little under 10000 attempts per second. For a bit more detail, look through my post history. 