@_author: moulinneufr
@_date: 2018-06-29 07:47:07
A couple things of note
1. The  as no leadership to speak of , [Adrien Pouliot]( is currently the oldest leader of any party, in term of is presence in politics not age , all the other changed party leader after defeat and for reconstruction purposes.
2. with 168 years of existence the  is the oldest Party in Canada / Quebec and as been plagued by fraud and public and members money stolen in even in current years.
3. The  does not attrack more then 30 candidate and they are from the lowest electibility quality possible.  None are a top 2 in any circonscription and due to the money given to the party with votes the  is actually leaving needed research and funding on the table.
4. The  is polling at 0.011&amp; Currently , they are so far removed from the political scene that they are no longuer a choice offered in the polls and are not invited to any major debates.
5. Being associated only wih the  is a liability and a reason why the Bitcoin industry is facing so much hardship in Banking , energy priority and politics.
6. The Bictoin-miner could in theory fil in the more then 90 empty seats , that the lack of leadership and extremely unwanted and unapreciated leadership of  [Adrien Pouliot]( provide.
7. Threat and menace of leaving and insult of Governement by the  and really a population choice as blocked and cost a fortune to the bitcoin Industry in Quebec. ,
8. A single Alliance with the party who is trying to destroy and sell Hydro-Quebec is similar to taking on the Gas industry in Alberta or the oil industry in Texas.
Will the Bitcoin industry as a lot to offer it's current association with the  and other fringe association and dispised extremist groups and it's bullying attitude and form of entitled ways as lead to it losing hundred of million per day and a moratorium.
This is clearly an exemple of what never to do with the people who own , pay and control the major source of energy of where you decide to install your mining operations.