@_author: mr0ldy
@_date: 2017-07-21 17:24:36
Ok so it seems everyone is agreeing that I can just keep my coins in my hardware wallet? but the problem is this: to extract my private keys from my hardware wallet, I would have to import them in to a normal wallet on my dektop and in doing so I would compromise the security of said hardware wallet.
The reason I would want to do this is: in case of a hardfok, I want to be able to chose what chain to continue on. If I keep the coins on the HW wallet, then that wallet will decied for me, isn't this correct? I mean if there is a HF then the chain that the HW-wallet choses to support will be used for any transaction.
What am I missing here? I mean if I control my private keys I would be able to import them in to both chains in case there is a split. On the hardware wallet this would only be possible if I import my seed/keys outside of the HW wallet, and that would really not be wise since then the keys are exposed to a hot environment.
Edit: some spelling.
@_date: 2017-07-21 20:53:08
I see that you understand what I mean, finally I know that I'm not way off here :). So it's a choice of put them hot or hope for the best and worst case scenario you reset HW wallet after recovering the keys outside of it. 
I guess it's less hassle just sending them out of the wallet than actually resetting it at some point. Seems many people agree that the threat of a HF is small though so I might just hold tight for a while. Also seems impossible for anyone to know for sure when things are stable 100% again.
@_date: 2017-07-21 20:41:15
Yes that would be possible, it uses a seed that is compatible with Electrum. The thing is: I would only do this if there is absolutely no other way, as inserting your Nano S seed in to Electrum would expose it to the internet/hot environment and there by negating the security of the HW wallet. This would mean restoring the entire HW wallet by generating a new seed and wiping it, including all other coins I have on it. It would actually be less work just sending the coins to an Electrum wallet in the first place. 
@_date: 2017-07-21 19:52:04
OK thanks, I hope that you are right, I would love not having to move my coins out of, in my case the Ledger Nano S. But I must say that I am a bit nervous regarding it. Worst case I can put them in an electrum wallet for some time. But the problem of not knowing when this will be relevant is what is bugging me. here's to you being right and me not having to worry then :) if anyone else has any input regarding it please post it!