@_author: mr_bla
@_date: 2014-01-22 01:35:37
I am myself not Nigerian, but I have political family there. I am not sure what do you consider the level of public awareness is in the west, since my country of origin (Spain) is considered the West, but has lower public awareness than the US (and Nigeria!) or the rest of the English speaking world. 
But trying to answer your question, Nigeria has definitely lower public awareness of Bitcoin than the average West. Just check google trends. 
There is a large community of UK/US expats that are well educated and quite probably aware of it, as also a booming tech sector. There is a great potential for technologies like bitcoin, since Paypal refuses to do business there and the payment options are limited or severely restricted to many international businesses, and because of the large expat communities, there is a big need for money exchange. 
Keep in mind though that Nigeria has a decent online presence, but there is still plenty of telecom infrastructure to be developed.
@_date: 2014-01-12 13:51:13
Your personal views on how the world should work don't apply to what b-roc wrote. Governments tax citizens, this is fact. If bitcoin is accepted as a currency, it will be taxed. This is how it works.
@_date: 2014-01-22 01:55:00
For situations where you don't trust the merchant, escrow systems are the solution, so bitcoin shouldn't be 'scary' to use in any country, no matter how developed.
That said, the GDP/Capita is a simplistic metric to use in markets like Nigeria. Because of the oil trade, being an English speaking country and being the most powerful country in West Africa, Nigeria has a very wealthy upper class and a growing middle/upper-middle class. 
@_date: 2014-01-22 01:37:14
By the way, in the article they don't link to the actual website. Check it out here: 
@_date: 2014-01-12 16:56:01
I am not going to make my point again, re-read my previous comments if you feel like. Your argument is absurd and fundamentalists like you are the reason libertarians are not taken seriously outside their little self-validating communities.
@_date: 2014-01-22 14:50:24
On one side, I find your comment funny. On the other, I stick with what I said before: What you consider a harmless internet meme is actually hurting many more people that you can imagine.  
@_date: 2014-01-12 14:38:14
No, but this is the best possible outcome when it comes to governments interacting with bitcoin. Expecting that government will ignore it indefinitely and allow it to behave as a tax-free currency is naive.
Actually, I am starting to think that in your case 'naive'
 might be an understatement. This conversation is absurd.
@_date: 2014-01-12 14:43:35
How old are you?
@_date: 2014-01-21 23:35:18
I understand your position. However, I will like you to think it the other way around: Imagine being an honest Nigerian trying to reach the world. I know quite a few, and it is heartbreaking how much the online scammers have hurt them. Please give Nigerians a chance.
@_date: 2013-11-24 02:07:13
You know what will be *amazing* movie material? That Ulbricht was not only Dreat Pirate Roberts, but *also* Satoshi Nakamoto. 
Plot: Ulbricht is a genious programmer and an anarcho-capitalist. He released the original Bitcoin white paper, started bitcoin as the foundation stone for the second step in his libertarian dream: An utopian deregulated market place for any kind of goods, anonymous and with no government control. He calls it the Silk Road. The market however gets out of control: People use it mainly to sell drugs and weapons. His libertarian *laissez faire* integrity conflicts with his dislike of drugs and violence. When he realizes that his market is being used by the US government to sell weapons anonymously to insurgents around the world he betrays his libertarian principles and forbids the sale of weapons on the Silk Road. This is why the US government orders the FBI to identify him. They ends up caching him *and* also fabricating evidence with the objective of humilliating him, making him look like an amateur careless individual (they set up his LinkedIn profile, the mistakes he made that led to his real identity, etc). In reality, they catched him using really sophisticated analysis provided by the NSA that costed hundreds of millions of dollars in computing power that no one knows about.  Ulbricht ends up in jail as a pariah. While he is in jail, bitcoin is accepted as one of the main currencies in the world, and Satoshi Nakamoto achieves legendary status. Ulbricht tries to come out as Satoshi, but no one believes him and years later dies in prison as the richest man on earth. His last words are something in the line of "Find the X". This clue leads to his BTC stash, found in a USB stick, but no one knows the password. This is the biggest treasure in the history of humankind, the treasure of the Dread Pirate Roberts. Somehow his wallet.dat file ends up online, Governments, whole CS academic departments and amateurs around the world spend decades trying to crack the password. The password is "_*IamS4t0sh1_$".
At this point I am pretty sure they are going to make a movie about him at some point anyway, but this will definitely add to the epicness. I envision it as a mix of The Social Network, Blow and Breaking Bad :D
EDIT: Thanks for the gold and the tip! Greatly appreciated :D
@_date: 2013-12-18 12:03:43
Bitcoin might be 'founded on libertarian principles', but also had many early supporters from 'hacker' and 'futurology' communities. Now you have even more diversity. The mods are trying to protect the community from manipulators and keeping the quality of the subreddit up. I support them.
Applying your 'libertarian principles', why don't you just unsubscribe r/bitcoin and start r/bitcoin_for_ayn_rand_fundamentalists? It is a free market of subreddits, and you are free to decide.
