@_author: mr_caveman
@_date: 2016-06-25 18:58:18
Sorry, just lower 48 states right now.
@_date: 2016-06-25 18:58:52
I had too much coffee when I wrote that one :/
@_date: 2016-06-25 18:57:18
Great questions.  To put it succinctly, the rancher doesn't want to pay for the organic certification.  Despite the appearance on the website we're just a small farm.  I work for the family that owns the farm and there is one other person that helps us with butchering. That's everybody.  So, the costs associated with organic certification (or grass  fed certification) discourage us pursuing them.  For those producers that wish to enter into larger markets (i.e. grocery stores, etc.) consumers [justifiably] expect certifications so they can ensure what they are buying is what it says and it may be if we go that route we would become certified.  Also keep in mind that if meat says "Organic" it doesn't necessarily mean it's "grass finished", just that what it is eating is Organic (which could be corn).  Our farm follows the American Grass Fed Association's definition of "grass fed".  Anyway, we usually sell most of our meat at local farmers markets where I can have conversations with my customers about everything that we do and don't do at our farm. Granted, there's a personal disconnect with online purchases but we're still so small that we can't justify the certifications.  And I'm not blowing smoke.  You can come find me at Seaside Farmer's Market and 30A Farmer's Market.  You can also find me personally at my own website   to verify me.
As for the humane certification - this is referring to slaughter practices and the certification is done by a 3rd party on a yearly basis.  The short answer is I can't find our copy to upload. However, if you want to verify our butcher facility (USDA inspected) it's called Westville Meats (Westville, FL).  I've asked the rancher multiple times to find the paper so I can post it so it wouldn't hurt to call and give him some encouragement to find it :)
I hope that helps answer your questions!