@_author: mr_hehe
@_date: 2017-03-22 23:03:35
that‘s right. i guess LN will let  us down. it is not a convenient thing to use in the white paper
@_date: 2017-03-23 19:30:12
many prople are over optimistic about LN. But LN may be not as good as they think
@_date: 2017-03-21 03:56:32
wow! I am 大绅士奇奇怪。It's surperise to see my article here! thanks for the translation! 
In face I'm not a miner and don't have much communication with them. But I'd like to complete my view here.
First, I don't think BU is merely a block to stop 2nd layer. Miners really want big blocks.
Second, I don't believe miners will die for stopping  segregated witness or 2nd layer. They may just want make sure can get big block at the same time.
Let me tell you why, why big block means so much for them.
We can think transaction fees as a market. There are 2 suppliers in this market: 1st layer (miners) and 2nd layer. And every BTC transaction could be looked as a customer that would choice one supplier.
Assuming miners are not too selfish to tolerate 2nd layer as competitor. They want to make sure can take a good share in the market. Not mean higher fee than before, but a good share, best take the most of customers of course.
However, if the block size is  1 MB forever, no one can put more transactions into a block. That means the customers of miners is very limited. It can't increase at all!
In other hand, there is no such limit for 2nd layer. If there is no other reason, 2nd layer will take most customers and leave little share to miners.
Therefore, miners think it is not a fair competion! They have no competitive power compare with 2nd layer!
The only way make miner getting competitive power is big block.  With big block, the fee in 1st layer can be lower to a reasonable level, and transact btc in 1st layer become more attractive. 
That is why miners want big block before segw. That's why they like HK consensus so much.
I believe we still can make consensus this way. 
Miners get big block, developers get 2nd layer, users get lower fee. win, win, win!
No need fight, no need POW change, no need 2 or 3 kinds of BTC.
someone may say: bigger block makes less  nodes. But this can not frighten we to shit. we make a bitcoin net can server more people. The more users there is, the more guys can run a node. And I believe there is technology way to help man run nodes easier. Another HF maybe. After all, is there anything worse than a POW change HF?
It's time for the community to reunite again, let's make a clear HF, release the sealed power of bitcoin, and show the world what we can do!
i don't know if i write it clear, not good at english
