@_author: mr_jim_lahey
@_date: 2018-06-23 18:54:56
Ok, but what value is it storing? Stocks are inherently valuable because they pay dividends and are ownership of a company. Bitcoin is only a store of value if you start with the assumption that it has some inherent value. In 20 years a Bitcoin will cost as much as a Beanie Baby.
@_date: 2018-06-23 21:49:02
Ok, if the value is based on people's opinions, what are those opinions and what are they based on? Positive opinions of Bitcoin/crypto seem to fall into a few categories:
1. Those who see it as a speculative investment and whose ultimate goal is to eventually cash out for fiat currency or other value stores. The cleverest and luckiest among these people make money off the vast majority of others who pump cash into crypto hoping to do the same. These people are not contributing to the long-term viability of crypto beyond its use for scamming and predatory investing. Works for Amway I guess, although they at least nominally engage in real economic activity in the form of sale of physical products.
1. Those who believe it will become a viable currency in the future. You and I both apparently agree this isn't likely to happen, and even if it did, it'd lead to deflationary economic chaos which would be unsustainable.
1. People who "believe in the technology". These fall into 2 camps: people who don't  understand how blockchains actually work and latch onto its mysticism. These are the same people who believe in homeopathy, astrology, qi energy, crystal powers, and other pseudoscientific charlatanism. The second camp is people who do understand how blockchains work and are convinced there is a viable economic application beyond cryptocurrency as it exists today. Thus far, it doesn't seem anyone has found such an application. If they do, it probably won't do anything to drive the value of Bitcoin since it will be a completely different blockchain serving a fundamentally different purpose. Bitcoin will hold as much comparative value to this new technology as stagecoaches do to automobiles.
People's opinions are not what give Bitcoin value anyway. Its value lies in people's willingness and ability to exchange other things of value for it. Opinions are certainly a *proxy* for willingness, but they are not value in and of themselves. The pool of people who are both willing and able to exchange value for crypto already hit its all-time high point and is going to continue to spiral down for a long time to a zero or near-zero baseline since there are no long-term factors that will reverse this trend.
@_date: 2018-06-23 09:00:47
What is your definition of shit hitting the fan, and how will bitcoin be of value in this scenario?
Also, how is holding onto bitcoin consistent with the long-term vision of it becoming a viable currency? Currencies need to be exchanged for goods in order to be viable, not hoarded.
@_date: 2018-06-23 09:35:02


You believe Bitcoin will be a viable currency someday (somehow). Let's pretend this does magically come to pass and the whole world is using bitcoin. You and everyone else continue to HODL anyway because because any economic activity involving the transfer of funds is an automatic economic loss for the spender, since their money would have been worth more tomorrow. Then what? 