@_author: mr_movement
@_date: 2015-05-30 19:55:32


When we make things an issue based on race it automatically excludes the concerns of most people. It is correct that minorities are targeted more for arrest and incarceration. There is no question about it. We have laws that specifically target certain races and cultures. Our law enforcement police and surveil minority areas to a much greater degree than most. But it is not like 95% of the prison population is minorities. It is imbalanced but not nearly to that extent.
However, we need to look even broader. If we are going to claim that the justice system is biased against minorities based on the numbers and the facts then we must draw back and look at how biased the system is towards gender. 96% of all incarcerated individuals are men. That is simply ludicrous and mind boggling in this time of supposed equal rights. It was understandable back in the days when coverture laws were common and men were imprisoned for the crimes of their wives. But what we have now is a system that specifically and unduly targets one class of people over the other to such an extreme that it is impossible to deny a severe prejudice.
Just as there are laws that target minorities and certain cultures, there are laws that target men specifically. The whole moral panic over sexual crimes hysteria is 100% directed at men. If a woman commits the same sex crime as a man she is rarely punished or, if punished, never given as harsh of a sentence. Even crimes that are majority women driven (like embezzlement, prostitution, infanticide, etc.) are rarely convicted and usually blamed on men. Prostitution is being championed as a crime against women by men. You have probably heard of "human trafficking" by now, I am sure. That is a way to make prostitutes not liable for their actions and places all the onus upon the men.
If we are going to decry that the justice system is not fair, we cannot only select the minorities to get upset about. We have to look at how the system specifically targets and incarcerates men as  a whole. Women are practically unscathed by the system.