@_author: mr_mattyb
@_date: 2018-05-08 06:37:17
There’s this whole concept that innovators of a past era are almost the worst people to ask for advice on the next wave on innovation. This is shown throughout history where a company specialising in a certain field, let’s say cart manufacturing during the horse and cart era, will almost never pivot to join the next wave of innovation for their industry, the automobile, and instead call it a bubble. A well known example of this is the blockbuster vs Netflix debacle, and it happens a lot more frequently than you’d expect. 
@_date: 2018-04-30 23:52:33
Here's my problem with the whole debate. I'm fairly new to reddit, been on a few months. Instantly just subbed to the crypto subbreddits when I joined. You seem to have a good grasp of everything that happened which seems arguably reasonable to back up your seeming hatred of Bitcoin and this sub. 
That doesn't come across in ANY of the posts on I've been seeing posts for the last few months show up on my feed and i don't think a single one of them has been solely about the tech and/or upgrades coming out, or even show some sort of REASONABLE DISCUSSION on the comparisons of btc and bch. To be honest they probably show up, but the ones that make it to the feed, the most popular ones, are always just criticisms and hate\-speech.
So what ends up happening is you then have people who make comments like the guy below "Because it makes the users of this subreddit upset.". I assume these kinds of people make petty remarks like this because they don't have the knowledge to actually answer questions like these, unlike you, and are newcomers like me. They've wound up jumping on early and felt like joining in with the current discussion which at the moment is seems to be purely  drama. 
Here's my problem with all of this. You guys will grow, the same as any other subreddit/coin will grow, but if people are introduced to what the current subreddit is, before you know it the ones educated on WHY this hatred/rivalry exists will be the minority, and from that point the whole subreddit will just be irredeemable.
Btw i don't own BTC or BCH.
@_date: 2018-04-30 13:44:21
Why does bitcoin cash go by the subreddit I’ve heard their reasons for using the name bitcoin, but btc is without a doubt bitcoins ticker. You can’t argue that. To me their whole argument was doomed from the moment they started using that subreddit. 