@_author: mr_me_slc
@_date: 2016-08-04 00:05:29
Well I hope for the best for all. Thanks for the hard work your one hardcore motherfusker for handling this like you do. Just make sure Bitfinex sticks around far into the future. Ya'll had more trustiness than any other exchange, hence the biggest. I have not seen such a professional endeavor before in crypto land. Without ya'll, the scene would be grim. When it's all said and done, ya'll will just be stronger with a healthy amount of paranoia behind your security policies. Just don't die on us. 
@_date: 2016-08-07 21:47:25
   Quick question about these BFX coins. Will this be set up like any other Alt Coin out there? Would it be possible/practical to treat the BFX coins like a quazi crytpo stock with a limited amount of dividends just for the affected account holders?
   One personal issue I have with cryptos is the lack of underlying value, kinda like how stocks at least have a company behind it with the possibility of earnings and often times a heap of assets. 
   BFX could base the div on a percentage of exchange fees, let's say 10% of revenue. They could simply pay the div to existing account holders who were affected during the fiasco based on how many BFX coins they hold in their Bitfinex account. Those who don't want them can sell to those who want more. All the other unaffected people in the greater market wanting some BFX coin would simply treat it like any other coin, i.e. no div and Bitfinex receives some sweet deal crowd funding. In the end when BFX pays about $70mil in these divs, we call it square.
  The amount of value from the div per BFX coin would at least justify a fundamental price to stabilize the coin, i.e. guarantee it's worth something. If the payment was based on percentage of fees, more success from Bitfinex would mean we get paid back faster and maybe even more if BFX coin and Bitfinex is successful. 


Just an idea, any thoughts? 
@_date: 2016-08-03 23:28:04






Done and done!
@_date: 2016-08-03 19:25:29
Ok ,so if anyone is wondering about USD and FDIC and all that jazz, Bitfinex held USD in a partner bank called Triumph Bank. Bitfinex is not a bank, therefore can't hold USD deposits under any circumstance, this means USD did not run away to Hong Kong, it's sitting around in Dallas Texas. What this means is Triumph, if they are willing to help, may be able to cover USD losses with real deal FDIC insurance. 
I just got an email this morning from SynapsePay, Bitfinexes wire transfer service provider. They were able to wire back to my personal bank about 32% of the USD I actually had. The amount just happens to be what was in my exchange wallet, WTF happened to the USD sitting around in my deposit and margin account?!?!?! Or is 32% of my cash all I'm getting back? I thought USD was going to be fine?!?!?!
Now that sounds like we are not hearing the whole story . . . 
Any comments One question no one has asked  what is the ideal plan? I'm not asking for any updates or what you actually plan to do. What is a realistic scenario we can expect aligned with Bitfinexes desired outcome for all of this? 
Any one consider the arseholes who hacked Bitfinex were the same who hacked the DAO? Criminology states criminals tend **not** to quit while they are ahead, especially when they are protected by the anonymity inherent in the crypto markets in the first place. Maybe DAO was just a warm up round, Bitfinex is round two, now they are just gaining experience. Who's next?