@_author: mrbarista
@_date: 2017-11-19 17:54:05
Well deflation would increase your wealth if you had cash under the mattress indeed but I'm unsure if that can be assumed for the rich. They are most likely keeping their money invested as would any rational wealthy person do. That puts them in a vulnerable position.
@_date: 2017-11-19 14:13:36
I agree with your saying that deflation is bad for the economy, absolutely. It's much harder to get rid of deflation than inflation. The issue I have with your comment is you saying deflation is a capitalist heaven, which is absolutely not true. Capitalist heaven would be enormous consumption.
A country that is in deflation has serious problems because people don't consume as much as before. Their money will be worth more tomorrow, why spend it today? Now if the aggregate demand for all goods fall because people don't wish to consume that much and rather save their money, then companies are forced to lower their prices to get people buying products. This is super risky and some large companies might shut their business down if the prices drop too much and they cannot make economical profits. So do you really think that a situation as such is a capitalist dream?
Japan is an ideal example of what happens when deflation is out of control. They have been battling deflation for 2 decades if I remember correctly. Deflation leads to less consumption, less consumption leads to less production and that leads to lower economic growth.
 
To summarize, you don't know what you are talking about.
@_date: 2017-11-19 17:27:56
You're arguing that deflation is a winning situation for the rich, the bourgeoisie. I'm telling you that you got that wrong and it's a lose-lose situation for both the rich and the poor.
Imagine you own a factory and consumption of your goods &amp; services start to decrease because people spend less and less so that they could spend more in the future (this mostly happens when a bubble breaks, fyi). Now as a factory, you're pretty much in a shitty situation because you either start lowering your prices or you shut down the production if revenue earned doesn't cover the costs for labour. It should be rather logical that you, the "rich", would not like your investments fail. The rich will probably lose more than the poor in the case of deflation.
That short and intuitive analysis should prove that your argument: "deflation is a capitalist heaven, the rich get richer just by existing", is wrong. I'm all for ideas and discussions but I see it as a bad thing when other Redditors start repeating plain wrong arguments.