@_author: mrbewulf
@_date: 2014-10-08 17:49:57
A smaller one is less intrusive, less Orwellian, it works better. Bigger the government, bigger the fall even if there is no corruption. The big government is less efficient than smaller one and less efficient than the private sector. 
The Govt will have money whatever it fails or not, a business only will have money if it delivers value to its consumer. It is also hard fire government employees especially in my country that is sunken in a bureaucracy, crazy trade unions, much red tape and high taxes (Brazil).
Even though a leviathan can work, the point is that take the someone's else money by taxation (by force, coercion) is morally wrong !! The individual shouldn't be sacrificed on behalf of void concepts like "common good" or "social justice".
The links show how the welfare promotes individual irresponsibility and how the government health care fails. It's amazing how people think that Government can solve everything, can protect everybody from everything ... I thought that only in Brazil people thought in this way.
@_date: 2014-10-08 14:36:59
It would be better an really anonymous bitcoin exchange, that can  exchange directly hard currency for bitcoins without identification or that offer the maximum protection to customer privacy.
 
Nicholas Maduro is nut, If he think bitcoin is a "neoliberal" threat he can crack down on it at any moment. Best of luck to Venezuela, greetings from Brazil.
@_date: 2014-10-08 14:45:19
Free market, individual freedom and economic freedom is the solution for developing countries, take a look at Chile, Singapore, Hong Kong (not a country, but the per capita GDP is grater than UK), South Korea. All those countries were developing countries. Almost all developing and poor countries has big government, high bureaucracy, hight taxes, much government intervention, protectionism or even worst socialist governments and central planning. 
The Bitcoin greatest feature is bypass government control and spread the free market and voluntary cooperation. I see Bitcoin as seeds of freedom!!
@_date: 2014-10-08 14:29:44
Most of journalists only trust in Keynesian economists like the ignobel prize Mr. Paul Krugman who told that Bitcoin is evil, that the fiat currency is backed by men with big guns, that the world needs a fake alien invasion would boost the economy. Most of journalists only interviews Keynesian.
@_date: 2014-11-12 18:16:19
There is mobile payment in Nigeria, Africa long before bitcoin the M-pesa a mobile payment system with no bank and works with outdated cheap feature phones.  
However, unlike bitcoin it cannot go pay for stuffs outside Kenya. The free market, the competition will make phone cheaper, affordable and better. I would like Brazil had this M-pesa mobile payment system.
@_date: 2014-10-08 15:33:38
All these countries has great economic freedom, business freedom and low bureaucracy as it can be seen in the:
*    
Sweden, Finland, Norway and Denmark were already rich before implementing the welfare . Countries with free market policy has shown faster development like Singapore, Hong Kong(*), Taiwan and Chile and USA in the past, during its foundation US had a small government.
See also, how big government is "good" ( Health care central planning):
*  
* 
Sweden's excellent health care:
*   Ignored ambulance call fatality 'a tragedy'
*   Swedish woman dies after ambulance no show
*   11-year-old Swedish girl denied ambulance
*    Ambulance call denied: woman 'was still talking'
Canada's Health care:
* 
Those countries with big government could perform better if they were  smaller. I would see also the moral side: It's not fair to take someone's wealth through coercion and redistribute it for the "common good". 
UK Welfare ( Sacrificing individuals for the sake of common good):
* 
* 
@_date: 2014-11-10 17:34:47
There is no way to ban bitcoins since it can be exchanged anonymously for cash. The only way to ban bitcoin is to ban the Internet. In Italy people is used to pay in hard currency, in cash and small business gives big discount for those who pay with cash or to barter, by this way they avoid VAT taxes and Income taxes since cash is untraceable. I guess governments hate bitcoin or will hate it. I hope that the dark wallet will make the bitocoin even more untraceable to taxes authorities and taxes collectors.
@_date: 2014-10-08 14:20:58
Bitcoin is much more than a cryptocurrency, it is also a technology and a payment network not subject to anybody control, only backed by self interest. With bitcoin you can be your own bank. Despite it be subject to great value fluctuation, on the short term, it can save your ass when there is rising inflation, capital control, bank account seizure like happened in Cyprus or a socialist cunt president like Nicholas Maduro is in charge.
I will spread the word in my country about bitcoin. I want to be a bitcoin Evangelist.
@_date: 2016-10-17 17:12:28
Did you mean George Orwell 1984 ?