@_author: mrbiggles-reborn
@_date: 2017-12-25 05:00:06
What does it do that existing technology does not do?
@_date: 2017-12-23 10:20:38
Its different this time isnt it:)
Said every peasant that lost his shirt in every financial crisis since the day nobody turned up to buy tulips.
Over &amp; over &amp; over.......
The blockchain is the revolution &amp; all existing financial systems can adjust to take advantage of it.
What exactly makes btc so much more valuable than any other currency in existence?
Its the mystery, the mania of ordinary people thinking the sky is the limit, its not btc has no real value, the value is based on large numbers of people who are ignorant &amp; just want to get rich quick.
Funny thing is, the only time that difference between large numbers of ignorant and large numbers of people that are proficient can be seen is over time.
There is not a single reason why btc is this valuable, maybe $100 because there is always going yo be a requirement for anonymous transfer of value but at the moment its driven by money being moved, that is it, nothing is being created.
When the smart money leaves, the followers will be stuck holding the bag.
@_date: 2017-12-24 22:18:35
@_date: 2017-12-24 02:44:57
I was perfectly calm when I wrote those responses &amp; my fitbit says my pulse averaged about 64bpm 
@_date: 2017-12-24 04:26:32
You are lashing out because the comment frightens you otherwise if you believed that is stupid then how come you did not by any means necessary go out 6 months ago and buy 10,000 btc when they were well under that?
Could it be that you base your percieved value of btc purely on your biased views?
Anyone that says someone is dumb for thinking btc is worth 2k (or less in my opinion) either did not know what btc was 6 months ago or has thousands of btc after they acted on their belief it was so undervalued or perhaps they have no clue and their valuation is based on nothing more than bkind hope.
@_date: 2017-12-26 01:54:42
That is sll great but the blockchain suffers its own serious problems that need to be considered, it is hugely inefficient in that unlike p2p which keeps a small part of a file on one computer &amp; the cumulative of those make one total copy, you have to have an identical copy on every single computer, part of the reason for the lack of transactions it can undertake at one time.
That sounds ok for redundancy however over 80% of miners are in China &amp; if one entity controls over 50% of the miners they can undermine the whole thing by using a type of parrallel offline blockchain they can introduce at will.
Also there is a good reason why both honest &amp; dishonest users want their financial position to remain anonymous yet on the blockchain it is there for everyone to see.
Once it becomes regulated and it will then you get individuals &amp; entities being tied to transactions on the block chain &amp; the privacy we see today will be a memory.
Saying it will heavily cut costs and open money services up to a disadvantaged majority of the worlds population forgets the greed element of humans. We have enough food to feed the worlds population 6x over yet there are still famines. 
There will always middle men via regulation. Do you think people in power will let something exist like this without regulation &amp;  gaining control? Not going to happen.
I think the idea of a block chain is great but its not all upside &amp; the value people are putting on how big the impact it will have is not tied to reality.
 I think if anything it will be an incremental &amp; hybrid change.
@_date: 2017-12-24 04:32:16
Who gives a fuck what it is, that is what you do not get &amp; that is it could be a petrafied staue of dog shit, when you see a pattern of behaviour around the dog shit &amp; that pattern matches every other pattern which is partly people have a manic level of optimism about it then dog shit, tulips or my dried chug nuts, it makes no difference, the thing will crash.
What you do not get is that your thought pattern which is "this time its different" is the exact warning sign that tells everyone that, oh shit, everyone has gone batshit crazy again &amp; pain is about to be dispensed.
Personally I thing boom &amp; busts are part of our economy &amp; is the result of stagnation and boredom which breeds extreme over confidence.
Also these sjw type catch phrases like "cute - insert topic here" to irritate someone you are discussing something with.
Why do you do it? Do you think it eatablishes to others you are dominant in a subject?
I can just say from my own perspective that when people speak like that, it fills me with a strong desire to hold their head under water in an attempt to have them reflect &amp; potentially modify their communication style.
Unfortunately nobody has spoken to me like that face to face so cannot give you feedback on the effectiveness.
Also - no hard feelings &amp; enjoy Christmas etc
@_date: 2017-12-23 10:27:39
You are one of the smart ones &amp; hopefully pulled out enough so money will no longer be an issue for you.
I have been using btc for 3 years now &amp; it has become almost unusable as a form of currency, so without that, what is left? A bunch of people holding a number that has s perception of value.
I cannot fathom what is going through the heads of people that think its going to keep increasing.
@_date: 2017-12-13 13:51:29
Especially when it is thursday early afternoon and you need your er em products delivered by Friday afternoon for the weekend.
There is just nothing worse than leaving it for 2 hours and coming back seeing no confirmations and realising your weekend has gone from A+ to shit house.
@_date: 2017-12-23 13:34:21
Centralisation versus decentralisation is not as important as regulation versus no regulation.
Regulation of bitcoin is already starting to happen making it exceptionally difficult to buy and  sell anonymously anymore.
The fact it splits up the bitcoin process and no one entity is great except, you still need exchanges to exchange because you cannot easily use bitcoin as a liquid currency like cash.
As soon as it hits an exchange then that is a centralised point of weakness that undermines any decentralised processing elsewhere.
I cannot see much benefit over the way it operates now let alone if what it will look like regulation wise in say 3 years.
I guarantee if it ever becomes a serious form of currency used as widely as the US dollar then you will have exactly the same problems with btc as you have with the USD.
It will be heavily regulated &amp; controlled.
@_date: 2017-12-23 10:04:22
You do realise that its the massive swings that define the insanity &amp; lack of logic surrounding bitcoin?
Its not btc I am specifically targeting, it is the lack of logic and reason surrounding btc.
This mania repeats itself in varying degrees usually once or twice a decade and there is always a reason its different this time round.
Party may go for a while yet &amp; my only hope is the smugness of some people making a killing by either getting the timing right or blind luck is turned down a notch.
I hope that there is not a massive crash &amp; my thoughts on btc are wrong &amp; people do not lose everything.
If they do then I will not be one of the ones acting like a smug cretin kicking people while they are down.
Most people holding btc need to ease up on the smugness, you are not more clever than the next person (some are) but most are not.
If you have made significant money then now may be the time to take some out of such a volatile market so that if the music stops, you do not lose everything.
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:04:40
Nice contribution, I know when I want to buy goods at $100 &amp; I buy $100 of btc at 10am that it is a fuckload of inconvenience if it drops before I hit the buy button at 12pm.
You are making a statement though as if you are some type of truth telling profit 
Are you under 18?
@_date: 2017-12-23 13:51:39
I do not need to explain any of what you are asking. First you should not be so emotional over something like this, that is your first problem, you are behaving irrationally and illogically and having a tantrum because of someone else having a differing opinion to you while providing me with a little amusement cannot be good for your stress levels.
I do not care about the detail because it is irrelevant. I only need to look at the human behaviour surrounding bitcoin at the moment to know that there are serious issues. I mean if you do a comparison of bitcoin value to transaction and visa value to transaction it comes out that visa is $6 per transaction and bitcoin is over $10k of value per transaction. What sort of denial must someone go through to not accept there is a serious problem here?
I have no sour grapes at all &amp; while seeing someone such as yourself hit the wall will not cause me to lose any sleep, I genuinely hope people who put money into btc in good faith as an investment do not lose money.
I legit hope I am wrong. I tried to buy $500 when they were about 18 cents each and I think of that often &amp; I probably do have sour  grapes that I did not try harder to get the transaction to work but if someone has made a lot of money out of btc and they remain humble and are a good person then I am happy for them.
I suspect you do not comprehend that way of thinking and that is ok, its not really a big deal to me that you do.
@_date: 2017-12-24 04:18:43
Because has history has shown over and over and over........and over again, unless you have abilities the rest of us do not then you don not know if it is just a dip until it starts heading upwarfs again.
Put another way, what is the difference between what a dip &amp; all out meltdown looks like while its state is still falling?
Do not pretend you can tell the difference  because all that does is prove to everyone reading that you can successfully lie to yourself.
"Quiting &amp; quiting while you are ahead are not the same thing" 
Asian dude in the jungle in the movie American gangster.
@_date: 2017-12-24 04:44:20
Or synthetic happiness 
@_date: 2017-12-23 14:36:23
No worries at all - same to you mate.
@_date: 2017-12-23 10:34:29
You are under the influence of insanity if you believe that.
You know what happens to substandard technology?
It gets left behind by tech that is more than just being the first in the space.
You really think people are going to put up with this appaling situation of massive fees only eclipsed by how long the tranactions take.
Also that looks to be written in an idealogical way regarding the tech &amp; in that sense he is right I do not think it was written with the thought of currency speculation &amp; get rich quick merchants in mind.
@_date: 2017-12-24 04:51:07
So you only want to hear views &amp; facts that reinforce existing beliefs:)
@_date: 2017-12-22 15:42:31
They have been saved by their own stupidity.
Someone came to me earlier in the week &amp; I told them now is a very bad time to buy bitcoin, completely ignored my advice but could not get the funds &amp; then it dropped 25%.
People do not even know why they want to buy it, the speculation is causing people like me who have used it for about 3 years now, look for an alternative that does not drop or gain between buying btc &amp; buying the product as well as the absurd transfer costs as well as impractical wait times for confirmation.
All these speculators loving each other up, performing reacharounds on each other not realising they are the ones fucking up what was reasonably stable &amp; useful way to buy items anonymously.
Its like saying that the casino is suffering because investors cannot play roulette &amp; poker because they have not been approved.
I watched the Y2K thing, worked in IT when the crash happened &amp; all my mates got loans to buy more of the tech stocks including our own company when it went public.
They laughed at me when I took my initial shares out at $1.20 giving me about 30k in cash.
They were not laughing when the shares hit 14 cents and never budged from that.
They had the same enthusiasm &amp; belief nothing could go wrong only this time its way more inssne than 2000 &amp; there is more insanity around btc than 2008 and the collapse then as well.
BTC may go through the roof &amp; I hope nobody gets their life savings taken from them &amp; is forced to start from scratch but the complete absence of critical thought is scary.
Many here would invest in btc regardless of how high it goes &amp; never take a critical look at things that endanger your viewpoint being changed.
I think this technology is here to stay &amp; it will revolutionise the world of finance, the blockchain and maybe btc but maybe something else.
Btc has no actual value, its a fucking number in a group of numbers that end to end if represended by a speck of flower would take up the volume of 8 milkyway galaxies wide by 8 high.
You have people pumping money into it that do not know why it has the value it does, not saying I do either but its a feeding frenzy &amp; it will be the dumb, bottom tier last in the door investors that are going to get rheemed.
@_date: 2017-12-23 10:42:13
Occasionally I see a voice of rational thought &amp; logic such as this.
@_date: 2017-02-28 15:30:36
I have the exact same which I have not seen but to be honest it may be normal as I have never checked.
@_date: 2017-08-27 12:45:07
Yes it is, it is exactly that &amp; the issue with btc is that the people that use it such as myself are getting pissed off with the cost per transaction, the delays in transactions &amp; the volatility of it.
If you do not have people like me using btc the you may as well sit in the corner playing with yourself because your btc will be worthless.
Knowing the tech behind it has zero advantage to knowing if you should invest in it or not other than the direct benefits &amp; disadvantages that may impact its value over time.
I heard the same shit in 1999 while everyone was sucking each others knobs, giving reach arounds on how smart they were right until they lost the lot.
@_date: 2017-08-27 12:27:36
When you find something to invest in that everyone is talking about - you missed the boat.
If it was me I would research the fuck out of the ones  in their infancy. With all the problems of btc I think there is a chance something that is technically superior is either in existence or soon will be.
You may be able to buy hundreds of units of each &amp; most will disappear but you might pick a winner &amp; just like btc you may have got them for cents and down the track thay may be worth 100 or even 1000s of dollars.
The btc increase has much the same feel as the tech bubble, long term crypto currecies will grow enormously but will it be btc be the one, I don't know but I think there will be a large correction with a chance of btc going to zero or near it if they create some type interface that allows realtime interaction with any currency in existence, then the actual btc or monero or whatever else it might be will not matter as it will be transparent.
@_date: 2017-12-23 10:43:35
Yeah, speculators
@_date: 2017-11-12 14:07:57
Everyone below a multi millionaire invests money they cannot afford to lose. 
@_date: 2017-11-12 14:14:32
I thought of either the scene where he got the dude his money back although "don't pitch the bitch" scene also seems relevant.
@_date: 2017-05-21 13:54:55
Yep its true, I was in NYC at the time trying to buy em er vitamins on the silk road &amp; ended up giving up and going through Craigs list.
While I would have purchased stuff - from memory it was only like $70 worth &amp; it was back when I overpaid for everything so likely the rest would have sat there plus I still have the notebook I tried to do it with.
Even thought maybe I did get them &amp; checked but could not find anything on the notebook but might be worth another look even if its a million to one.
It was the first time I had ever heard of btc &amp; I texted my ex wife to see if she remembered me attempting it (she did not) but told her that we were nearly rich once.
@_date: 2017-05-22 02:41:58
I wonder if the dude who owned the pizza place who sold the pizza for 10,000 bitcoin held onto even a fraction of that transaction because if he did he would be quite well off today.
Does anyone know what happened to the guy who owned that pizza place &amp; if he is now wealthy by becoming an early adopter?
@_date: 2017-05-21 11:16:09
I tried buying $500 of btc when it was 11c each but the cc transaction would not go through.
@_date: 2017-07-29 09:22:16
Think of the last time you did something really fucking dumb, so dumb that really in any other time in history they would take you out the back and give you a good flogging.
Now if someone came to you after you had done this dumb thing and said, "I dont understand why people do this thing"
The answer is very simple, it is because they did not think of the downside while doing that thing just like every human does at some point often many times. Guessing he will not do it again though.
