@_author: mrbusboy
@_date: 2015-01-17 17:56:39
I've done my research and I've read the same thing 1000 times. Potential and reality are two very different things. Blockchain technology being useful does not inherently equate to bitcoin being successful/worth more than it is now. I can list off a hundred great ideas that should have taken off that simply did not, for various reasons. 
Time to take off the rose coloured glasses and recognize that most people don't care about Bitcoin, and further that the world of Bitcoin is doing little to nothing to change that. If anything, the world of bitcoin has so far made it a much scarier proposition to newcomers if they do any research. You underestimate the repercussions of a constant stream of bad news re: scams, thieves, hacks, and insolvency. Combine that with all the room for human error (Losing wallet key, transfering to wrong wallet, opening the door for theft, and so on) and you have a currency very few people are actually going to want to use, or even be able to use safely in the first place.
Just because a small percentile of people can use bitcoin on a daily basis with ease, you perhaps being one of them, does not mean 95% of the worlds population can make sense of it at all to begin with, let alone use it regularly with no risk of loss due to the vast room for human error (without even MENTIONING the loss incurred from downswing it's been in for a year). People are not generally very smart or tech savvy. People using bitcoin probably are. What seems like a breeze for you is a nightmare for most people out there. Until these flaws are addressed, there's no reason Bitcoin will succeed. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 17:05:19
Why not 2-3 cents? Because I have 100% guarantees of reimbursal from the bank if the transfer doesn't go through. Because I don't have to worry about anyone hacking into my bank account and stealing all my money. Because if that DID happen, or someone DID intercept my transfer, I have 100% insurance on any funds stolen via online banking. Because I don't have to worry about my bank going insolvent and running off with all my money, never to be seen again. Because I don't ever have to worry about losing a wallet key, or a physical wallet, thus losing ALL my funds in the process. Oh, and because I can spend cash with interac online at hundreds more retailers than I can spend bitcoin.
Need I go on about reasons my online banking is better/more secure than bitcoin, and why I'm willing to pay a premium for those securities?
The bitcoin world is doing absolutely nothing to impress or entice the average individual. "No fees" is simply not good enough, I'm sorry, 2 dollars is a pittance to me when I'm only sending money once or maybe twice a month online. I do not care about saving $1.98 considering the ridiculous hassle I need to go through to send bitcoin that may end up being worth less upon arrival.
People on this sub constantly downvote comments like these, but this is the stark reality that should be heard. I'm an average joe, and there is absolutely nothing enticing about bitcoin whatsoever. I got rid of what I had very soon after buying my first, because I found I had literally no use for it, so the only option was hang onto it while it slowly loses value. No thanks. 
Let me just end this by saying I love the idea of Bitcoin, and that I've long been against the evils of money/the banks/fractional reserve system. It's just that unfortunately, realistically, Bitcoin will not dethrone those things.  As such I would feel like a dick if I didn't try to warn at least some of you, if any of you have any reason left, that you're in for even greater losses if you don't tap out now. There's nothing holding the price up except speculation, there never has been anything else! And as more news comes out, we find that Karpeles had a massive hand in the 2013 price explosion. As others have stated the value was sub 100 prior to the botting/mtgox/silk road fiascos. If there's no widespread demand, and the first pump was a total sham, how long can these prices possibly last?
@_date: 2015-01-17 15:58:15
It probably will. People here are deluded thinking bitcoin will do anything more but slow decline to sub-100 levels and then fill a niche as an online currency. The glory days are gone, in fact the glory days were a sham to begin with. 
Bitcoin is a just a good idea that will never reach the levels of success fanatics believe. There's no way it's hitting 1000+ again, go ahead and use your remindme's on this comment and come back in 3 months to see the value down another 100 bucks. Exchanges are bailing, people are bailing, the public doesn't know about it and those who do think it's either a scam, or don't care enough about it to use it. *And there's nothing for them to use it on if they do get some,* as I found out. There was absolutely no reason for me to have bitcoin! Zero incentive! In fact **there is considerably less than zero incentive to have money in bitcoin**, even small amounts: *I would have lost $300 if I didn't exchange back to CAD 2 weeks after first getting bitcoin, simply for having it*. Who in their right mind would want to buy into that? 
 
There's no motivation to get any unless you're speculating the value will explode/daytrading, so tell me.. who's buying bitcoin, and why would a newcomer WANT to buy bitcoin? All you ever read about are scams, deceit, theft, hacks, and generally shady characters with their hands in the pot. There is simply no incentive for the average person to even consider using bitcoin. 
I pay something like 2-3 bucks (and it literally takes no longer than sending bitcoin) to send money from my bank account to someones email, where they can instantly deposit it to their bank. No risk, no bullshit, no possibility of entering the wrong wallet address and losing it forever, etc.. Why should I care about bitcoin, when that service is already available, supposedly one of the big selling points bitcoin has, instant free money transfer? Because of the absence of $2 in fees? I'm really gonna miss that $2 guys... Small price to pay for peace of mind.
*There's no incentive for anybody but daytraders and longterm holders to have bitcoin*. I challenge any of you to dispute this statement and present valid reasons to the contrary. If you can't, I challenge you to present valid reasons as to why that will change. If you can't, I suggest you get the fuck rid of all your bitcoin before it plunges back to under 50 bucks where it belongs and you lose the rest of your shirt. This is a sinking ship. Perhaps there's room for one more huge pump, but you can be sure the dump will not be far behind.
@_date: 2015-01-17 17:26:02
Yeah, this cycle can surely continue over and over, but the end result will always be the same: Eventually the extremely low demand for bitcoin will make those spikes plummet, and over time this will result in settling at its actual price. 35 will seem cheap only until nobody is buying at 50 where the next spike peaks, and it continues to slowly decline below 35,  say to 30. Then 35 will be expensive. You need to look at these things in relative terms, which you aren't. 3 months ago during bearwhale people were saying 275 was cheap as hell, now 275 is completely out of reach. This is exactly what has been going on with bitcoin since it hit 1000. People say "Damn thats cheap", buy in at 800, the demand isn't actually there beyond speculation so it drops.. then 700 is cheap.. then 600 is cheap.. then 400, 200, 175... All of these prices are, in reality, fucking *astronomically* expensive outside of speculation, and always have been. 
There is no realistic consumer demand for Bitcoin to be worth over 100 dollars, probably not even over 50. This whole thing is just a slow game by day traders and whales milking every last dollar they can out of a deflating balloon. They can't sustain it forever, they can only delay its plunge as they have been for the past year. When they said wall street was coming, they didn't mean to skyrocket bitcoin to new heights, they meant *coming to game you fools out of your money while they can*