@_author: mrc1986
@_date: 2015-12-09 06:14:43
Yeah, but it's *a lot* of circumstantial evidence.  It would take significant effort to fake some or all of this.
@_date: 2015-12-09 05:54:12
Gizmodo article is more in-depth and better sourced.  They were beat by ~90 minutes.  They probably were a day or two from publishing this on their own.  They certainly uber-fast-tracked the piece once they saw Wired's go live.
@_date: 2015-12-09 06:28:46
Not necessarily.  Look at the leaked emails (which are the best evidence so far) - in some of them, Wright speaks of the myth of Satoshi, and how he's getting credit while Wright in real life is not.  That's a classic Jekyll and Hyde of work pressure, which already is intense for people involved in academia.
Clearly Wright is quite boastful about his education and technical abilities - his LinkedIn account is like reading War and Peace.
A lot of you are not considering how meticulous and calculating a person must be to do something like create Bitcoin (and the concept of blockchain).  You all tout Satoshi's incredible genius; you treat him like an idol, yet somehow you're incapable of thinking he is smart, patient, and just a bit "mad" enough to pull a full 180 personality switch.  It's not like this is unheard of - look up different personality disorders in the DSM-5.
Navy Seals are instructed to never reveal themselves, or their completed missions.  Ever.  Yet the guy who shot Osama bin Laden still couldn't keep that a secret; it was just too monumental a moment.
The same can be said for creating something as powerful as Bitcoin, especially if the career you've made using your real name is plateauing while people are treating your pseudonym as a god.
@_date: 2015-12-09 05:52:37
Have to say, even though Gizmodo was 2nd (by a mere ~90 minutes), this article is much better - more sourced, more direct contact by journalists in Australia, more documents published.
This would be one of the most elaborate hoaxes ever, to generate this trail of breadcrumbs - both digitally and involving a decent amount of people with minimal to gain themselves.
I think this is the real Satoshi.
@_date: 2015-12-09 07:41:44
Just because Wright doesn't match your ideal picture of who Satoshi is as a person, whom many of your idolize, [doesn't mean it's not him](
@_date: 2015-12-09 05:52:11
Have to say, even though Gizmodo was 2nd (by a mere ~90 minutes), their article is much better - more sourced, more direct contact by journalists in Australia, more documents published.
This would be one of the most elaborate hoaxes ever, to generate this trail of breadcrumbs - both digitally and involving a decent amount of people with minimal to gain themselves.
I think this is the real Satoshi.
@_date: 2015-12-09 07:37:04
Agreed.  Look at the leaked emails (which are the best evidence so far) - in some of them, Wright speaks of the myth of Satoshi, and how he's getting credit while Wright in real life is not. That's a classic Jekyll and Hyde of work pressure, which already is intense for people involved in academia.
Clearly Wright is quite boastful about his education and technical abilities - his LinkedIn account is like reading War and Peace.
A lot of you are not considering how meticulous and calculating a person must be to do something like create Bitcoin (and the concept of blockchain). You all tout Satoshi's incredible genius; you treat him like an idol, yet somehow you're incapable of thinking he is smart, patient, and just a bit "mad" enough to pull a full 180 personality switch. It's not like this is unheard of - look up different personality disorders in the DSM-5.
Navy Seals are instructed to never reveal themselves, or their completed missions. Ever. Yet the guy who shot Osama bin Laden still couldn't keep that a secret; it was just too monumental a moment.
The same can be said for creating something as powerful as Bitcoin, especially if the career you've made using your real name is plateauing while people are treating your pseudonym as a god (like the author of this post and others - it can't *possibly* be Wright, Satoshi could *never* be a egotistical jerk!).  Ummm, yes, he surely could.
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:06:27
Make sure you put the shall OVER your head after you drink the cyanide-laced juice. Never under.
Lmao, "our hero".
 
@_date: 2014-03-07 16:26:35
Wow, for a guy who supposedly writes in terrible, disjointed "chain letter" English while corresponding about model trains, Dorian sounds pretty composed in this interview.
"Dorian Nakamoto clears his name".  If anything, this makes me think Dorian actually is Satoshi.
BTW, as a casual viewer of Bitcoin, why does everyone here care so much whether or not this is the real Satoshi?  Oh wait, I have an idea:
Does the luster of Bitcoin as a disruptive, anti-government technology fade away when you realize that the person/group that created Bitcoin isn't some Anonymous, "V for Vendetta" type group, but instead a curmudgeonly 64-year-old Japanese-American dude who wears fanny packs?  ha
@_date: 2014-03-06 17:09:31
And that is why you have no clue.  It's not a crime to post photos of someone's home, or post their address, or anything like that in America.  Most homes are visible from Google Street View, and addresses are public records.
Proving libel and privacy invasion is much more difficult here in America than in the U.K. or other European countries.
@_date: 2014-07-17 23:32:11
If you want to see Bitcoin rise up on par with fiat currencies (in terms of usage and acceptance), then this was inevitable.  If you are satisfied with Bitcoin (and all cryptocurrencies) being at best a niche for very computer literate individuals, or at worst treated as simply a commodity investment, then by all means say these licenses are "total bullshit".
Any currency that wants to gain full and complete acceptance and usage needs to have safeguards in place, to protect users from hacks like the Mt.Gox incident.
The crossroads is coming for Bitcoin advocates.  I find it very ironic that the same people who detest government regulations in personal finance are now going to have to embrace as such for Bitcoin in order for it to gain mainstream relevance.  I think a lot of people like you are getting a rude awakening as to why those government regulations you hate so much exist in the first place...
@_date: 2014-03-06 17:11:33
Have none of you ever heard the phrase "hiding in plain sight"?  I mean, come on...
It's circumstantial evidence, but it seems to match up.
@_date: 2015-02-05 13:56:51
That's scary, but the [case was dismissed]( as it should have been since Mr. Heicklen was not targeting specific jurors or cases, but rather informing **all** potential jurors about this right.