@_author: mrcryptodude
@_date: 2018-05-09 18:19:45


I don't think security measures preventing fraud provided by banks is a tenable argument to why Bitcoin won't replace fiat. Sure this is a nice benefit that comes with traditional banking, but the pros of the Bitcoin network outweigh that of traditional banking system.
The pro's of bitcoin include:
* Decentralization
* Framework for a global payment system
* Security (through cryptography)
* Real individual asset ownership 
I'd take these traits any day over traditional banking. Sure, there is a possibility I could lose my crypto through phishing, scams, and hacks, but **these are all preventable** as long as I take the necessary security precautions which I emphasize so greatly in the article.
By banking with the banks, I am putting all my trust and therefore responsibility in the banks which have shown time and time again to be untrustworthy. Personally, I don't want anyone to be responsible for my money but myself, and bitcoin allows for this transfer of power.
@_date: 2018-05-05 17:38:21
If you decide to get into trading understand that you have a very real chance of losing a lot of money. Crypto markets are extremely volatile and drops &amp; gains of 30% in a week aren't unheard of.


Especially as a newbie I'd advise NOT to get into to trading and rather just HODL. Spend your time learning about the industry. Watch podcasts/videos, follow current leaders in the space. Become a sponge and absorb as much information as possible.
The most important thing I emphasize is properly securing your cryptocurrency. Do NOT leave your crypto in the exchanges. Invest in a hardware wallet such as a Trezor or Nano Ledger S. Also make sure you have 2 factor authentication enabled alongside all your crypto related accounts. In a decentralized world of money. You and only you is responsible for your money. Make sure you take the necessary security measures to keep your money safe.
@_date: 2018-05-09 20:19:02




Valid points, which is why I agree that crypto is not going to be for everyone. I believe banks will still be around in the foreseeable future, but their role within society will drastically change as cryptocurrency is a highly disruptive technology.
You also have to take into account that we are still in the [early adoption phase]( of blockchain, meaning, this technology is still in it's infancy. A good analogy I've heard from [Andreas Antonopoulous]( is that blockchain right now is where the internet was in 1994.
Your points regarding security and information carelessness are valid, but I believe these quirks will ultimately 
 be solved with time as more development occurs within the space.
@_date: 2018-05-29 05:35:07
Google search operators.
I was looking for Reddit based discussion around lightning's new blog post featuring [Carol](
The search query I googled was:
    site:reddit.com 
This chainanalysis thread comes up with [your comment]( highlighted in [search result 7]( for me.
Would highly recommend learning all the [google search operators]( if you can. It's a game changer in terms of google-fu and mastering them will turn you into a true google ninja.
Especially good for crypto research :)
@_date: 2018-05-05 17:45:29
I mainly follow is Laura Shin's [Unchained](
There's a lot of good episodes, one of my favorites is [the episode with Erik Voorhees]( who is the founder of Shapshift.io
@_date: 2018-05-29 04:42:26
Well I've got to say I'm glad to have stumbled upon this thread. Very interesting read.
@_date: 2018-05-29 00:54:46
Mining is what uses so much energy since in order to mine bitcoin (or any other proof of work cryptocurrency) computational power is used which of course requires electricity. According to the [Bitcoin Energy Consumption Index]( 6.3 million U.S households could be powered by the amount of electricity used by Bitcoin miners.
This is of course... a lot. I'm unsure as to what degree we should be worried about this as I don't fully understand the implications of this statistic.
I do know however, that some cryptocurrencies such as Ethereum plan to lessen their carbon footprint by moving to a consensus algorithm known as Proof of Stake (PoS) which takes into account a users *stake* in a cryptocurrency (amount he/she holds) in order to validate blocks rather than computational power.!
@_date: 2018-05-01 13:16:01
You're probably right. This is more of a ELI15.
@_date: 2018-05-09 20:52:44


This is a technical question and I'm not exactly sure how to answer it (maybe someone with more knowledge could come in and help?)
I do know that your public and private keys are created cryptographically. I'm unsure of the technical details as to how this done and what exactly prevents replica addresses from being created other than *it's highly un-probable*.
I found this after some Googling. asked if duplicate wallet addresses can be created. responded with:














@_date: 2018-05-09 22:19:18
Nobody will cover for your Bitcoin if it gets lost or stolen... It's up to you, the individual, to ensure the safety of your cryptocurrency. Scams and fraud will be prevalent throughout the industry but it is preventable assuming you take security precautions.
I don't know how these problems will be solved. The market will decide that. I wouldn't be surprised if 3rd party companies arose providing some sort of cryptocurrency insurance. Whether or not you want to use the services is up to you.
The idea that bitcoin will not gain wide-spread adoption because of the possibility of user-mismanagement and fraud is like saying in 1994 the internet won't reach mass adoption because identify theft and scams via the internet are possible. Sure, there are risks associated with using the internet, but the benefits outweigh the risks which is why you still choose to use the internet everyday.
@_date: 2018-04-23 15:34:27
You were right the second time 