@_author: mrdavey
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:31:26
I'm pretty sure if you buy bitcoin on CoinJar via your connect Aus bank account, you won't pay GST on the purchase.
You can then use the bitcoin like any other currency and spend online or at bitcoin merchants. If you buy from Aus bitcoin merchants, then they'll have to charge you a 10% GST. You won't have to worry about anything administratively (GST is a burden on companies, not individuals as far as I understand)
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:34:09
The funny thing is that the question IS about tax, since this is a decision from the ATO (Australian Tax Office). It is not in their mission to maintain fairness in the Australian market... that would be the ACCC's job. Policy + competitiveness with the rest of the world is the government/legislatures job.
Double taxation question is similar to my other replies. The ATO can't apply separate rules to bitcion, without potentially influencing other things under the same laws. What is needed IMO is a cryptocurrency specific law or clause. 
@_date: 2014-12-19 18:35:08
It's easy to say 'just interpret it in a lenient way', but the ways our laws and legislation work is quite complex. One small change in interpretation can open a hornet's nest and affect other legislation and laws that are working rather well.
In this case, the ATO points to the GST Act and the Currency Act. They can't treat bitcoin as a currency under the GST Act, if bitcoin doesn't come under the definition of currency in the Currency Act. If they did that, then it would undermine the Currency Act and open up many more legal questions.
I agree in retaining innovators and innovation. But don't expect the government orgs to do it. Use your voting and citizen rights to affect change in parliament via new legislation specifically for cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2014-12-19 11:08:33
There is a lot of overreaction in this thread. It's quite easy to hate on the ATO because, well, they are the tax office. Everyone hates tax right?
The thing to remember here is that the ATO's job is to create rules according to current legislation. If you follow the Senate inquiry into cryptocurrencies, the ATO has specifically made it clear that this is a policy question, not an interpretation question. I.e. they are trying to force the senate/government to create policies on how to properly regulate bitcoin. The ATO does not have powers to create new laws or policies. They can only really interpret and enforce what the law tells them.
At the moment bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies do not fit into the structure of the GST act or the Currency Act, so they have interpreted it accordingly. This is a policy/government issue that needs to be addressed, which is what is happening with the Senate inquiry. 
Hopefully the senate inquiry will have a pro-bitcoin result.
The alternate solution is that a foreign country officially adopts bitcoin as its currency, which then makes bitcoin a currency according to the Currency Act. 
(i think the law will be modified/changed fairly soon)
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:35:30
Potentially! Maybe even Russia if the ruble keeps collapsing :E
It'd be great if a super progressive country (i.e. one of the Nordics) decided to adopt it as their currency. I'm not even sure if that's legal or possible, but I could imagine them trying something like that.
@_date: 2017-09-17 16:02:50
Not OP, but to name a few: Casper, Plasma, Raiden, and upcoming Metropolis upgrade (which will set it up for zk-snarks in the future)
@_date: 2015-04-21 11:29:32
From the article:
"Prosecutors analyzed approximately 500 of Liberty Reserve’s biggest accounts, which constituted 44 percent of its business. The government contends that 32 of these accounts were connected to the sale of stolen credit cards and 117 were used by Ponzi-scheme operators. All of this activity flourished, prosecutors said, because Liberty Reserve made no real effort to monitor its users for criminal behavior."
@_date: 2015-03-20 09:54:38
Have you tried checking your secondary email? Your vault is linked to 2 email addresses when you first set it up, and each withdrawal needs 2 approvals.
@_date: 2015-02-17 12:36:05
I hope everyone realises that the ATO does not MAKE laws, they can only FOLLOW them. It's great that they gave more visibility to bitcoin issues in Australia.
If you want to change the laws in Australia, then contact your local MP. 