@_author: mrdatacenter
@_date: 2015-11-30 23:23:43


Perhaps the structure of what I wrote made this confusing, but I don't think so. To quote the end of the paragraph before this (which is what you quoted is referring to):


I was simply saying that the performance characteristics of datacenters are becoming more important than the looks / aesthetics. This may make sense to you because really who cares what a data center looks like, right? Well, businesses have cared in the past, believe it or not. You had multi-year projects with very high costs and teams of engineers working on them making one-off datacenters (which others in the industry have referred to as the "snowflake" method - where each one was different). Why did they take this approach? Because each executive team that put the business case together needed to (either consciously or subconsciously) justify the cost / time being put into the project in essence leaving their legacy in the form of a datacenter. 18 months to 3 years of datacenter construction in the past coupled with 15-20 year life span and it begins to make sense why they would want to do this. I saw this is unsustainable a while ago and that was what I was referring to when I talked about prefab &amp; Compass' product.
But to answer your question, I don't think the government cares at all about the datacenter-in-a-box model since these options are, for the most part, devoid of IT gear (though that will likely change over the years). It's just backend / backplane power / cooling / fire infrastructure to support most IT gear that an enterprise would want to populate it with. If I were to wear my tinfoil hat I would look to carrier hotels, areas with a high confluence of fiber, and IT equipment manufacturers for government pressures - not the building / box that will house IT gear - though movements like the Open Compute Project (of which I am a member) are tempering this to a large extent in my opinion.
@_date: 2015-11-30 17:51:10
I concur. It's already starting to happen.
