@_author: mreverything_88
@_date: 2018-06-10 22:37:24
I just love how it’s handwaved away as a ‘joke’ now.
Ancaps, never change...
@_date: 2018-06-11 13:50:47
*Thank you*
@_date: 2018-06-11 13:56:19
If by 'participation trophy' you mean people get a fair and decent life, or at least strive towards that, then hell yeah.
Results don't do much good if not applied for the benefit of all.
@_date: 2018-06-11 14:43:50


I don't think you understand that's what caused all this trouble. Even the leftists who worked under these parameters ended up causing harm that built up to the free market orgy that's selling off all our national riches to foreign corporations in the name of 'freedom'.


And even absurdly huger wages that number in the times-millions more than needed.


You can't assume that for everybody. You can't turn decades of historical and social conditions into biological nuisances that can just be handwaved away with "nothing we can do, sorry!"


So you like elites, be they economic or political, fighting over our wealth while the world suffers from the collateral damage? Good lord. Don't you understand you have no say in this?


I think we have reached peak alienation.


This kind of simplistic third-grade logic works wonder to starvation and poverty, doesn't it? Go be successful and trample half the world in order to get your self-confirmation.
@_date: 2018-06-10 22:42:49
And if I’m right about which one it is, its corpse is now being flayed and kept from being brought back by the same forces that align with what you praise here.
@_date: 2018-06-11 14:20:40


The unemployment rates would like to have a word with you, especially here in Brazil.


That's exactly what capitalism does (unless you're one of those self-made self-reliant meritocratic entrepreneurs) just to the rich people who don't need it.


Then you should walk around a bit more, taste some fresh air.


These politicians count on you to divide the population in hateful rhetoric and stupid in-fighting over scraps instead of actually working to elect true representatives or making any sort of meaningful change to the government or the country.
It's your kind of people that helped set Brasil on the downward spiral it is today - I hope you don't do the same to wherever you live.
@_date: 2018-06-11 14:08:23


Ah, the 'lazy people' fallacy - was about time it showed up.




Bureaucracy boogeymen again - now this is getting delightful. I adore how paranoid these people are that their self-worth is entirely contained in a transitionary (if not fictional, depending on how you look at the market) values and must be protected at all costs from big bad parasites off to leech them because that's all they're worth, even if they have to engage in self-destructive behavior to fulfill their alienated sense of financial identity.
@_date: 2018-06-10 22:40:53
The randians are gonna bombard you now, mate - you’ve just triggered them with facts.
@_date: 2018-06-12 02:57:28


Your definition of 'consent' seems to deny the very basic differences in power and opportunity that you yourself are so keen in making sure we acknowledge. How much consent is there in what's basically economic coercion?


I'm not sure these voices do actually exist or are just in your head. Where's the explicit consent? Was there a referendum? Where did they speak and agree to all this? Is there any official, active endorsement of the status quo by the whole of the population is it just coerced condoning like before?


These personas weren't built single\-handed by these people in a fantasy feat of meritocracy, but through the work of a variety of anonymous individuals, just like every great empire. That you continue to support not only the facade, but the very concept of the illusion, is a sign you're willing to trample on reality to construct your idols and maybe hoist yourself up there with the same ruthlessly delusional MO.


Then help make a solution for all instead of thriving on others' suffering and claiming it's all 'cause of your extremely hard\-earned good\-will.


These people you speak of sound more and more like boogeymen to justify your devil\-may\-care attitude to the problems people face in the world \- is that how you sleep at night?


But we have the interdependence, the technical capacity, and ultimately, the \*choice\* to make sure that these talents and abilities get used for the benefit of all. That's the key to progress, both scientific and ethical \- not hoarding our wealth and opportunities.


Human history and achievement has proved that we are more than capable of changing the environment and the structures of society to make fit \- this would be no different. It's either alienated pessimism or closet denial of what one stands to lose that leads to this conformity.


Incels don't even come close in demands to people whose whole lives have been historically defined by slavery, be it explicit or 'consensual'. Plus, the means of production are a \*tad\* more important than how one gets their rocks off \- at least for the matter of getting to survive before pleasure.


Oh for Christ's sake, go walk to a shelter, to an unemployment center, to a ghetto, or to a third world wasteland and say that in the face of those people. Tell them it's all about their will to do stuff and how they're free to not be poor and how they have consent to be raped of their lives and worth. I tried to play fancy, joking, and nice, but you're just amping the ante of disgust and nonsense. It's a shame to read through this drivel and think that someone genuinely bears this level of disregard for basic humanity. Rant over.


Then let's never try new shit, alright, mate? Let's get stuck in the scavenging period 'cause everybody is too afraid of trying out agriculture because of the 'material constraints' that these lazy people who can't simply get out and hunt their food make up over and over again because they don't freely consent to starve to death because the big hunters make sure only they get the goods in exchange of the meat.
Bitcoin is supposed to be about freeing people from false equivalencies of power, not trapping them in fantasies of consent that keep them docile as their pockets are emptied alongside their brains.
@_date: 2018-06-10 22:39:54
Since you demonstrated from the comment right above this one that you’re from Brazil, I assume you’re talking about Dilma.
Do you believe the ‘Meirelles dream-team’ advocated or at least subtly leaned towards these ideas? And if not, did any administration do so?
@_date: 2018-06-11 13:50:21
Double comparison, never change...
@_date: 2018-06-11 13:54:00
I just love how it's so easy to disregard the social context that has turned our country upside-down and instead bow to the petulant struggles of market fiction, as if those magic numbers are gonna fix a thing when the people are starving and/or bloodied.
Sure, let's have things your way, so the remaining few people who manage to afford to live can enjoy whatever remains of here.
Ruddy market worshippers...