@_author: mrfrasha
@_date: 2013-02-02 07:25:01
oh interesting. My bad.
@_date: 2013-02-02 06:17:10
Depends. BTC just reach $20 USD per coin for the first time since july. Rumors of a poker network working on a system to accept BTC as payments. Now this. I would say it depends how long these things can run when compared to that poker software launching. If you time it right you could buy when these things caused increase supply and sell when the poker software launches to the increase demand.
@_date: 2013-02-01 12:37:05
I think MtGox has the "set your sell price" option?
@_date: 2013-04-16 21:59:45
I've thought it over somewhat and I think I have arrived on a more feasible alternative. 
The fix would rely heavily on using money wires to get in and out of the exchange. 
So the plan would be to set up the exchange. Have people that would like to put money into the exchange use bank wires to wire the money into the account. So here you have user A. Wires himself money to fund his newly created account. The people in the exchange then would use their computer power to operate the exchange and earn trades for free or pay fees. Then in order to cashout you could request and automated cashout where you insert the information to wire your funds to a bank account. (possible cashout fee, same scenario as trading more heavily)
Obviously this still leaves the banks as an integral part of the system but that's more or less besides the point becuase as for right now banks still play a large role in MTgox and other exchanges. The only difference with this exchange is that the ability to process transactions grows as it's users and tranction numbers grow. The fee charged for the extra transactions incentivizes more people to use their computers help the exchange. Also the fee forgiveness gives incentive for people to use this exchange over another central exchange that needs to make profit.
@_date: 2013-04-16 20:10:45
You create a program X. have people download that program. Wire transfer money in to fund their account. Each person then gets a certain amount of "free" trades. These trades are paid for by having the client run in much the same way the torrenting works. The more you leave your client open to help run the exchange the more free trades you get. Assume that you want to place orders more than you have contributed to. Then you have to pay a fee for those trades. The money from these fees could then be split up amongst all computers that are currently helping the exchange run or some standard along those lines.
In order to "cashout" you could create firms or existing firms would pop up that would allow you to cashout for a fee. So you go into money gram. Say, "I want to cashout from the exchange" they say okay send us what you want to exchange. You send then money in the exchange. They deduct a fee and take your money. Now they make money off the fluctuation of currencies and your % fee and you have real money to go spend. 
I have no idea if anything in here would lead to problems/is flawed but it seems like something that follows decent logic and could work. 