@_author: mrhodlsworth
@_date: 2018-11-30 17:12:28
I find the similarity between Nakamoto and Tamanaha interesting.  Both names have alternating consonants and vowels and they are both 8 characters long. If there is any meaning to that, I don't believe the characters themselves mean anything, given that Satoshi used the name of a real person and the likelihood of finding a last name with 8 alternating consonants and vowels is low. The likelihood would be much lower if the characters bore more significance then a simple binary code.  I don't think much information would be embedded in the last name or the characters Nour, but once decoded, it may be used as a cypher for another message that Satoshi has already provided to decode the main message. I am not skilled in cryptography though.
@_date: 2018-11-30 17:08:41
I find the similarity between Nakamoto and Tamanaha interesting.  Both names have alternating consonants and vowels and they are both 8 characters long. If there is any meaning to that, I don't believe the characters themselves mean anything, given that Satoshi used the name of a real person and the likelihood of finding a last name with 8 alternating consonants and vowels is low. The likelihood would be much lower if the characters bore more significance then a simple binary code.  I don't think much information would be embedded in the last name or the characters Nour, but once decoded, it may be used as a cypher for another message that Satoshi has already provided to decode the main message. I am not skilled in cryptography though.
@_date: 2018-11-30 17:14:23
I find the similarity between Nakamoto and Tamanaha interesting.  Both names have alternating consonants and vowels and they are both 8 characters long. If there is any meaning to that, I don't believe the characters themselves mean anything, given that Satoshi used the name of a real person and the likelihood of finding a last name with 8 alternating consonants and vowels is low. The likelihood would be much lower if the characters bore more significance then a simple binary code.  I don't think much information would be embedded in the last name or the characters Nour, but once decoded, it may be used as a cypher for another message that Satoshi has already provided to decode the main message. I am not skilled in cryptography though.
@_date: 2019-09-21 18:00:06
Thanks for your thoughts!
@_date: 2019-09-21 17:42:40
Thanks Bruce for taking the time to offer your perspective.
1) What do you think will be the short- and long-term effects of Bakkt on the price of Bitcoin and the price of cryptocurrencies in general? 
2) What are your thoughts on Stellar and would you be able to provide any insight as to the importance of Mike Kennedy (Co-founder of Zelle) taking the position of CEO at Interstellar (for-profit arm of Stellar)?