@_author: mrlibertarian99
@_date: 2018-01-25 08:24:02
I don't really understand why Andreas thinks that Coinbase won't be able to run a lightning node because of KYC (know your customer). If Coinbase runs a lightning node, then there's two ways in which that node can be used: As a hub, or as a terminal. 
If Coinbase uses their node as a hub, then they're not taking possession of the money that is being transmitted, so KYC shouldn't apply. It's true that Coinbase would be collecting fees for each transaction that takes place on their lightning node, but that isn't any different from mining blocks. A miner certainly isn't required to know the sender and receiver of a given transaction in order to add that transaction to a block, so why should Coinbase have to know the sender and receiver of a transaction that travels through their lightning node?
If Coinbase uses their node as a terminal, then KYC does apply, but that doesn't seem any different from an on-chain transaction. If you try to send money to or from a Coinbase wallet, then Coinbase may ask you where the money is coming from or where it's going, because of KYC. Once that question has been answered to Coinbase's satisfaction, I don't see why it would matter, as far as KYC goes, if the transaction happens on the blockchain or on the lightning network. 
In summary, if Coinbase acts a hub, then they won't know who the sender and receiver are, but they also don't need to know. If Coinbase acts as terminal, then they will know who the sender and receiver are, so they would be compliant with KYC. I don't see any reason why Coinbase, and every other exchange, wouldn't run a lightning node. Am I missing something here?
@_date: 2018-01-25 18:05:45
Does that mean an exchange can not act as a validator in a proof of stake blockchain? After all, wouldn't each validator have a "stake in the transactions they facilitate", since the validators have to put up a deposit before they can participate?
It seems to me like the logical distinction the government would be interested in is, "Does the node take custody of the money or not?" In the case of a miner in PoW, a validator in PoS, and a hub in the lightning network, the answer to that question is "No"; none of these entities take custody of the money at any point.
@_date: 2014-07-20 01:04:40
Another digital currency (call it inflate-a-coin) may have lower fees than bitcoin, but you can't spend inflate-a-coin at as many places, so inflate-a-coin will not be as useful to you as bitcoin. Furthermore, it is very unlikely that inflate-a-coin would ever become accepted at as many places as bitcoin is, because someone has be willing to hold inflate-a-coin in order for transactions to take place. In other words, you may be able to transfer a bitcoin and an inflate-a-coin with the same amount of ease to a merchant, but a merchant isn't going to accept your inflate-a-coin unless he knows that he can then sell it to someone else who is willing to hold it. And why would anyone want to hold inflate-a-coin, when they could be holding bitcoin?
You could argue that people would be willing to hold an inflate-a-coin, even with all of its disadvantages, because, in our hypothetical world, the bitcoin fees have simply become too high. The problem with that argument is that if bitcoin transaction fees are high, it can only be for one reason: Bitcoin users are willing to pay "high" transaction fees! 
It is a fallacy to think that transaction fees are set by something other than what people are willing to pay. If people are willing to pay $100 per transaction, then that's what the fee will be. If people are willing to pay $0.0001 per transaction, then that's what the fee will be. If miners don't like the fee that the market sets (e.g. because their mining operation is no longer profitable), then they will stop mining. As the number of miners decreases, the hashing difficulty will decrease as well, and at some point, mining will be profitable again. When this happens, the transaction fee will be exactly what people are willing to pay.
Another way to say this is that costs do not determine prices; prices determine costs. For example, when you decide how much you want to pay for a house, do you care how much money the previous homeowner spent renovating it? No, the only thing that matters is the value of the house to you. In other words, the price of the house is set without regard to cost. Likewise, when you decide how much you're willing to pay to perform a bitcoin transaction, you don't care about the miner's costs. Thus, the miner's costs have nothing to do with the transaction fees. Therefore, there is no "transaction volume" or "cost of mining" that would cause transaction fees to become "too high", beause these factors do not determine transaction fees.
Yet another way to think about this: If inflate-a-coin became as wide-spread as bitcoin, then the transaction fees would be the same for both. Why? Because if they are equally useful to you, then you would, by definition, be willing to pay the same transaction fee to perform transactions with either currency. So, why wouldn't miners charge you as much as you're willing to pay?
@_date: 2016-05-08 18:11:09
The idea that deflation is a problem is a myth. People continue to buy cell phones and computers, even though they know those goods will be cheaper in a year, because people *get tired of waiting*.
The idea that too much saving causes recessions is another myth, because it ignores the fact that businesses can adjust prices to meet demand. For example, if everyone decided to cut their spending in half, then businesses could respond by cutting prices in half, and everything evens out.
So what really causes recessions? Governments create booms by encouraging risky lending, and eventually, these unsustainable booms collapse into recessions. Governments then drag out the recessions by trying to start another boom. In other words, instead of letting the heroin addict go through withdrawal, they just keep giving him stronger doses of heroin, as if the day of reckoning can be postponed indefinitely.
Varoufakis would scoff, of course, and argue that austerity does not work. He would say that governments have no choice but to try to spend their way out of recessions. But his idea of austerity is to raise taxes to pay down the debt. A better plan for austerity is to simply default on the debt, and to start living within your means. Yes, people will lose their jobs and businesses will fail. But if we would simply let that happen, the moral hazards will go away, the reckless lending would stop, and prosperity would return.