@_author: mrmadden
@_date: 2015-06-15 22:03:50
We don't even have public IPOs every week.  You will have a valuable index in several years, but it's a little early to look to a cryptocurrency VIX at this stage.
Right now, low volatility is the key for nothing more than disproving specious, myopic arguments that price volatility makes bitcoin undesirable as a store of value.
  
Low volatility just means that the speculative froth rolling boil has calmed to a simmer.  Mark my words: we have not seen the end of price volatility.    
There's something to the saying:


@_date: 2015-06-21 23:59:55
Good job, especially on the diagramming.  Even with no multi-sig this is far better than other options in terms of privacy and usability.  Hope this sticks.
@_date: 2015-06-27 19:00:28
Won't happen.  Someone will fork it and all the people who actually want bitcoin to succeed (and own it) will back the fork.  It'll probably be the 8mb x 2 every 2 years version.  
Most of these dramatic types are backing a sidechain or alt coin scheme.   Their money isn't where their mouth is, and we're going to remember who they are next time, count on it.
@_date: 2015-06-20 17:36:20
Not enough for what?  Let's see the demand first and stop planning for fictional versions of reality.
@_date: 2015-06-16 16:31:12
Oh I had it coming.  This trading range crap is incredibly boring.  It feels like bitcoin's spirit was replaced with that of a 60 something conservative accountant who only invests in diversified government bonds.
@_date: 2015-06-09 00:13:54
It's ridiculous to stake the future of a working, production system on solutions that only exist in a white paper.  The idea that we should delay the scaling of the block size because it will increase the demand for lightning network or similar sidechain schemes is completely insane.
I agree that a lot of those dragging their feet on bitcoin XT are arguably bought, paid for, and not acting in the best interests of bitcoin at all.  Some of them have a history of this sort of thing.  Still, I don't think this justifies advocating for a "benevolent dictator".
If we actually hit any sort of congestion because of delays in adoption of XT from chicken little arguments and hand waving that don't have an actual demonstrated risk using numbers, those individuals are going to be summarily tossed out of the community.  
Never underestimate the community's capacity to ostracize people who act against the group's best interests.  Anyone who owns bitcoin isn't going to let others hurt its value for very long.  If someone pushes this this too far there will be a very long queue of people lined up to burn their posteriors at the stake, speaking figuratively of course.
@_date: 2015-06-20 14:27:54




Anyone who advises, owns, or works for groups that are building competing or complimentary protocols should recuse themselves from the discussion.  That includes anyone working for blockstream, companies working on zero confirmation schemes, side chains, and alt coins. 
@_date: 2015-06-21 19:01:14
Bip100 adds complexity because it can lower or raise the limit.  If the spec is modified so the cap can never go down and the frequency is faster than every 3 months, then it could be done safely.  You can game bip100 right now if you control a little over 20% of the mining to choke the network and force an exodus to a competing cryptocurrency or scheme.
@_date: 2015-06-20 01:21:27
Totally, Moore's law keeps going and going.  Sure there are theoretical limits, but those break too.  It will be quantum spin liquids or some other technology and we'll be back in business.   
Ideologically, I think we should build bitcoin to be as good as it can be at being *bitcoin*.  
2.0 ideas and side chains need to survive on their own merit.  Their supporters should focus on getting real, working versions live, not forcing bitcoin into a dead end so they can "save" it.  It's getting ridiculous.  At some point soon the only solution is going to be to attack them directly.  They aren't leaving many alternatives open.
Everyone should just support the 8mb x 2 every 2 years approach.  BIP100 and other moving average or voting based limits introduce the potential for too many unintended consequences.  We are making this FAR more complicated than it needed to be if we were just focusing on the computer science.  It's become a political circus.  
@_date: 2015-06-02 17:39:28
Yes and no.  We have some partners, friends, and family in, but with a handful of exceptions we have not sent out invitations to the people who have signed up from the site.  We won't do that until we are relatively sure it's safe and also a bit more refined.
@_date: 2015-06-25 19:44:58
Plenty, thanks for asking. 
[Trying to get them to rewrite the rules.](
[And over...](
[And over...](
[Working with law firms etc](
[And directly with regulators](
We also have not applied for a bit license.  I still don't see how rehashing what various companies have done on reddit moves things forward.  It's marketing, not action.
@_date: 2015-06-02 15:17:30
**The Opportunity**
We are a looking for a talented software engineer who will work with our team to build something new and amazing involving cryptocurrency.  You will need to get up to speed on existing code, work with the team to complete what is required to leave beta, and then build new functionality to continuously improve the product.
You will work closely with graphic and experience design (including one of the top XD experts in the country), marketing, product, and others to create a stunning user experience and a stable and safe backend.
**The Role**
* Software engineering for a cryptocurrency startup company
* Work remotely; we have team members in Denver, San Francisco, and Chicago
* Quickly study and learn the architecture of existing code for the service
* Write high-quality, high-performance, maintainable front-end code to exit our beta
*  Implement new features, optimize existing ones, and rapidly fix bugs
* Write high-quality, well-performing server-based code and APIs
* Work closely with team to create an excellent consumer experience
* Participate in design and code reviews; identify best practices for front-end engineering
* Test your own code, both unit and functional
* Work closely with team to create an awesome user experience
* Build something that could become very big
**What We Care About**
* Strong, demonstrated interest in bitcoin, cryptocurrency, and/or financial services
* Experience with Ruby on Rails and JavaScript required
* Basic understanding and appreciation for how proof of work cryptocurrency functions
* Self-driven, flexible, and passionate about writing code to build new products/services
* Demonstrated ability to quickly learn new tools, frameworks, and languages
* Fun to work with; interesting and opinionated
**Preferred Qualifications**
* Development experience with Bitcoin or other crypto-currencies is a strong plus
* Experience in developing highly-secure financial software
* REST APIs, OAUTH, and service-based architecture experience preferred
* Experience driving systems architecture, including build vs. buy decisions
* Experience leading and manage others
* Degree in computer science or related field of study
**What to send to careers
* Links to your GitHub, finished sites/products, or whatever best showcases your abilities
* Resume, networking brief/cover letter, etc.
@_date: 2015-06-18 22:55:22
There's a 32MB message limit and a 1MB block size limit.  The 1MB limit was put in as an emergency to limit spam, but the 32MB limit on network messages remains.  Upvoted misinformation...  This subreddit is a giant commercial for representative democracy.
@_date: 2015-06-23 02:47:49
Sounds that way, yes.
@_date: 2015-06-09 11:36:32
I chuckled.  
Hey, at least they didn't call you bitcoin's Ferengi.  Actually, the more I think about it that would be high praise.  Back to the drawing board.
@_date: 2015-06-23 19:43:01
Absolutely not, 8 inklings will not scale.  We need a voting system where we can choose how many inklings every 3 months or so, but only +/- so many inklings.
@_date: 2015-06-19 00:54:21
It's not a strawman at all.  I'm pointing out that the 8mb doubling every ~ 2 years doesn't introduce any new dynamics to bitcoin that aren't there already.  It changes a fixed cap to a variable one that grows at a fully predictable and transparent rate.
Voting on size every ~3 months and normalizing the change sounds better, but it introduces a new dynamic, voting.  This creates the potential for unintended consequences if it doesn't control for issues that we don't even know exist (such as the giant hole I just shot in BIP 100 above, for example).
So yeah, KISS is 8mb x 2 every 2 years.  Voting is with normalization sounds better, but only if you are a Pollyanna who doesn't think about unintended consequences in complex systems.  Voting introduces new variables, there are more opportunities for the devil to get into the details.  
So yeah, no on BIP 100 as proposed.  Go test it in an altcoin.  Yes on the 8mb cap with growth doubling approximately every two years.  It has a lower probability of breaking things, or making the protocol vulnerable to schemers who are looking to promote their own protocol and don't mind hurting bitcoin in the process.
@_date: 2015-06-25 18:29:16
Ok, so I think we all agree that the US has a legal and regulatory framework that allows a revolving door between government and industry, a revolving door that's used to create barriers to entry for smaller entrants while creating profits for those using the door.
This isn't anything we didn't know about before.
My question, how does this change that situation, bring anyone to a state where they have an epiphany that this situation exists, or do generally anything at all to improve things?
This is a circle jerk.  Go out and do something about it.
@_date: 2015-06-06 01:53:36
If you are really interested in this, send me a message.  What you are talking about is not easy.  There's a lot beneath the surface and a whole lot that can go very, very wrong if not done properly.
@_date: 2015-06-05 17:25:00
+1, but only if -1^^-$1 &gt; 0.
@_date: 2015-06-01 21:41:45
At least half of the people reading this are ideologically extreme in their support for bitcoin.  Meaning, they will spend discretionary income in support of it, even if the expense is seemingly irrational.
5 TB external hard drives sell for $119.00 (or equivalent in your favorite currency) plus tax.
Assume max block size every ~9 minutes, and we're talking 1.17 TB each year.  So, what?  That's $30 in hardware storage per year of bitcoin ledger growth, declining with Moore's law?
@_date: 2015-06-02 11:53:08
Bitcoin's Myspace moment.  Catchy...
Except bitcoin isn't a social media website.  It also isn't a web application.  Bitcoin isn't software either.  It's a protocol.
[Bitcoin transaction rates have grown steadily and are now testing the 1mb cap.](
There is a cost and no economic incentive to run a full node, it is less than simple to get the reference client accepting more than 8 connections through most routers, yet thousands dealt with the clunky software and run full nodes every day. Storage space isn't even the biggest hurdle, it's the current software.
Now You can call this volume "fake", assume it is "real", or claim the number of nodes could be more, but it's completely irrelevant.  The volume is there, we have an extremely well thought through contingency plan to deal with it (relative to past changes) and need to do something now.
@_date: 2015-06-09 19:01:21
Whoa now... 
I didn't have anyone specific in mind honestly.  I was making a general observation that there appears to be a positive correlation in some cases between employer and position.  
Correlation doesn't necessarily imply causation, and people like working for groups that have similar viewpoints.  It could be the reverse.
That said, this entire debate has jumped the shark.  I think people have way too much free time.  Just fire up XT and when/if the various 2.0 schemes are tested and deemed safe they'll have their time in the sun as well.
@_date: 2015-06-11 16:30:59
Because prison is overrated?
@_date: 2015-06-08 04:13:09
First you didn't read the article.  Second, if you think the future of micro-payments involves a circle or coinbase acting as payment processors between users, then you don't understand why bitcoin has value.  You are describing paypal in the early 2000s.  It didn't work then and it won't work today.
@_date: 2015-06-20 18:05:48
First the math above is sloppy and wrong.  4096mb happens in 2034 not in 2036.  There reality is block times average just over 9 minutes not 10, so that level is hit earlier than 2034 even with corrected math.
Your question is what 4gb solves that 100mb doesn't?  I have no idea.  Why?  Because we have demand right now for around 1mb blocks during peak volumes.  I have no idea what use cases will exist when demand is at 100mb or 4gb, so hypothesizing about that is an exercise in hand wavy theory crafting.  
Look, this stuff might sell to VC firms, but gumming up incremental improvements to the Bitcoin protocol over this stuff is wreckless and does more harm than good.  Even bip100 introduced all sorts of new dynamics and details that could be exploited.  Gavin's proposal solves the immediate needs, makes the majority happy, and gets the focus back on harder problems.  This debate has long since jumped the shark and people are starting to get really angry.  And they should be.  Pretty soon it's time for the torches and pitchforks.  
@_date: 2015-06-09 20:02:44


If someone shot you in the stomach, and you are losing blood, you don't tell the EMT in the ambulance to not give you a blood transfusion, because the "solution" is to have surgery to remove the bullet and sew the hole in your stomach. You need the transfusion now or else you'll bleed out and die before you ever make it to the operating table.
The problem here is your definition of "solution".  Raising the cap is a solution, because at current transaction growth rates, we're going to be hitting a point of congestion very soon.  20mb delays this well down the road and prevents exsanguination before we get to the operating table.  
I have the same issue with the term "legitimate".  These are academic arguments.  We need to do something soon to address a short term problem.  This is a legitimate concern, and is separate and distinct from a longer term solution.  Kicking the can down the road is fantastic sometimes, especially when the alternative is worse.
[I threw out the 40% compounding block limit increase aligned with difficulty increases eight months ago before it was proposed by anyone else, so I absolutely prefer a scaling solution that follows a curve safely under extrapolated historical bandwidth growth rates.](
I'm not going to fixate on the idea though.  The time for these ideas was 8-12 months ago, not today.  Raise it to 20mb and this buys time to work on 2.0 protocols or scaling block caps so we only have to deal with perhaps another hard fork one more time down the road.
@_date: 2015-06-27 12:17:41
Can you sign a message from an address with any significant amount of bitcoin to prove you actually use it and aren't here pumping some shitty alt coin or other scheme?
That is all.
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:41:14
I think a pretty good summary of how I feel about memes in general is that they are ok but really they get tired and old and, well,
THERE IS A REASON BALLS EXIST.
@_date: 2015-06-12 12:00:24
You must have missed the memo.  Lawsky announced on his last day at the DFS that NYC will now have have six (6) boroughs: the Bronx; Brooklyn; Manhattan; Queens; Staten Island; and Argentina.  Please be aware that tangoing without a BitLicense is now a felony.
@_date: 2015-06-16 16:25:14
Deflationary currency has nothing to do with it.  The majority of people don't know what the term "deflationary currency" means.  I don't see a lot of middle class people saying "oh bitcoin, no way.  that's deflationary.  there's a fixed supply so the value will go up, which makes me want to hoard it and not spend it."  
The issue is that new users aren't adopting bitcoin.  That's because there isn't a compelling reason for them to change their behavior.  Even if there was a compelling reason for them to change their behavior and use what is effectively a new currency with extremely complex technical underpinnings (a second currency is a concept that 90% of people can't easily conceptualize, leaving out all the bitcoin complexity), most would still not do it because it would require a change in their behaviors and habits.
Bitcoin will either take a long time to catch on (we are talking young people get old), or the amount of "learning" required to use it needs to drop precipitously.  I think the two biggest hopes for nearer term mainstream adoption are hardware wallet integrations to common computing devices, and using bitcoin as a form of currency across video games.
I would seriously put video games first in line too.  Video games are entertainment, but are also social learning experiences.  If Activision, Riot Games, and others were smart... they would load up on bitcoin and then incorporate it into their multiplayer games.  If you want to get bitcoin into the mainstream, it needs to become video game currency.  That's where it could take root fast.
@_date: 2015-06-01 11:24:16
Hey now, imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, right?
@_date: 2015-06-29 22:39:22
What?  I'm correct.  Doesn't being correct count for something these days?  
@_date: 2015-06-16 18:22:15
[This much?](
@_date: 2015-06-09 00:18:50
Lightning network is a white paper.  Awesome job on stealth addresses, but proposing that we solve the scaling issues of a very solid production protocol using a solution that exists only in a white paper is bat shit crazy.
@_date: 2015-06-04 23:46:20
I'll stop by and have a beer.
@_date: 2015-06-16 16:06:30
Wow, I sound like a bitter old man.  
Bottom line, unless bitcoin is used exclusively as a exchange layer between other currencies, or exclusively in tiny amounts for micro-transactions, the current price is impossible to explain rationally.  With 14m and change bitcoin in circulation, the market cap is $3.5b dollars.  That's the low end range for a mid-cap stock.  
$790m in VC money have been put into bitcoin related startups, and that investment is accelerating greatly.
If you break down that $790m in VC money, the majority of it has been put into payment processors, exchanges, wallets, and hardware plays.  Most of these companies succeed only if bitcoin is used as a form of currency AND they are successful.  
The financial services industry, and by that I mean all it (all types of banks, exchanges, hedge funds/ investment companies, brokerages, tax and accounting systems, payment rails/networks, government regulatory bodies / public costs) costs a LOT of money.  If you consider all of the costs, it's conservative to say that it consumes 10% of the world's productive capacity.
Bitcoin offers the potential to automate out most of the economic costs of the present financial system, which has about 10% friction with externalities like fraud (using this term very broadly), so why would VC's invest $790m in a system that's only valued at $3.5b?  VC's have invested over 22% of the entire market cap of bitcoin in companies that mostly offer services and technologies that will only be profitable if bitcoin use grows.  
If the price stays at $245, just in terms of comparing and contrasting the size of traditional financial companies to world gross domestic product, those VC's are guilty of some seriously irrational exuberance investing so much in such a small pond.
If that's the case, we are in for a major correction, because these startups are going to start going bankrupt (especially mining companies), which will put downward pressure on the price.
If that's not the case, the price has to go up or else the VC money won't earn a reasonable return.  
I don't see room for a middle ground where the price stays where it is, even if there is intentional price fixing going on in advance of the CFTC getting up to speed or some other regulatory body jumping on this, perhaps prematurely.  [Bitcoin can't be manipulated as easily as a precious metal.](  Taking delivery is just too easy.
The price is either going to be much lower with another cryptocurrency taking the front position, or much (much) higher.  This is a temporary lull.  It could go on for years, sure, but it's absolutely not the end state.
@_date: 2015-06-02 16:12:33
[Yeah, well I wouldn't exactly call you a dim bulb either.](
Congrats on the gig by the way!  That reminds me I owe one of your co-workers a follow up that I'm like two months late on or something.
@_date: 2015-06-20 12:22:36


No, they don't see the writing on the wall.  This is pure conjecture.  Bitcoin is very good at being what bitcoin is, but not what was pitched to a venture capital company who funded eight figures.
The 8mb cap proposal makes the most sense, doesn't introduce new dynamics, and solves the immediate problem.
The rest of you that don't believe in bitcoin and make sweeping statements like it won't scale are free to go start your own cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2015-06-07 21:44:28


Fixed that for you.  Also, if you add up all of the little issues they've had, it doesn't add up to much $ at all.  Look at what happens to centralized services, even coinbase.  User controlled wallets are superior, not crap technology.
@_date: 2015-06-10 08:26:41
Those aren't issues you listed, they are subjective properties.  Your fix for "Privacy" or "Usability of crypto" is not the same as someone else's.
I don't mean to offend anyone, but this is getting ridiculous.  This place is turning into a real zoo.
@_date: 2015-06-30 00:06:32
That's pretty much exactly how I feel about it.  50% is the broadband growth rate, which is historically significantly slower growing than storage and processing.  That keeps full nodes within easy reach of hobbyists, amateurs, or any individual who wants to run their own "bank".
Voting, moving averages, and more elaborate schemes based on white papers are rube goldberg machines solving different problems.  The block size issue is very specific and needs to be addressed now.  It's time for people to start getting more vocal and back a simple scaling increase approach.
@_date: 2015-06-18 22:58:16
This.  So much misinformation being upvoted.  What a circus.
@_date: 2015-06-19 01:12:11
If you concede to letting miners raise the cap, you should also let them lower it?  That's a textbook definition of the comparative virtue excuse ethical fallacy.  Something being equally or less bad than something else doesn't mean adding it won't make things worse.
8MB blocks don't add "massive centralization risk".  5 TB drives sell for under $120.  That's over 4 years at 20mb blocks, about $30 a year for almost 3 x the capacity proposed for the next 2 years.
@_date: 2015-06-02 18:17:32
I'm not supposed to speculate, but barring some sort of drastic change in regulation or something else we cannot control I can't see how we wouldn't be.
@_date: 2015-06-29 22:02:09
50% bi-annually is 50% every two years.  It needs to increase no more than 50% annually.  *2.25 bi-annually is fine, not *1.5.  Alternatively *1.225 semi-annually would also be OK.  I really don't see the point of having large steps, but ultimately I don't care.  No more than 50% a year and I'm happy.  40% is safer.
@_date: 2015-06-11 11:34:30
...said every infosec person doing a code review in the world who no one liked, ever
@_date: 2014-02-18 02:14:37
Lawsky, do you know what kind of regulation I would approve?  Regulate these forums.
Specifically, mandatory jail sentences for anyone who posts a meme, and background checks before users can post content.  The background check can be a simple IQ test, you can make up the rules around pass vs. fail there.
What do you say?  Help us out.  needs regulation.
@_date: 2014-11-12 21:09:53
I couldn't agree more.
[Please sign up for the Novauri US closed beta and we will waive your transaction fees for life.  Novauri lets you buy and sell bitcoin, but doesn't ask for control of your money, and never have access to your private keys!](
@_date: 2014-11-23 00:43:49
At least two of those from your list are issues that do need to be addressed.  
Mining centralization is a problem.  When ghash.io hit 55%, we had previously been in a price recovery.  It tanked when that happened, confidence was shaken up, and things were set back. 
Blockchain size is another one, especially if we want to keep running a full node or non-pool mining accessible to hobbyists or small scale part time parties. 
@_date: 2014-04-04 04:37:23
But your risk is also reduced.  It's sound advice.
@_date: 2014-06-13 20:59:30
Gee, I wonder if a competing pool would benefit from making their competition less profitable?  No, couldn't be that, not possible.
@_date: 2015-06-18 23:22:01


That is not an apples to apples comparison.  Miners can decrease the block size if they win a block.  BIP 100 allows them to vote with every coinbase for a new limit, and every 12,000 blocks / 3 months the top/bottom 20% values are tossed, and the most repeated minimum vote amount is used, which cannot exceed 2x the previous 12,000 block limit.
That's not the same thing as winning a block and choosing to put in fewer transactions.  This is a voting system where miners can influence the maximum block size accepted for a 12,000 block period for all miners.  
Making such a sloppy comparison is dangerous.  Let me give you an example.  Let's say I've invested, oh, I don't know, eight figures in side chains or 2.0 protocols.  I have friends who mine and make most of their income through the coinbase reward, not transaction fees today.  Maybe I control a pool as well and win 30% of blocks?  
What is to stop me from repeatedly voting /BV100000/ for a 12,000 block period, and getting 10% of the block votes for a consistent 100KB cap?  What if other miners are not consistent in their choices and choose 8000000, 7500000, or other values, and by sheer consistency I'm able to drop the block size limit well below what is needed to run the network today?  
Or maybe I play the long game, wait for 5MB blocks to become common, and then force the size down to 1MB in order to force a safety value effect.  I now create an incentive for users to adopt my now live and in production non merged sidechain to escape the now 3 month log jammed bitcoin, screw over the community, but make myself incredibly rich as all the bitcoin money becomes demand for my own cryptocurrency?
Now we need a floor to prevent attacks in the other direction.  Dynamic block limits are not fully baked.  The people coming up with these ideas are a hell of a lot smarter than most of the people in this sub, but advocating them is dangerous.  
I think an 8mb cap doubling every 2 years is the safest, simplest solution. It doesn't create new influences by network participants/miners that we haven't possibly figured out.  Voting is a new dynamic.  It's unprecedented.  Pilot it in an alt-coin and come back here with a case study.  BIP 100 isn't ready for production bitcoin.  There are too many gotchas.
@_date: 2014-11-20 00:14:29
Read my past posts on reddit and tell me I need to go learn my stuff.  Holy @  Give me a break.  I would like to forget some of what I know.  My blood pressure would probably be lower and my wife and pets would like me more.
@_date: 2014-10-30 06:28:48
It's fixed you rock "novauristephy".
I was only seeing that one using firefox on a mac.
Reddit sure is a great place for free UAT.  Hmm...
@_date: 2014-11-03 02:25:26
Time already has told.
Gold has been considered a store of wealth in almost every culture that had access to it again and again over thousands of years, including cultures that had no interaction with each other.  The meaning of the phrase "intrinsic value" has nothing to do with it, and the assertion that its valuation is subjective is a convenient oversimplification.
Subjective?  Yes, subjectively decided independently by billions and billions of people over time in vastly different cultures all over the world.  This thought is repeated as if this subjective valuation was some person who decided gold had value and can be turned on of off like a light switch, and not both a recurring trend and a belief system deeply held in almost every major Country, and vehemently in China and India to the point where it is intertwined in religious belief and deeply steeped in culture, just to name a few.
The simple test is, if you had five pounds in gold bars sitting on your coffee table, would you put them out on the curb with a sign that says "free", you know, because the phrase "intrinsic value" has no meaning?
If you are right and I am wrong, why does gold trade for value on open exchanges?  Also, how many ounces of gold have been mined from asteroids to-date, and what is the cost per ounce of mining an ounce of gold from an asteroid?  
Bitcoin has intrinsic value as well, because people believe in it.  It serves unique purposes that gold or paper cash can't accommodate.  Schiff is very wrong about bitcoin.  Even so, stating that the term "intrinsic value" needs to die and getting frustrated because people value gold is silly, academic elitist foolishness.  Gold is part of human history and has outlasted every other empire or Country that has issued a currency.  Taking the other side gives you a very high probability of being wrong, and I don't think there are many gold asteroids landing in India and China anytime soon.
@_date: 2014-11-15 17:08:53
If governments mandated closed loop systems there would still be leakage into free systems, but of enough of these closed systems overlapped, there would be a tipping point where unidentified transactions would be conspicuous.  This could create an exodus to a more anonymous altcoin, or enable levels of surveillance so excessive that they meaningfully distort economic decisions to the point of it being deleterious to growth and prosperity.  Bitcoin is a global public ledger, just think about it.  I would like to avoid those outcomes.
@_date: 2014-02-25 22:30:41
Ok... that's actually pretty good. Upvote.
@_date: 2014-04-23 19:39:12
The incident was fully explained later.  Why are you posting partial information when the incident was figured out?  The incident wasn't BTC-E, it was the liberty exchange API being hacked.


@_date: 2014-05-24 20:20:02
Evidence?  Technically, there is no evidence that mt gox is insolvent.  The question is why wont they agree to an audit and prove their solvency? 
@_date: 2014-12-06 03:58:43
Um, yeah.
@_date: 2014-11-19 14:33:35
See other comments.  Recommend you go try to merge mine yourself for a month, compare it to using a pool, and report back to us your findings.
@_date: 2014-12-28 18:58:11
[You can always can sign up for our US beta test for Novauri.](
It's US only to start, beginning around April 2015.
We also need to comply with regulation, but because of our design we never have the ability to freeze or seize your assets.  The service will also work with any address you register to your profile for buys (and receives).  We KYC you, not your choice of wallets.
For what it's worth, I don't know the particulars of the situation with Coinbase, and I'm a bit skeptical about some of the hyperbole, but I can tell you our policies are transparent.  You can read them on our website.  
Typically if your identity or your account information is on one of many lists, or doesn't belong to you, we may have to not let you use our service or take other action.  We cannot do business with you if you are using the funds to launder money, break various laws, or buy illegal items.  If you mention to us that you are using our service to buy illegal drugs, well, we have to report you to the Treasury and law enforcement, for example.  Our personal views on drug law in the US are irrelevant; if we don't comply we go to jail.  Pretty simple.
What we do not plan to do is monitor your use of bitcoin after it's in your personal wallet, or track you like some kind of surveillance service and see where funds move once they are out of our hands.  There is no clear law about this type of activity as a requirement and we feel that such activity would potentially open our company up to liability, as we do not own or control these accounts, and have no legal right to monitor or control their use.
Besides, the blockchain is public.  If law enforcement or regulatory bodies wish to monitor this type of activity they don't need our company to do it.
Again, I am skeptical that these issues are 100% coinbase's fault though.  Seems like a bad decision for business.  Having trouble buying that it was 100% their call.  If I was a betting man, I would say it is much more likely the people affected were already in trouble with the law in some way.  
@_date: 2014-11-26 05:21:42


Or you go with plan B:
* Sign up for:  to buy and sell bitcoin
* Don't place a lot of "trust" in Novauri
* Keep 100% control of your own private keys easily and transparently
* Don't pay for extra security and insurance because it's unnecessary
* Get a better deal
Yes, so maybe plan B is better?
@_date: 2014-02-16 16:17:24
Because all of the tools to prove you are a viable business are in place without regulators.
You realize that Mt. Gox can sign for a bitcoin address with a balance to prove they have funds, right?  Any guesses why they haven't done this?  
It's because they are insolvent.  If you are too lazy or inept to have figured out how bitcoin works, then you shouldn't be in the market when it's this young.  
@_date: 2014-12-20 09:14:33
The last real issue was August 2010 when a bug allowed for the creation of a ton of bitcoin.  It's been bullet proof ever since.  I don't consider transaction malleability a bug.  That was a screw up with the way exchanges were looking up transactions, not with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-26 22:19:47
Should I copy others and pay shills to do it for me?  Ok, that was bad...  I had to do it.
Posting about your business on reddit is like signing up for an internet tough guy cage fight death match.  I love it, keeps me on my toes.
@_date: 2014-11-04 06:14:45
[Remember, Western Union's William Orton also laughed at the telephone, refusing to buy the patent for a paltry sum.](
Yet Western Union went on to launch the first commercial satellite into space in joint partnership with the US military, and continued to serve as an extremely innovative force in technology during the middle of the 20th Century.
Most companies die when they are faced with a superior technology that they didn't invent.  Western Union is one of the few exceptions.
They were hit with the telephone, and reinvented the telegraph into a money wire system.
When they were hit with email, the telegram system folded, but they diversified and focused on other work.
Western Union is probably the most conservatively run company that you can think of, and they certainly aren't what I would call risk takers, but don't count them out of the fight.  New technology doesn't usually kill off old technology, we still have cash, lanterns, horses, and courier services, after all. 
@_date: 2014-11-16 06:27:47
You seem to have something against blockstream.  Look, I agree that sidechains are no where close to fully baked, but I don't see how an offramp to a competing currency via sidechains is any more dangerous to core bitcoin as if I had created NC ^TM as a true altcoin, e.g. Ethereum.
The net of it is, NC ^TM would have demand, and people would sell bitcoin to fund purchase of NC ^TM.  This is no different from how Ethereum sold ether in return for BTC.
All of these things would impact the price of bitcoin negatively, lower the economic incentive to mine bitcoin, and have all of the other deleterious effects that brings with it.  
I think sidechains with merged mining helps bitcoin.  I think sidechains with non-merged mining is as damaging as an altcoin that doesn't use merged mining, but I do not see how it is worse.  Maybe I don't get it, but it just feels like a gimmick.  I think they are equally damaging.  If you can convince me otherwise, please do.
@_date: 2014-06-11 06:27:10
Henny Penny, more commonly known as Chicken Little and sometimes as Chicken Licken, is a folk tale with a moral in the form of a cumulative tale about a chicken who believes the world is coming to an end. The phrase "The sky is falling!" features prominently in the story, and has passed into the English language as a common idiom indicating a hysterical or mistaken belief that disaster is imminent.  It's thought that Henny Penny may be distantly related to the boy who cried wolf.
The TV personality analyst guy who impulsively exclaimed that the price of bitcoin would collapse if it ever gained mass acceptance was unintentionally  and momentarily Henny Penny claiming that the sky is falling.  
The point being, skies don't fall, and prices don't collapse when you are pricing them in the thing that you claim is going to collapse.  Ten divide by one is still 10.  Bitcoin isn't a more efficient means of exchanging fiat currencies as the TV personality mistakenly believes.  Given time, it's a vastly superior and stable replacement.
@_date: 2014-11-10 21:38:01
This is a fantastic new development and should help banks be a little less terrified when dealing with bitcoin businesses.  
Thank you FinCEN!
@_date: 2014-07-19 04:33:12
It's tricky to believe this stuff when there's nothing substantial to look at and an overabundance of fancy marketing materials and videos.  I hope this isn't a big scam.  
If it is a big scam, you will be giving folks like Benjamin Lawsky all the ammunition they need require new virtual currencies have a "bit license".  I really hope that's not what  you are doing, for your sake.  
Where is the github repository containing the code that determines how many redundant copies of an encrypted chunk of data exist, how that works for data stored over longer periods with infrequent access, and how fees are derived from this information?  What is the proof of work system that confirms that a chunk of data was delivered upon request and that a node should be paid?  
I see claims for maidsafe of near instant confirmations, much lower / no fees, distributed ledger, no mining necessary / power efficient.  I have to say that sounds like bs.  I would like to see the Storj's codebase repository that makes up your blockchain.  Where is that?
How does storj deliver fault tolerance, especially for files that are accessed infrequently and stored for long periods of time?  What about really slow connections, or file chunks that are partially delivered but lose connectivity?  When is delivery achieved and payment due?  Where is the code for that?
How is the data encrypted?  How is that encrypted chunk identified and indexed efficiently so the network quickly can see how many copies are out in the wild?  How does the network know if a copy is actually there, is there a requisite heartbeat function, and how does that work without becoming a massive ledger?  Are the heartbeats effectively prune-able transactions to keep ledger size down, but how do we track payment due then?
Where can we see the code for these things?
Thank you.  
@_date: 2014-11-19 14:41:01
It doesn't matter why you think what happened happened, just that it did.  And yes, imagine if there had been a 51% attack!  
Over the last few weeks the most popular sound byte in the media about crypto had been "the blockchain is amazing technology, forget about the currency."
Do you think the mainstream response to a 51% attack will be calm and pragmatic?  They are idiots who don't perform even minimal due diligence before writing articles or speaking loudly about bitcoin on national television.  It's as if Leni Riefenstahl and Joseph McCarthy had a love child, the kid grew up to be Jim Carey's character from dumb and dumber, and he was put in charge of crypto currency reporting at all of the major news circuits.
@_date: 2014-12-10 17:54:01




By allowing consultants to provide remote consulting services using video chat, and eventually holographic chat to anyone in the world who would like to purchase their services.  If I want to consult with a Chinese oncologist who based in Beijing, an interior designer based in Russia, or a psychiatrist who happens to be traveling in sub-Saharan Africa, paying for their services will be difficult or impossible.  With bitcoin, services can be billed by the second, and paid without any international settlement process.  Entirely new markets for goods and services will be created.


Sure, lots of things could happen.  What's your point?
@_date: 2014-06-14 15:27:25
I was going to make a snotty comment about this being more of an opinion poll that a study, and it is, but I like the pretty pictures and Gavin kidnapping jokes.
@_date: 2014-04-26 18:00:50
Me.  I buy when the price dips on rumors.  By doing this you also take coins at a discounted price from the manipulators who are selling to crash the price.  
When you hear China rumors, it's a massive buy signal as long as they create a drop in price.  If enough people catch on to this basic rule of trading, the rumors will stop because they will no longer be effective.
This is amateur hour.   Shit like this doesn't happen in stock markets.  The traders are too savvy.  
Like taking candy from babies here in bitcoin land, let me tell you.
@_date: 2014-02-23 03:26:07
How does putting a sticker over the receive address sticker at a retailer allow you to steal from my cold wallets?
@_date: 2014-06-14 15:30:30
Better headline: Chinese Payment Association has an opinion about bitcoin, and is likely trying to manipulate the market, but has no authority. 
@_date: 2014-03-10 01:29:05
Then why do you accept bitcoin deposits before someone has L1 or higher verification?  So you can steal their money because of your policy?
@_date: 2014-11-02 00:10:49


I've never been a big fan of consensus science or hero worship.  Nuclear war is theoretical too right now, as is a extinction level meteor impact or gamma ray burst.  I believe those are worthwhile theoretical problems to worry about, and so is this one.


You are completely right.   That's a huge benefit.  I'm not claiming to have the answers, but I wanted to rekindle the discussion.  Someone somewhere may have an answer.  Someone much smarter than me I'm sure.
@_date: 2014-03-04 17:01:36
I can go out to tor sites and buy millions of personal information profiles, including card numbers, CVV, whatever I want for a price.
Knowing that, how do you plan to prevent massive credit card fraud?  Visa and MasterCard won't let you continue as a merchant if you have a high chargeback rate.
Also, are you classified by the networks as pseudo-cash?  That means that whoever buys bitcoins will receive a cash advance fee and immediate 19% interest.
There's a lot that can go wrong with this, I hope you know what you are doing.  It doesn't seem you do from this post.
@_date: 2014-05-26 06:07:40
@_date: 2014-11-19 21:57:16
And here is where his argument falls apart:
"We estimate that the energy power devoted to bitcoin mining has increased by a factor of at least 10 billion. Most of this is pure waste as the system could be maintained on a single server. A single operator could avoid most of this waste."
Sure, and the entire banking and financial services sector could be maintained on a single server as well, if it wasn't for the multi-trillion dollar incentive to hack that server and change the ledger balances to make the hacker rich.  
You could also store the Russian and US ICBM launch codes on one server instead of two and save money that way also.  Come on...  Give me a break.  Go back to "blockchain tech is awesome forget the currency".  At least that mildly amusing.
@_date: 2014-02-28 06:00:30
This would never work.  It looks great to a non technical person, but this plan is no good.
Gox is a spaghetti coded php and MySQL mess that breaks under load.  Auditing Gox doesn't magically rebuild the technology behind the exchange.
The guy you ask to step down in step 1 is the guy who coded the spaghetti.
Nope, not even close to a plan.  That exchange won't run safely enough to recoup the losses and would be at greater risk of disaster without the guy who coded it around to know what broke.
Everything else is great with your plan, but you missed the root cause of the issue.  A beta platform scaled beyond it's breaking point.  Sorry if you lost money on Gox.
@_date: 2014-11-07 23:51:43
Funny story, bitpay is a major pain in the butt to use if you are running Tor browser.  It triggers cloudflare, and then doesn't run their little bitpay div.
As far as bitcoin companies go, I like bitpay, but perhaps for a service such as Tor you should consider taking direct donations rather than using a 3rd party?  It just doesn't make any damn sense...
@_date: 2014-03-17 22:17:00
This was news last Friday...
@_date: 2014-04-16 01:10:06
+10.  SNL has never regained what it was with him as a cast member.
@_date: 2014-10-23 04:06:23
I don't think that tablets or smartphones are good analogues for bitcoin.  Better analogues for bitcoin are TCP/IP or the evolution of file sharing software.  
That said, yes, it could take 5 or 10 years to go fully mainstream.  No one really knows.  I think that just like the ARPANET or Napster, bitcoin is still incredibly useful now and will continue to be more and more useful, even before it's adopted more broadly.  
I guess that's bad news for people trying to make a quick buck, but that's how new technology happens.
@_date: 2014-04-15 04:10:55
This also just in, George Bush and Dick Cheney not visiting European nations this spring.  Also Edward Snowden not nominated for congressional Medal of Honor for doing the right thing, selfless sacrifice and patriotism.
@_date: 2014-11-07 23:43:30
Ok, that was some quality satire; here, take my money.
10000 bits @_date: 2014-04-08 02:31:08
"Crypto-currency" should never be used to describe bitcoin currency.  Digital currency or bitcoin works.  Crypto scares the @ out of people.  You might as well call it "Drug-Dollars" or "Pedo-Cash".
@_date: 2014-05-27 17:27:44
No.  It absolutely doesn't prove "bitcoin solvency", whatever the heck that term means.
If my books say my customers possess:
*$150m in fiat deposits (total across all currencies and accounts)
*183,000 bitcoins
but one of my evil employees stole 100% of my bitcoin and fled to South America somewhere...
I can use my $150m in fiat deposits to buy back the 183,000 bitcoins, and pass the "audit" above with flying colors.
Now, I am also out of fiat, although my customers don't know it until enough of them try to take out their cash all at once, which may never happen.  If I can freeze up some accounts because of "regulatory requirements", those funds are off limits and can be counted as reserves, even if they are not there, so an aggressive KYC policy is mandatory if I'm in this situation.
I could even take out loans against collateral held in deposit and purchase the missing bitcoins wtih loans, which would be a less criminal thing to do.
A full financial audit of fiat and BTC balances, including any loans taken out by the company (their balance sheet) is what is needed to give some reassurance.
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:21:48
That's an awfully binary view of law enforcement.  I'll give you the rich and powerful get a completely asymmetrical amount of attention when their panties get in a bunch, but there are plenty of laws that are enforced in order to promote the greater good.
In this case, if there were shenanigans, it's important to crush those involved and send a clear message.  If that doesn't happen, sociopaths will rush in to fill the void.
And look it, it's entirely possible their CEO was just monumentally incompetent and had no experience in financial services.  If the guy did stuff like try to use USD deposits to shore up his business because BTC were stolen and cover it up, I wouldn't even hold that against him too much.  
Now, I find that exceedingly difficult to believe.  Any garden variety banking consultant is going to tell Gox they need to reconcile their bank and book balances, which would have revealed this "missing 744k bitcoin" issue LONG before it was 744k deep in the hole.  
We'll see what happens.  I'm not going to presume judgement, even though I would bet there's some funny business going on here.
@_date: 2014-12-24 22:22:52
Oh, I know.  That's why it's marked "not final".
It's complicated.  We may go to beta with a simplified model.  
Suffice it to say, keys will almost certainly be created locally in browser (or extension - which has many advantages) using signed JS for in browser.  Of course this carries an inherent security risk as an insider could monkey with the JS in browser, or a MITM could conceivably alter the package and deliver something else.  
To the point of your question, if we do JS locally, it's going to be from one of the few trusted libraries, likely this one:  
If you are interested in this stuff, we are looking for advisors and also potentially bringing on more people full or part time.  Message me or send email to careers  I think we may post something here in a few weeks, it's subject to some funding details though.
Edit: removed some detail we're not ready to share.
@_date: 2014-12-04 06:20:51
What, you haven't picked up on the supernintendo thing?  Isn't Bill Cosby in some sort of trouble for doing something gross?  I stopped reading the news, I don't have time.
@_date: 2014-11-03 20:56:03
Fair enough...


Even the definition of intrinsic references gem stones and stars, one of which is arguably subjective and the other very much not.
It's easy to see how gold has intrinsic value, because it's physical, can't be profitably counterfeited, and has been valued over many thousands of years.
Schiff doesn't understand bitcoin, so he assumes it's a mobile telephone application that can be deleted.  He assumes its a fad that could go out of style, and be replaced by Bitcoin 9 or Bitcoin Yosemite.  He doesn't understand it as an iterative, living thing that is "out in the wild" and can't be put back in the bottle.  Bitcoin is decentralized, almost like a virus.  Its something that isnt going away and evolves around roadblocks.  This is something he doesnt understand.
So unless the world was EMP blasted back into the stone ages, bitcoin is going to survive.  Even if someone cracks SHA256 and RIPEMD160 entirely, someone would simply recreate the blockchain using secure hash functions and it would rise again stronger.
Also, bitcoin has utility and value.  It's absolutely the only currency that works well for anonymous markets.  I am not taking any ideological position here, but I do believe that these markets are not going away (see Prohibition).  Bitcoin is also incredibly valuable for international value transfer.  This will catch on very soon.  It has great utility even as a payment mechanism in more mainstream channels too, although this is greatly overhyped by silicon valley and others.
Any time you have invulnerability and a demand, you have intrinsic value.  Schiff just needs to take a few computer science and biology courses.  Hes not quite there.
He also "talks his book" pretty rabidly, and sees bitcoin as competition when he should be seeing it as a complimentary entity.  I don't think he will get it though.  It isn't in the stars for him.
@_date: 2014-05-03 16:06:13
Bitcoin protocol should be bitnet.  I like bitnet.  Bitcoin protocol is like calling the internet the internet protocol suite.
Bits and satoshis.  I am not crazy about the lower case icon for bits.
@_date: 2014-03-26 00:09:06
Insider Tweets Mark Karpeles 'Found' 670.000 bitcoin after two large men dangle him upside down from skyscraper terrace
@_date: 2014-12-28 20:32:23
That's common for national security letters.  I believe Apple did this for a long time.
@_date: 2014-11-19 02:02:33
We never claimed that we don't do any marketing.  We don't spend money on marketing.  I also generally don't care for marketing and hate commercials.  I also hate reruns and most romantic comedies as well, although there are a few exceptions to that, it's not a rule.
That said, I have to launch a bitcoin brokerage and I need beta testers.  If I don't tell people about it, it will never go live.  
Now, I could be like some other services and pay for an evil viral marketing astroturf firm to spam up the forums 24/7, but I'm not doing that or turning the forums into a cesspool of fake posts and responses.  
I still have to let people know what we are building.  If you like or don't like it, that's why there are upvote and downvote buttons.  That why they exist.
@_date: 2014-11-16 19:26:39
Thanks, I'll take a look.
@_date: 2014-10-29 18:46:56
That's between me and my therapist, buddy.
Fun fact though, dozens of people I know have seen that image over and over.  The only two who had the same impression as you were female.  2 in 6 females thought that, 0 / at least 20 males.  I wouldn't call that a statistically sound sampling, but it's a pretty stark difference along gender lines.  I would have guessed men would think that way.
I guess I'm more focused on trying to help people join the bitcoin economy, but thanks for the observation.
@_date: 2014-10-29 21:27:48
I'm not upset.  That was hilarious and I don't know why you got downvotes.  What's the point of doing all this if you aren't going to take a joke and have a good time?
@_date: 2014-12-06 21:20:08


What?  non-HD wallets is NOT a security issue.


I'm so tired of reading about this silliness.  Address reuse is NOT a security issue in the context of other wallets on bitcoin.org.  Why?  Because that site lists wallets that have to comply with the BSA - which requires ID validation and data retention.  If you use any service that buys and sells bitcoin and keeps custody of your private keys, those companies are validating your identity and required to keep a log of your PI and account data (including all addresses used) for at least 5 years, 7 under SOX regulation (and most retain it indefinitely in practice).  
Any web wallet in fact isn't really going to be secure as it relates to address reuse.  The only time you should even worry about address reuse is if you use a local wallet where no 3rd party has a record of your addresses.  Then it can help you not make a mistake if you are trying to maintain your privacy.


And guess what?  Green Address and Hive also use javascript yet are listed on bitcoin.org.
You just made a pretty strong argument that the decision to take bc.i down was a mistake, and quite possibly orchestrated. 
This smells so rotten you almost have to leave the room.  I want to know what really happened here.  This sure seems unethical to me.
@_date: 2014-12-17 08:13:43
I'm murky on why a Microsoft owned VOIP software + bitcoin creates elephants in rooms.  
Is "elephant in the room" the newest list spam?  Someone save me before my mind completely rots.
@_date: 2014-11-19 05:40:33
Merged mining increases the complexity of mining, which favors pools which encourages centralization in mining, which is probably bitcoin's biggest vulnerability.  People tend to forget what happened when ghash.io hit 55%.  The price tanked.  Also, 50% of altcoins die after a 51% attack, the other 50% never recover.  That is the kind of shakeup that could really set crypto back, or be used to force an agenda to put it in a box.
Sidechains not using merged mining don't make any sense right now.  Why would you want just an SPV proof and peg lock period with no hash power from the main bitcoin network to back your sidechain?  It is trivial to 51% attack a sidechain running off their own blockchain, control the network for the lock period, unfreeze the peg, and bam, steal everything.  No one will hard fork or roll back bitcoin proper to save a side chain.  Unmerged sidechains have all of the disadvantages of an altcoin, without the option to hard fork around a 51% attack, or use full proof of work vs SPV.  
Sidechains are an awesome idea, but they are still an idea.  The problems around merged mining need to be solved for merge mined side chains.  The non-merged sidechains aren't there either to me.  There is a way to go here before this is viable and safe enough to really plug into bitcoin proper.
@_date: 2014-12-19 06:33:35
Yes.  Like people on the subway.  You know, because only insane people ride the subway.  
@_date: 2014-10-29 21:24:51
Correct, or anyone else trying to slog through including my own business...
@_date: 2014-06-20 13:42:17
People have been calling for the end of hardcore gaming every time a new console has been released.  They are always wrong.  Google and Facebook would love it if they could neuter local machines running full operating systems.  They would have you believe this is the trend (see internet of things bullshit).  Well, luckily they are wrong too.  Smart people start trends in tech, and smart people don't like neutered technology.
You have the trend backwards, there is a cycle between decentralized and centralized innovation and capitalization.
1) Mainframes + dummy terminals (centralized - 70s and 80s, wanes in the 90s)
2) Home computers (decentralized - 80s and 90s, waning to mobile devices in the 00s)
3) Centralized mega services (centralized - google, Facebook, et al 90s and 00s, will wane in the 10s)
4) Distributed applications and networks running on local user controlled systems (decentralized and happening now)
The trend has already reversed.  People just don't know it yet, but google and Facebook are realizing they are increasingly becoming boring and commoditized.  Overpaying for acquisitions instead if innovating is a sure sign that a company is struggling with its future relevance.  There is hope for your hardcore gaming...
@_date: 2014-11-20 03:24:17
One might ask if bitcoin-qt should be free as well.  Now I understand that may not be a fair comparison as mining is a for profit endeavor, but a total lack of usable and accessible merged mining software creating a barrier to entry and encouraging centralization is overall a net detriment to the overall security and health of the system.  This is expressed most directly in the price of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-29 00:02:50
That would skip a lot of steps like gun shops, auction sites, but sure why not?
@_date: 2014-01-01 15:38:01
@_date: 2014-12-28 23:17:05
You insult my integrity, insult the integrity of my service, compare it to companies that are open frauds, and all of this after you openly admit in another post that you couldn't be bothered to even read what I wrote!
I said very clearly in my post not once but twice that I didn't believe it was Coinbase's fault, or that it's at least possible they had no choice. 
I would ask politely that you fully read what I wrote before posting libelous hyperbole about me and my company in the future.
@_date: 2014-12-29 01:20:48
It can work that way I suppose.  We're always going to create an address for you that is derived from information the customer enters into the site and knows that we do not know.  The customer is encouraged to download the key to the address.
You can use this address to buy, sell, send and receive.  When you log in after registration, you are able to decrypt the private key for the address locally and sign transactions.  Signing transactions are required for selling and sending.
What we also let you do is register OTHER bitcoin addresses.  Trezor addresses, paper wallet addresses, brain wallet addresses, addresses from other clients, other web wallets, we don't care.
Then, when you buy from Novauri, you can choose to have your bitcoin sent *directly* to any of these addresses.  
So it may be a matter of convenience where you don't have to log in and send the bitcoin from the Novauri address to another address you control, but systemically it's not just convenience.  We're making it easy for our customers to use alternative forms of storage, and we're also reducing the amount of bitcoin stored in addresses we generate for users.  That lowers systemic risk for both us and our customers.
So I guess the right way to say it is that it's not the only way it works.  We also have other models that won't be day 1, but will be available shortly after.  More on that soon.
@_date: 2014-03-13 02:15:57
I just opened an account at atlasats.com.  It's in a different league than Mt. Gox and Bitstamp.  It appears to do most of what Coinbase does as well, but with much lower fees.  Hello moon, hello mars.
@_date: 2014-04-03 23:44:05
Those are make believe numbers and you are missing some of the key underpinnings of how our fractional reserve system works.  
That's not a dig at you, it's not easy to understand by design.  I really love the table formatting.
The issue is that the number you are using to count 1, 100, 99, -10 are not fixed.  You need to add another column and call it "money supply" since we are keeping this high level.
Let's say in row 1, "money supply" is 500.  In row 2, it's now 511, because the Fed printed/created the 11 units of value.  The private sector who owns the Fed skims 1 of the 11 in your example, and teh government got 10 that it now "owes" the Fed.  
See, but the entire system of currency is now devalued.  There are more units out there making everyone else's' units less valuable.
In your example, specifically wholes number after row 1 is no longer worth 1, they are worth 0.9803921586...
And that's the secret of Fractional Reserve Banking and how the system works.  The more you know.
@_date: 2014-03-14 03:52:05
Guys, it's not called selling phantom bitcoins.  Mark was only participating in perfectly legal naked short selling market operations in order to satisfy market demands.
Don't you see how naked short selling is critical to a stable and liquid market, now that you lost all of your money and bitcoins and Mark has declared bankruptcy? 
I don't know why everyone is so upset about this, it's all perfectly legal.
@_date: 2014-10-24 00:47:49
It would, wouldn't it?  I have an answer for you, Novauri.
[Sign up for my company's VIP beta in early 2015.](
We let you buy and sell bitcoin, but we never have access to your private keys.  Check it out.
@_date: 2014-03-06 13:41:16
Nice work doxing the guy.  400m worth of bitcoin and you post pictures of his house?  I hope you warned him this story was coming.  Leah McGrath goodman you are a histrionic ass.  
@_date: 2014-04-23 23:20:26
That doesn't mean BTC-E was incompetent, it means someone figured out or stole the LR secret key.  It was probably someone who worked at LR.  LR could have generated a weak password, they might have used a flawed PRN generator, or any other number of problems.   I'm unclear how that makes BTC-E incompetent or liars, can you explain?
@_date: 2014-11-20 00:28:27
Honestly, it's all for sale right now on various dark web sites anyway, so I wouldn't be too worried.  The whole "privacy" and "identity" thing is pretty much hosed for now.  You are probably already out there for sale.  
Thanks silicon valley companies who monetize "big data" and regulations requiring data retention using language from 1974!
@_date: 2014-05-11 05:49:31
I run a bitcoin development project and your advice is naive and silly.  Take your life and affairs into your own hands?  What are you talking about?
If MasterCard or other interests are successful, bitcoin will never realize its potential.  It will be regulated at the points where bitcoin is exchanged for fiat or for goods sold by legally registered companies.  That regulation will be severe enough as to give it just enough competitive disadvantage that it cannot compete with the 1950s payment networks.
It only takes about 3-4% inefficiency to make that happen.  That's very easy to do.  Arguably the IRS already put the nail in the coffin.
Bitcoin development projects won't do squat if they can't compete on a level playing field.  I want to see bitcoin succeed as a currency and payment system.  
You seem to think that keeping your head in the sand is a viable solution.  It isn't, ask the electric car or your cable company.
@_date: 2014-10-29 04:52:40
Don't worry, we're not strangers on the internet.  There would be full accounting on the donating end.  
I'm not going to get into that here.  This would be tacky.
@_date: 2014-11-19 05:05:28
Let me ask you a question, Aussiehash.   Do you think that offering a paired trezor or other hardware wallet with a service like Novauri would be good?  I always thought having a 2/3 multisig using a hardware device + an online service would be better than the print a pdf approach out there today.  Or just pair the service to the HD wallet on the hardware device... that could work too.
Since you are here and I've pissed you off, I might as well as you for some free consulting, right?
@_date: 2014-11-20 00:25:17
I think a 51% attack is more likely than a conspiracy theory involving government invention of bitcoin, although that would put bitcoin on the list with Tor, global positioning systems, satellites, and the arpanet.  SHA256 was invented by the NSA.  If it was the government, well, tax dollars well spent.  Throw yourself a pizza party, good job.  Fix the  tax code please, but good job on cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2014-12-21 17:30:58
That's a problem for me.  He shouldn't be taking shots at Coinbase and recommending a competitor that pays him as an advisor.  
Peter, that's a conflict of interest you should have disclosed before recommending coinkite. 
Good catch Charlie.  Sorry for roasting you in that coinbase vs. bc.i infosec thread, but it's kind of what I do...
@_date: 2014-11-11 07:35:22
Seriously?  There was just a huge one two days ago with the coinbase API scam.  Then yesterday with the bitstamp honeypot KYC trap.  
@_date: 2014-10-08 04:36:03
ELI5 Sheldon Cooper maybe?  
I would read this thread (22 pages, 1-2 years):
Also just google "radix tree" or "patricia tree".  
Finally check out the ethereum white paper.  Someone tried an ELI5 on Patricia Trees.  Darned if I can find it though.  Google around I'm sure it will pop up.  
This sounds like a good thing, but I'm admittedly behind on my reading.  Might as well try it during a lull in price.  This is a great time to take some final bigger risks and make changes.  We're one more price spike away from this thing crystallizing into financial TCP/IP.  This may be the last opportunity to make large changes without risking unacceptably severe unintended consequences.
@_date: 2014-03-13 17:36:32
If naked short selling doesn't exist, then how did the SEC ban "abusive" naked short selling?
@_date: 2014-11-02 00:38:44
This guy obviously doesn't have his facts straight.  Great username; it's apropos.
@_date: 2014-10-22 03:36:12
Yes, that's the idea.  We have a lot more planned as well.  
Oh, and thank you.  I was expecting either silence or attacks, not compliments!
@_date: 2014-06-10 19:03:25
Finally.  Thank you.
@_date: 2014-12-06 18:14:44
What criteria were used to decide that blockchain.info was not "secure enough"?  Who made this decision?  Is this on record?
This seems like complete bullshit to me.  It's pretty clear that other competitors were aggressively smearing blockchain.info.  Coinbase was so brazzen they even made a public post that included a bunch of untrue statements about blockchain.info's security.  
Did anyone involved in this decision at bitcoin.org have any profit or ulterior motive to make a seemingly capricious decision like this?  
I think until this is clarified for the community it's time to ban bitcoin.org.  We should put up PSA's everywhere warning people that bitcoin.org is captured and potentially promotes wallets based on business relationships and unscientific personal biases.
@_date: 2014-01-26 03:20:50
Just keeping some score.


*CHECK: porn.com naughtyamerica.com and backpage.com*


CHECK - CALLED THEM IN ORDER!












@_date: 2014-11-14 17:24:01


Is your issue with synchronous or asynchronous 2-way pegs?  What are the issues, specifically?


That's not competing to mold bitcoin if they are building side chains for clients.  Side chains are pegged to bitcoin... but sidechains are firewalled from bitcoin proper.


Side chains can use merged mining or not...  if a client of this company prefers not to use merged mining, that's their decision.  I'm skeptical as to how a side chain using their own mining scheme would have a higher chance of success than the garden variety altcoins that fail all the time.


It's not so black and white.  If I create NovauriCoin^TM (I'm not doing that, by the way), as a sidechain, lock up, say 1,000,000 BTC on the peg, and start mining using an amorphous hashing algorithm that rotates scrypt, SHA256, and some other magic stuff I pretend invented in my basement that makes ASICS less viable, and decentralizes mining economics, and my NovauriCoin^TM takes off, great for me.  Does that hurt bitcoin?  Absolutely. I become an offramp to a new currency.  Will I be able to do this?  Absolutely not.  This wouldn't be one iota different than if I created an altcoin NovauriCoin^TM and sold NovauriCoin^TM for bitcoin just like Ethereum did on a website with Ether.  The fact that we're pegging bitcoin to NovauriCoin^TM has fundamentally the same market effects as if I asked people to give me Bitcoin in exchange for NovauriCoin^TM, and then sold the bitcoin on open markets.  The net result is the value of bitcoin would decline, (assuming I sold it), and NovauriCoin^TM would gain value, assuming it has new and exciting uses for people.
I actually think it's a net net of zero vs. today's alt coins.  The fact that my sidechain also has a pegged return value to the original bitcoin peg gives a floor or collateral to its value in bitcoin though, which creates a residual incentive to invest in the bitcoin currency.  The "insurance" for the value of my sidechain is denominated in bitcoin.  This is not at all unlike the cementing of the US currency unit as the world's reserve currency by requiring sale of petrol to occur in dollars, i.e. the petrodollar.  Again, if NovauriCoin ^TM goes bananas and everyone buys it with their fiat instead of bitcoin, this petrodollar effect diminishes, but the core developers of bitcoin can simply fork my NovauriCoin ^TM features into bitcoin core anyway, not unlike CounterParty just did with Ethereum!
All I have done with NovauriCoin^TM in the end was creating a parallel evolutionary track that benefited core bitcoin in the end regardless, and acted as a test bed. 


Above comments apply.
@_date: 2014-11-23 13:29:02
And relying on a third party is unacceptable which is another reason why the problem is unsolved and remains a lingering issue until storage capacity costs overtake blockchain growth rates.
@_date: 2014-01-29 01:32:10




What, via weak RNG?
@_date: 2014-09-26 02:47:40
"I believe digital cash will do to legal tender what bittorrents did to copyrights."
What a great line; time will tell.
@_date: 2014-11-11 05:19:42
Um... there are a few chicken and the egg concerns here, but I'm not going to jump all over them here on reddit.  I'm out of jerk credits for a few days.
Seriously, best of luck to you guys and I appreciate what you are trying to do.  There's a huge need for banking options in the States and many other Countries with so much fear and uncertainty around cryptocurrency.  Keep fighting the good fight!
@_date: 2014-12-04 14:12:10
LOL. 500 bits private
Edit: thanks for the advice on the nomenclature.
@_date: 2014-03-05 13:53:56
Take it down, but offer to provide an overview of the technology to the president and board.  You might want to refer the president to videos by Benjamin Lawsky, or the recent Senate hearings about Bitcoin if the president and board are concerned about associations with nefarious activities.
@_date: 2014-10-27 20:39:36
Actually, they don't.  That would make them providers of prepaid access, not a money transmitter.  Money transmitters have to escheat funds after a certain period if the funds are not redeemed/picked up.
@_date: 2014-11-19 23:08:48
I just withdrew my $8 bucks and it worked just fine...
Is this thread two viral marketing agencies fighting some kind of unholy war?  Team FUD vs. Team STASI?  
I won't even mention my brokerage.  I can't afford to deal with the blowback it would attract posting in this thread.  There would be 200 spammers downvoting me and accusing me of being Mark Karpeles and Imelda Marco's evil love child.
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:44:26
I'm not Lawsky, but I am hoping that he will read and seriously consider the proposal.
@_date: 2014-10-22 04:59:04
That shouldn't be a problem with a few stipulations.  
We would need to cap the number of "free" transactions per registered account to a certain velocity limit per time period.  Otherwise script kiddies will send a few bits back and forth across several of our accounts a million times and suddenly we can't make payroll.
It doesn't sound like much, but 0.04 can really add up quickly...
@_date: 2014-05-19 06:29:17
I've worked for years in financial services and can tell you without a hint of doubt that you are mistaken and need to reexamine your thinking on this matter.
Regulation is why money hasn't evolved technologically at the same pace as everything else.  It's why we are still using payment networks that not only predate the internet, but were designed in 1958.  That's starting to change now, which makes for very exciting times.
Regulators are not going to design or implement an efficient and effective way for users to store and keep their private keys safe.  What is far more likely is reactive policy in response to major service failures.  It's not their fault either, they don't have the tools to regulate effectively.  The issue with regulation is we are still using static rules.  You can't create a set of static rules, apply it to a rapidly evolving industry, and expect it to be relevant and harmless in 2 or 3 years, much less 40 years.  When a rule goes on the books, it is on the books.  It's like watching half of a sports event and being forced to plan out every play for the 2nd half without being their to witness what happens.  I think we have some amazing regulations on the books, given the tremendous handicap here.  Bottom line, the best regulation is going to be regulation that is NOT prescriptive and uses free market forces to encourage good behavior whenever possible.
E.g. don't legislate information security, require the firm to get insurance.  If they can't get affordable premiums, you now have a rule that will work long into the future.  
The biggest innovations around security lately are multisig, and those weren't brought to you by regulators.  We already have plenty of laws to enforce as it is.
Hint: most of the identity theft in the world is caused because of data retention requirements in the BSA and SOX acts, subsequently copied by other governments.  If we had been smarter, we could have gone with a centralized ID administration based on public/private key cryptography, or better yet a decentralized system.  Those ideas didn't exist or weren't possible when the regulations were written, but that's the thing about regulation, it doesn't update itself, and changing it takes an act of God (or perhaps just Congress).
Regulation is a snapshot in time, what is being regulated is very much changing and alive.  This is the root of the problem.
@_date: 2014-12-06 20:19:50


Really?  Then why is Hive Wallet and Green Address still listed when they use javascript?  Also darkwallet too.
Source: 


How do you know this?  Have you personally inspected Coinbase's books?  How about bitstamp or the other exchanges?  They are exceedingly profitable, or they can choose to spend and grow.


What are you talking about?  I'm completely lost.  If someone was worried about spy agencies, why would blockchain.info be a concern vs. any other company?  They are based in the UK, so wouldn't they be less at risk than US based companies that aren't listed on bitcoin.org?  
I'm sorry but your points are confusing and the javascript one is just wacky.  You basically just made a case to delist green address and hive LOL...
@_date: 2014-10-26 03:20:40
Thanks for the support, and believe me I will do my best.  Orange clashes with my complexion.
@_date: 2014-03-03 22:22:58
Smashing policy work Brits, smashing.  Cheerio, old chaps.
@_date: 2014-11-22 00:52:02
Do you know what I think?  And I shouldn't say this, it's completely inappropriate.  I think that some people are going to lose their $21m investment...
It's amazing to me how dumb some angels and VC's can be with their investments.  I guess it's the shotgun approach.  Look at the team, look at the names, look at the traction, and throw money at it.
SC's aren't fully baked.  They aren't going to happen, and there's no way in hell that anyone is going to make changes to bitcoin or hand over control to a group that is looking to make a return for a group of investors, at least if their proposal shows no concern for the integrity of the underlying parent system.
If they can demonstrate a sound, stable, and solid utility that helps or at least remains neutral to bitcoin, good on them.  Otherwise, it doesn't matter if their business objective was to create killer superintelligent robots who hate humans, they aren't going to meet their ojbective unless their proposal 1) is safe and 2) works in the collective best interests of bitcoin overall.  That can't happen if SC's lower the value of the parent protocol, regardless of whether that loss in value is through insecurity, devaluation through competition or inflation, or some combination.  
Bad for bitcoin and not shown to provide an increase in value to the original parent blockchain?  Good bye $21m investment money.  It simply isn't gonna happen as proposed anyway.  So my point is, why bother worrying about it?  Hopefully blockstream figures this out and repositions themselves somehow to be less controversial, or in a way that doesn't introduce security, stability or other concerns, or at least positions SC's as a net benefit over any perceived issues.  So far all I see is smoke, mirrors, and a white paper that has some serious unanswered questions.
@_date: 2014-03-02 00:41:05
Report the post.  It should be hidden and / or removed.  SCAM.
@_date: 2014-12-10 07:21:55
Bitcoin isn't money.  You still don't get it.
Bitcoin is unique, digital information.  It is information that can exist out in the open on the internet, with no protection or firewalls, and yet cannot be copied for more than a few moments, 10 minutes at most realistically.
Think about this for a moment.  Movie and music industries, the entire banking sector, much of the legal system, voting. All of these industries or activities exist primarily to prevent copying or alteration of information.  All are potentially automated with bitcoin.  Micro transactions, currency for evolving machine learning ai, drone delivery charges. Remote holographic consulting services.  Free Global remittances.  The possibilities are mind boggling.
Enjoy your rock.  It looks cozy, hope that Betamax holds up though, you can't find replacement parts for those anymore.
@_date: 2014-07-17 15:14:36
Here are a few thoughts on the proposal after a quick read.  You are creating a few dangerous barriers to entry and there is a huge glaring problem with the definition of virtual currency business activity.
* Section 200.2 Definitions (n) Virtual Currency Business Activity: 
This definition is dangerously broad.  You are creating a regulatory incentive for companies to host bitcoin, which is actually dangerous.  This is especially true in the context of Section 200.8 Capital requirements.  This is really not OK and needs to be restructured as TWO (2) types of definitions of activity with different capital requirements and standards.
Here is what I would suggest as a replacement for 200.2 (n) as (n) and (o):
**(n) Virtual Currency Retail or Investment Banking Activity** 
means the conduct of any one of the following types of activities involving New York or a New York Resident:
(1) securing, storing, holding, or maintaining custody or control of Virtual Currency on behalf of others where the entity retains the ability to control depositor's virtual currency (i.e. controls private keys)
**(o) Virtual Currency Retail or Exchange Services**
means the conduct of any of the following types of activities involving New York or a New York Resident:
(1) receiving Virtual Currency for transmission or transmitting the same;
(2) buying and selling Virtual Currency as a customer business;
(3) performing retail conversion services, including the conversion or exchange of Fiat Currency or other value into Virtual Currency, the conversion or exchange of Virtual Currency into Fiat Currency or other value, or the conversion or exchange of one form of Virtual Currency into another form of Virtual Currency; or
~~(4) controlling, administering, or issuing a Virtual Currency.~~ 
**NOTES:** ~~(4)~~ This line is redundant with securing, storing, holding, or maintaining now under (n).  It could also be construed as mining or creating a new virtual currency.  There's no need to protect NY residents from people who want to mine bitcoin or create their own virtual currency on their home computer.  This line does nothing but stifle invention.
(n) should have very significant capital requirements.  These are the businesses that pool bitcoin and can be hacked like gox.
(o) entities are not acting like banks, and are effectively ecommerce merchants buying and selling bitcoin, and transmitting it to the customer, relinquishing control.  These entities don't host bitcoin.  They should be exempt from capital controls and many of the requirements for (n) type banking entities.  They should effectively be treated as a merchant with some extra KYB, but be regulated mostly under FinCEN and not the State.
Then every subsequent section should be bifurcated into these two groups.  You have bitcoin banking entities and bitcoin retail exchange activities.  The two should not be treated as one.  Bitcoin banking is risky for businesses and customers because Gox may happen if an employee is shady or hacker is talented.  Bitcoin exchange or ecommerce entities don't host hundreds of millions of dollars of bitcoin and remit funds to customers as orders clear.  Remember, bitcoin isn't at all like fiat deposits in a bank.  It's a shared ledger with calculated balances sent to addresses controlled by private keys.  Your regulations pretend that some participants won't want to use services that allow them to control their bitcoin using private keys they retain or use individual services to control, like keeping cash under a mattress.  That is completely unacceptable and leads to a very bad place where bitcoin becomes just as inefficient as current payment systems.  The digital cash aspect of bitcoin is a major component of why it trades at value on the free market and why it has so much promise in terms of microtransactions and new payment systems and models that accommodate tiny purchases and sales.  Don't put up a huge wall on that for goodness sake.  Trust me on this one...
I'll call out a few other sections that stick out as a red flag, but the entire thing needs to be re-written to allow for lower requirements depending on whether a company pools funds and keeps control of private keys.  Controlling customers' bitcoin and maintaining key control are the measurement criteria for bitcoin banking activity.  These are your risky businesses.
* Section 200.5 Application fees: You are creating a small barrier to entry.  Almost not worth mentioning.  
* Section 200.6 Action by superintendent: I like that you have defined a turnaround time of 90 days.  I think you need more definition around your measurement criteria for approval.  You also need to be transparent on your rulings from applicant to applicant.  The results should be public so as to make the process transparent and less prone to corruption or cronyism.
Section 200.8 Capital requirements: This again is creating a significant barrier to entry for small companies.  Please do not lump all virtual currency companies into one bucket and slap multi-million surity bond requirements on them.  This is sloppy, machete work when you should use a scalpel.  It's simply not acceptable as written.  
Split this into requirements for (n) Virtual Currency Retail or Investment Banking entities and (o) Virtual Currency Retail or Exchange Services.  (n) should have requirements and be required to carry insurance.  (o) should not have requirements like these at all.
@_date: 2014-10-27 19:07:06
Yes.  Efficiency isn't about just technology.  Bitcoin requires miners.  Banks require 10% of world GDP to pay for their salaries and the costs of their vendors.  Bitcoin scaled to the world population in 10-50 years isn't going to eat up 10% of world GDP in order to provide sufficient incentive to miners.  It's very likely that in 10 years anything that heats something else using electricity and can communicate with the network will be mining a cryptocurrency, so there are efficiencies here as well.
@_date: 2014-04-08 17:17:16
You don't understand their statement because these people don't know what the hell they are talking about.
Bitcoin is a decentralized information ledger and network, that, because of a novel invention, allows network participants to prove ownership of information in the ledger without requiring a central authority.
The IRS is concerned with the currency aspect of bitcoin, in that particpants control transactions sent to an address that they control with a private key.  
The IRS should treat it as a foreign currency if they need an analogue. If they want to be smart, they should treat it as an asset, but exempt small transactions from reporting requirements as with a foreign currency.   They absolutely should not have made the rules retroactive.  The new rules should go into effect 1/1/2015.  This created a surprise liability for many people, and some have no way to determine cost basis, what with Gox.
@_date: 2014-12-24 19:44:44
Quite a bit, actually, but it's still not a final list of measures.  There's more that's not here as well, but we haven't written it up.  Most of what is missing is related to transaction and account take over risk management, as well as regulatory and compliance processes which we need to fully disclose.
Here's a starting (draft, temporary) list (non-technical):
**Novauri Design**
* Novauri does not have access to your funds, bitcoin or fiat.
* No corporate "hot" or "cold" wallets for hackers or insiders to steal.
* Two-factor authentication is mandatory for all accounts.  Period.
* We enforce a high level of password complexity for our users (sorry about that).
**Novauri Applications, Codebase, Databases, Partners, Systems**
* Back office wallets used to send or receive bitcoin to and from customers are 100% separate from our online service, intentionally.
* Encrypted private keys stored on our servers use AES-256 encryption (not final).
* Although Novauri is not vulnerable to "hot" or "cold" wallet theft, we still use database technology that is suitable for banks anyway (i.e. no state/concurrency vulnerabilities, modern DB and DBA suitable for financial platform).
* We force the use of SSL / HTTPS site-wide.
* Passwords are never stored on our servers.  They are hashed, salted, and stored securely.  (not final - more to come)
* Our network topography follows best practices for financial services products (e.g. credentials/certs are not stored on app server or mon/non-mon DB) (not final)
* Service passwords are reset on a regular basis, are never shared, and are always complex.
* Customer data required to meet regulatory requirements but not required for the service are stored offline (air-gapped). (not final - more to come)
* We follow a disaster recovery plan, our software &amp; hardware is geographically dispersed, concurrent, and fault tolerant.
**Novauri Employees and Processes**
* All best practices for web application and database logic are followed.
Our codebase is subject to regular independent infosec audit and code review.
* We enforce separation of duties: developers cannot commit code to production, code is tested and approved before release
Formal release processes are used for production code impacting transactions or personal information, no exceptions.
* All employees are subject to criminal background checks.
* "Control" employees (employees with "keys" to a production system or authority to release changes) are subject to 
more rigorous background checks, including State and Federal checks as required by regulation.
@_date: 2014-06-01 06:56:59
Why would bitcoin cause cheaper housing?  Will bitcoin force the US Government to stop subsidizing mortgage loans by letting borrowers write off the interest and allowing lenders to make a nice fat margin on the overnight rate vs. what they charge borrowers?  This doesn't make any sense.  Most of the posts here don't make any sense.  Please don't start talking about paradigm shifts or I'm going to have to start slapping people.
@_date: 2014-11-19 15:09:09
Finding ways to make bitcoin mining symbiotic with applications that require heat via heat recovery systems.  Maintaining bug free merged mining software that is easy to use and keep running.  Two phase mining.  Those are three ways.  The software one is actually attainable.
@_date: 2014-02-18 04:15:13
I hope they realize that what to do is less important than when to do it.
Now being too soon.  Really.
@_date: 2014-04-04 02:43:52
You are saying that the private banks give back their 6% dividend and interest on their 3% capital deposit that they now earn to the Government as charity?
Sorry, that doesn't happen.  The system operates at a net deficit.  The Government can never repay all its debt via taxation, because the money in circulation including what it spent can never exceed the debt incurred to create it, because of the 6% and interest on deposits earned by member banks.  Your simulation is flawed. 
@_date: 2014-12-07 00:36:22
He won't.   I agree, this place is the worst sometimes.  


Time to log out of reddit and go do something fun.  I'm done with this place for a while.
@_date: 2014-02-25 22:22:45
Dude, have you not heard of casascius coins?
@_date: 2014-04-05 00:41:20
You didn't even cite any references!  What, did you read "Who Really Pays the Taxes"? and haven't quite shaken all the teenage angst? 
The average home size in the US from 1973 to 2010 increased over 40%, while the median household population decreased from 3.11 to under 2.5, meaning 70% more "elbow room" for people today vs. 1970.
It's pretty easy to cherry pick facts and make extrapolations without any proof.  I was actually alive in the 70's and old enough to remember the very end of the decade.  Standard of livings are better.
Also there were huge demographic shifts in the last 40 years.  In 1970 the US was over 85% white, college education had a higher standard than today, etc.  
Trying to make these silly comparisons is folly, and claiming we haven't have an improved standard of living is absolutely ridiculous.  I can tell you are a middle or upper middle class kid whose parents supported his or her education.  It's like a giant neon sign.   You had best consider some other perspectives, you've been brainwashed.
@_date: 2014-10-26 19:20:44
We do, we are working on a page called "the details" or "the gory details", name still tbd.
Here's a quick summary:
**Topography / Infrastructure**
* Backend &amp; frontend separate and firewalled, all behind firewall and FF proxy.  Possible HSM for back part of backend - still TBD - may be overkill as we do not handle private keys.  DB not vulnerable to concurrency issues, etc.
* Backend accessed by frontend via services.  Same services to be packaged and exposed to partners that want to use us as a service for their web or desktop wallets (phase 2).
**Wallet generation**
*4 methods - different release timing.*  
* Method 1: priv key generated via javascript in browser (standard password storage service approach - encrypted priv key stored on service side, decrypted locally.  Send and sell transactions signed locally in browser using javascript (but only after auth + 2FA)  Buy transactions can be sent by Novauri to any registered address, we don't care which.
* Method 2: partner API - use salt + user entered data to generate a string, pass string to partner who manages wallet - same as 1, sends and sells are triggered via API - receives / buy are agnostic (we may not do this as it relies on a 3rd party a bit more than we like, it would have to be the right partner or use multisig)
* Method 3: not at launch - Novauri is backend.  Partner manages wallet, we act as a backend exchange - just meet regulatory requirements, register bank/2FA, and let the partner act as front end for wallet services.  Available via OAUTH2 cattlechute or API.
* Method 4: (not available day 1) Multisig version of Method 1.  Javascript signature and mobile app signature required from customer to sell or send.  3rd key would be retained by Novauri just for wallet recovery (if phone or login was lost).  Lose both, you are hosed.
There's a lot more, but that's the high level.
@_date: 2014-05-13 04:47:57
Credit cards and bank accounts are financial instruments.  Currency, foreign currency and digital currency are things that cards and accounts are denominated in.  They are entirely different things.
@_date: 2014-11-02 01:18:03
I think you might be on to something here.  Think of it like a safety release valve...  Hmm...
@_date: 2014-11-19 14:26:47
Yes, I really think that it will.  Have you tried to set up your own merged mining setup recently?  You are the pool admin.  You have to merged mine or you will be less profitable than pools.  Namecoind crashes, have fun waking up in the middle of the night, now multiply this by 10 or 100.  
Software is either nonexistent, full of bugs, or plain outdated.  The extra complexity will hurt your uptime.  You now have to run a full node also, which is not the case for pools, so your hardware costs just increased.
True a lot of this could be solved if the software was better maintained, far more accessible, and even remotely user friendly or documented, but it isn't.  So yes, it will contribute to mining centralization.  That's not even up for debate.  Try it and see how it goes for you competing against pools if you do to believe me.
@_date: 2014-11-19 04:31:13
Edit: I wrote this freehand tonight as I posted it so no, it's not the same submission.  Are you referring to the subject line of the post?
I post a lot more than 3 times a month.  I probably plug Novauri once a week.  It usually is popular too.  People are very supportive of the idea of a brokerage that doesn't control your bitcoin.  If that wasn't true, then why do the posts hit the front page 50% of the time?  It's not like we have a lot of seed money to spend on marketing departments of fake upvotes.  I don't even think that's possible, reddit has some pretty fancy stuff going on under the hood.
Speaking of posts though, if you compare the number of posts I make about our business to some other services, we're probably doing 1/10th the volume of the other guys.  Especially if you go back a few months.  We're not even in the same league.
Plus, I'm actually here for a reason.  I need beta testers.  We need a few hundred more to have a good enough population to use in our beta test period.  That group has to be a relatively representative sample of our actual customer base, and include a few fraudsters too for good measure.  We're pretty close, and I would like to close it out.
I post, people support Novauri, some upvote, some downvote, and that's all there is to it.  That's how reddit works.  I'm not sure how that makes me a bad guy.  I'm trying to build a service that give people options and gets bitcoin a bit closer back to being decentralized digital cash again.  Do you feel that other similar services were leading the charge in offering decentralized services?  Until very recently, you had no option to control your own keys at similar services.  Our entire business is built around that concept, and I feel it's going to become the norm in the future.  We've absolutely got peoples attention and are forcing them to support these types of demands going forward, because if they don't, we will offer them.  
So yeah, damn right I'm going to be talking about it on reddit.  It's what I believe in and what I do.
@_date: 2014-10-24 19:26:14
Can't argue with you there, but let's be completely honest.
We have a "wild west" environment with bitcoin; it's not anarchy -- but it's pretty close.  
So with our "wild west" there is no shortage of sociopath criminals starting phony businesses that are essentially marketing wrapped around traps for stealing depositor's bitcoin.  I'm sure some of them are smarter than this fellow and are playing the long game as well.  
On the other side of the equation, these criminals still enjoy the protection of the legal system in whatever Country they call their home.  
So we have an asymmetrical situation on our hands.  Sociopaths can operate with impunity and steal, but our ability to fight back is limited by legal protections that these scoundrels enjoy.
I'm not advocating this in anyway, and I mean it, but imagine how the tables would turn if vigilantism was allowed?  
Your statement that:


that statement presumes that the issue is that this crook's business was not regulated.  
Well, what if your presumption is part of the problem?  What if the problem is that the legal system is too antiquated and slow to deal with these snakes, and we need a fair, but much swifter, more direct form of justice?  
I'm just pointing out that you really need to consider both sides of the equation for your statement to be balanced; right now I don't feel that you're there.  
@_date: 2014-10-24 16:51:54
Haha, no we don't go bankrupt.  
If a bitcoin is worth $25, then people will just buy and sell much more of it; i.e., the principal value denominated in fiat will remain constant per trade.  As long as the dominant economy is fiat based, the price of bitcoin is pretty much irrelevant to a business making profit on a % of principal model.
The price does correlate positively to the market size and trading volume though, but frankly there isn't much real competition and our design is extremely lean.  These types of businesses have very high up front costs, but running them mostly scales with transaction volume, so we can survive during droughts pretty well, actually.
Now, that's true until bitcoin or some 2.0 version of bitcoin becomes a self sustaining economy.  At that point, my services will gradually no longer be necessary and I will happily fade into the background.  We would be dead at the point that sovereign currencies are no longer used, and governments (finally) modernize their financial systems and throw out their 19th and 20th Century static regulations.  I don't see that happening for at least 25 years, more likely 50 years from now.
It's not like we don't have any ideas for things to do if/when crypto becomes a self-sustaining economy either.  If you need a hint, please notice the name of the company is Novauri.  That's a compound word comprised of two latin words meaning "new" and "gold".  At the time, "gold" meant "money", so it means "new money".  
@_date: 2014-05-21 05:34:30
*I used to think correlation implied causation.  Then I took statistics courses and now I don't.*
*It sounds like the courses really helped.*
*Well, maybe.*
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:34:13
How about a verification flair if you can explain the exact definition of what a bitcoin address represents?
@_date: 2014-11-13 22:59:59
First thing is first; we need to get the site up and running.  Committing to timing ahead of this is irresponsible.  That said, it's not a coincidence that our team is full of people with international financial services experience.
@_date: 2014-10-25 05:54:51
Every time you write "in the wild", god kills a kitten in the wild.
@_date: 2014-10-30 06:41:24
There is no "then if I can't withdraw them" with Novauri.  
And no, we are not taking credit cards.  I always thought that was a ridiculous feature.  If I wanted to offer credit, I would build a reputation side chain and do on-blockchain microlending.  That would be cool.  Paying for bitcoin with CC is like buying stocks on CC.  Who does that?
If I was going to do a card product it would be PIN debit, or a card program with a multipurse tied to a bitcoin wallet using the backend of Novauri for BTC &gt; FIAT exchanges so the cash advance problem would not exist.  No one wants to pay those kinds of charges, and if they do, they either are about to get a nasty surprise or I am helping them make poor financial decisions, neither of which I particularly care to make the centerpiece of my service.
I just need an adventurous issuing bank who feels like trying something scary.
@_date: 2014-10-25 12:42:33
Newsflash: without the currency the blockchain doesn't work because there is no incentive to mine.  With no inventive to mine, you need a central bank.  With a central bank the blockchain is a bank database that no one has a reason to trust.
How do people with a deeply and fundamentally flawed understanding of crypto get so much publicity?  I mean, that article is embarrassing.  I feel bad for that guy.
@_date: 2014-10-24 03:51:43
[We are trying to do exactly that with Novauri.](
There is no way to accept fiat in the US without some centralization because of regulation, but we are going to let customers control their wallets so there is no Mt. Gox 2.0.  We also have some ideas for decentralizing a few other components...
[Sign up for our closed beta here, it will be opening around March 2015.](
@_date: 2014-10-26 05:14:56
If our beta fills up quickly, not for long...
@_date: 2014-04-04 05:05:46
Don't believe the propaganda about inflation encouraging spending.  Anyone with the capacity to save money already moves their money out of fiat into stocks, real estate, bonds, etc.
People need goods and services to live according to the standards to which they are accustomed, and for that they will spend a deflationary or inflationary currency.
Economists who actually get the big picture (rare) like inflationary currency because they think the current system of monetary control over the world is best for most people.  I think there is a case for a system that has enough power to temper governments.
@_date: 2014-04-20 17:41:31
The exchange should not provide a receive address for deposits unless the customer has been validated first.  Why would they reveal the receive address, accept funds, and then require validation?  It's backwards and designed to steal money.
How many banks do you know that allow you to open an account without any information, deposit funds, then give you a surprise request for personal information that wasn't disclosed before taking your deposit, and finally keep your deposit if you do not give them your personal information?
None do that because it's clearly deceptive and designed to mislead customers and steal their funds.  The operators of that exchange are thieves and liars.
@_date: 2014-06-01 20:21:30
I've moved quite a bit out of physical bullion and into bitcoin over the last three years.  It's worked out so far, but I still feel that the threat of asteroid mining to precious metals is a little farther out there than bitcoin hitting a debilitating technical problem, forgive the play on words.
@_date: 2014-03-12 20:54:16
Do you think that chargebacks/reversals are free?  Do you think you don't pay for it when information is stolen?  
Hint: research the term "interchange".  The cost of almost everything you buy is inflated 3-4% because the credit card companies only pay out 96-97% of the value of an item sold when the customer pays with credit.  That 3-4% in large part pays for chargebacks.  So you are paying for everyones' chargebacks already.
Stolen information = tax fraud.  It's a multi-billion dollar problem.  Guess who pays for that liability?  Tax payers.  
Both cash and credit are horribly inefficient mediums of exchange, and you pay for that all the time.  You just don't understand how and why.  Hopefully now you do.
@_date: 2014-05-13 04:59:51
This is a big deal.  A five year moratorium would let bitcoin grow to a size where it can spread.  No taxable event for capital gains under 200 USD allows it to function as an actual currency.
All, we need to support this.  Big time.
@_date: 2014-11-14 17:53:42
This type of objective intellectual curiosity is exactly how you stumble onto big discoveries that directly translate to ridiculous profits on exchanges ;).
Seriously though, good work.  I admire your rigor.
@_date: 2014-11-02 01:09:34
Me either. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:35:05
And they didn't reconcile or spot check to see if ledgers seemed out of balance for... years?
Bullshit.  
Listen, if their customer accounts had an aggregate fiat balance of $X in the bank but $Y on the books (i.e. their database record of customer usd balances) you reconcile that at least monthly.  You would notice if the total amount in your customers' accounts was much larger than in the bank.  
Now... If your software said you had X bitcoins allocated to customers' accounts, but your addresses had a much lower balance, you would notice that too.  Quickly.  
You think gox wasn't watching the numbers every day?
Yes, someone could make off with a lot of coins before it was caught, but not all of them.
This is theft.  If the CEO is really this monumentally incompetent then he should surrender himself to a criminal investigation and be 100% transparent with law enforcement in showing how this went down and where the funds went when.
I don't buy it, I think the CEO at least embezzled some/ most of the money.  This size of a loss would be obvious, if it was a huge, all at once theft that would be believable.  Not this.  Time for people to go to jail for international wire fraud amongst other things.
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:00:29
First, yes it is theft because it has a market value.  It's also recognized legally as a currency or commodity in most major Countries.
Second, even if it isn't theft (which it most definitely is), do you know what is?  International wire fraud.  For example, Gox "confirmed" USD wires to my account back in October that never posted, and then never closed out the issue after you count the months.  I'm only out a couple of thousand bucks; I saw some writing on the wall about a year earlier, got a bad feeling in my gut, and took away my business.  Still, not everyone was that lucky.  There are people out (literally) millions.  Their CEO better get a facelift and head for a non-extradition Country FAST.
You know, I hate to say it, but he would be lucky to get the perp walk.  The longer he's on the outside, the higher the chance that one of the more unscrupulous of his customers will introduce him to the bottom of a river.  He's pissed off a lot of people, and some of them are of the rougher sort.
Edit: poor adjective choice, but see casascius coins..
@_date: 2014-04-25 14:18:30
@_date: 2014-11-03 14:57:20
@_date: 2014-11-15 21:31:52
Thanks for the support, Jackten.
@_date: 2014-11-01 07:44:53
Metal wire.  It worked pretty well.  I had to perform minor pumpkin surgery in the front using pumpkin from the back, but I don't think you can tell.  I don't know what easter eggs you are writing about..
@_date: 2014-12-06 20:56:44
I think if there are specific issues that aren't being addressed it's fine to call those out. 
The problem is, I totally agree with you, this is 100% full of (bleep).
Let's go through the list:
Key stretching default: Fixed before the witch hunt started...
Tor issue (not even bc.i's issue): Fixed (they have an .onion SSL cert)
Password complexity FUD: check their password strength checker - it's a decent library - was fixed before the witch hunt
2FA issue: it's there - and other wallets listed don't require it, so this is a biased requirement
So yeah, this really pisses me off.  There are some seriously unethical shenanigans going on here, I agree.
@_date: 2014-11-27 02:19:54
Oh come on, seriously?  I almost always say who I am when I start a topic if it relates in anyway to Novauri, but I'm not going to break out trumpets and red carpet for myself when I want to reply to every post.  I post here all the time.  
Besides, I was pretty nice considering they summarily ignored my startup, especially since it's design is entirely done to avoid the problem they are writing about.
Here, I'll fix it:










@_date: 2014-04-17 12:06:54
Deceptive headline, and no it doesn't mean anything except he diversifies his portfolio and is bearish in Chinese real estate.
@_date: 2014-02-26 03:03:19
Now watch him bring down the hammer of justice!
Notice how he will do it using existing regulation and law...
@_date: 2014-05-22 12:45:46
Thinking the concentration is high enough doesn't prove that the total cost of getting it back to earth is cost effective.  It absolutely does not convince someone to invest a few billion dollars in seed capital to develop the technologies required, which would take decades and very likely incur delays, cost overruns or fail entirely for reasons unknown today.
It's nice to dream but dreaming something and doing something are very much not the same.
@_date: 2014-12-20 17:29:51
I'm impressed that the government shill payroll department has such a keen sense of irony.  +1
@_date: 2014-06-14 15:26:11
The network hash rate is 105 PH/s.  This is great news, but that doesn't close to do it.  More need to join.
@_date: 2014-11-19 06:48:06
And... I need to get up in 4 hours.  %@  Thanks for the convo, great info. Maybe while the bugs are worked out during beta this might be a good time to put in an option?  Food for thought.  Anyway, good evening!
@_date: 2014-10-29 21:18:58
I'm  happy to see you guys implement this feature.  It's absolutely necessary to offer and is much more aligned with how bitcoin is supposed to work.  You should be proud of your work.
You're going to have some nasty competition pretty soon though, our platform is built exclusively around this model and is nearly seamless ;).  
Game on!
@_date: 2014-11-11 01:01:08
So by using your services, I can open a money service business operating in the US exchanging virtual currency for USD as a money transmitter and not have to worry about state licensing or registering with FinCEN?  
This seems like a bullet train to a jail sentence, do not pass go do not collect $200.  Can you give me an example of this being done today in the US for a business that exchanges fiat for bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:23:11
*Slow clap*
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:38:57
I don't think it was just incompetence and transaction malleability.  We need a criminal investigation.  This was probably embezzlement, and if it was a hack, it was something other than transaction malleability.  
Or this is all something else and they are being acquired.
@_date: 2014-10-27 04:49:08
The cost of payment systems has nothing to do with the size of the ledger.  Do you know how many parties are involved in a credit card, debit card, wire, money transfer, and similar transactions?  Credit takes 3% out of all transactions and everyone gets a cut.  Federated ACH systems benefit from fractional reserve lending, which is arguably 5%+ of world GDP sucked out for no other productive capacity other than to move money and issue currency.  The cut is profit to keep millions (yes, millions) of people employed to deal with the mess from the inefficiencies.
Also, ledger size decreases with the scaling of storage capacity, which presently is halving every 12 months, much faster than Moore's Law.
To everyone in this thread, and not to be a jerk, but unless you have worked in the payments industry, you really aren't qualified to have an opinion.  I have, and let me tell you without a hint of doubt, bitcoin is far, far more efficient than older payment systems...
@_date: 2014-12-29 01:24:06
Good advice.  I think I spend too much time away and forgot what it's like.
@_date: 2014-12-25 04:53:09
Spoken like a guy who missed the train.  You might want to get on the next one.
@_date: 2014-11-15 16:11:24
We decided not to accept credit cards as a form of payment right now, so you do need a US bank account.  We have plans to expand internationally in the near future, but the closed beta is US only in early 2015.
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:19:50
Turning point?  Like when they turn left right before pushing his head down and shoving him into the back of a police cruiser?
Mark "Perp Walk" Karpeles.  Don't bend over for the soap.
@_date: 2014-10-27 19:14:01
Ok, no takers?  The one good example in the US is Western Union with the telephone, and then email.  Through possibly the most conservative management style in history they have managed to survive as a brand over 160 years, with a few changes of ownership thrown in.  They have another one here to deal with in bitcoin.  Let's see if they can do a double?
Ones that didn't?  Blockbuster, US Steel, Kodak, zillions of them.  The vast majority.
@_date: 2014-10-27 05:32:22
"What?  They taught us all about that when I went to school."
-Absolutely no one 
@_date: 2014-12-16 05:32:07


I think it depends on the individual.  That's a lot of money to most people, but not everyone.  
Also, I don't think it's cool to be targeting blockchain.info as "especially" a bad choice.  My guess is that they have about 25% market share, and more wallets than coinbase.   That's a lot of bitcoin.  The reused R value bug resulted in a tiny fraction of bitcoin being stolen, which is unfortunate, but not really that much.  More importantly, because they are designed to let the user control private keys, the issue was incremental, not catastrophic.  If a bitcoin bank-like service that controls most of the deposits has an issue with internal theft, that's an h-bomb, whereas this is a firecracker.  I'm sure they will fix their release processes so that critical code like RNGs will have a code review before release going forward.  That's easy to fix.  It's just implementing rules and taking away production credentials from developers.  They get over it.
 
Related to the actual attack that was used against blockchain.info, that's not something the other wallets could have defended against either.  I don't care if you have a 255 completely random complex password with 2FA, it would make absolutely no difference. 
That was an SSL stripping attack through a TOR exit node. This is where someone sets up a page that looks like blockchain.info, maybe has a lock favicon just like you would see at an https:// domain, but the page presented to the user on redirect is  The crook then establishes a real https:// session with the company, passing through the data the user enters in to the fake http:// site via this "real" https:// session.
This allows the crook to spoof the user, get their email, password, and most importantly, get a valid 2FA token - courtesy of the user who enters it into the http:// site, making all of the traffic visible to the crook.
This attack doesn't have to be through a TOR exit node, you can also set up a domain that looks *similar* to the real one, and pay to have the search results boosted in google or other search engines. The user may never know they are using a fake site at all.  Most don't, or so I'm told.
One of the few ways to stop this type of attack is through a page "signature" check that looks for discrepancies between how the page customers enter data into is rendered vs the known "real" page that the customer should be visiting.  There are 3rd party companies offering these services usually under the umbrella of "anti malware" (even though it's really not anti-virus, but plaintext phishing site detection), but they have a pretty high false positive rate.
So that attack was pretty sophisticated, and is one of the few ways there are to defeat 2FA. That attack would have taken out 99% of web wallet providers, assuming someone went through the trouble of setting it up. Blockchain.info was just targeted first, who did that is anyones' guess... although I'm sure there are theories.
That said, if you avoid TOR unless you use their .onion URL, or always type  into your browser (or bookmark it), you're pretty secure with 2FA and a little care to check the address of the site / certificate.  You also can use their browser extension if you want to avoid release problems with RNGs, etc.  So yeah, I don't agree that we all need to be hiding under a rock with our bitcoin.  For real safety, paper wallets &gt; Trezor.  I love the idea of Trezor, but that device is very new, and not at all proven safe.  Any point in the supply chain, or a crooked insider could make your bitcoin vulnerable.  I don't think that's the case, but for really big balances, nothing beats a paper wallet, especially with multi-sig.
I'm not a blockchain.info employee, by the way. I run Novauri.com, so I'm in the process of figuring out ways to stop these attacks before we go live next year.  I just don't think it's fair to bash blockchain.info.  They've received 100x the negative press for what amounts to a tiny theft from r-values, and an attack that would have taken down any bitcoin wallet service.
@_date: 2014-05-18 01:33:04
Proof of stake/ownership in bitcoin = your vote.  As contributors are paid in bitcoin, their stake gradually increases as long as they do not convert to fiat.  Problem solved, and it creates another positive feedback loop for bitcoin's value.
@_date: 2014-10-27 16:22:42
Also notice a trend here?
Top 5 bitcoin failures:
1) Mt Gox &gt; 650,000 BTC &gt; 1+3
2) Mt Gox the other time in 2011 &gt; 100,000 BTC &gt; 1+3
3) Sheep Marketplace &gt; 96,000 BTC &gt; 1+shopping
4) S&amp;L Ponzi &gt; 260,000 BTC &gt; 1+3
5) MyBitcoin &gt; 78,000 BTC &gt; 1+3
Trend?  They are all 1+3 or at least 1!  Off blockchain services that let you buy and sell bitcoin.
So why do we keep using this model when it doesn't work and is clearly dangerous???
Bitcoin is safe, 3rd parties are not.  
[Please sign up for Novauri!](
@_date: 2014-10-27 01:15:42
Glad you liked it.  I hope you use our services when they become available next year.  Or if you are interested in helping make it happen, send us a note.
@_date: 2014-11-19 00:41:31
I agree.  No one talks about this anymore and by the time we realize it is a problem, the problem will be too large to solve.  It could be a sovereign power cornering the market on hash power, it could be an interest group that wants to see cryptocurrencies rattled so as to push for a new agenda, or it could be simple profiteering.
[We need to resurrect this discussion, perhaps without my embarrassingly self-serving closed beta brokerage promotion.](
The holy grail is making small scale mining more economical than industrial scale mining.  Combine that with a strategy to disincentivize or eliminate pools like two-phase mining.  Of course no mining group would agree to this direction.  I think it's a matter of small scale mining economics via heat recovery systems (the heat from mining used for heating or other small scale uses, subsidizing electricity rates for electric heaters that pay their coinbase and trx rewards to the utility company, perhaps)?  That's a little far out there, and might only work in BitcoinVille right now.
@_date: 2014-10-26 03:09:26
It's on my to-do list.  It's just a really long list.
@_date: 2014-12-18 09:16:54
First, there's no reason you should be surprised.  Second, you can't possibly know that the funds I've referenced are a safer investment than Bitcoin.  I guess you could argue that bitcoin has been more volatile, but that's not the same thing as "safer".  
What if the currency that these funds are denominated in suffers a hyper-inflationary / deflationary spiral?  What if there is another depression, and a flight to cryptocurrency?  Major wars that shift the power of the governments or unions of governments issuing the underlying currency?
Personally, I think in the longer term, returns in bitcoin from today forward will outpace the S&amp;P 500.  The supply mechanics of bitcoin are based on math, and that determines the price to a large extent.  The equities you are espousing are denominated in currencies where the supply mechanics are determined by central planners.  Also the rate of taxation on c corporations is higher than bitcoin when you consider corporate and income double taxation.  No national currency has survived for many years.  All it takes is a major national crisis or war, and the currency is inflated away and sacrificed.  Heck, sometimes it doesn't even take a war, just irresponsible politicians and fiscal mismanagement (see Argentina).
@_date: 2014-11-20 00:54:11
I have to be nice to Circle for a while to correct some karmic imbalances, not that I'm superstitious or anything.  
@_date: 2014-11-22 00:24:06
Edit: we already had this discussion...  you showed me this thread:
Probably early onset senility.  Fantastic.  Just wonderful.  /edit
I think we had this argument last week or the week before on reddit somewhere.  Bottom line is BlockStream really doesn't have a fully baked cake at this point.  
Non-merge mined SC's are inferior to regular alt-coins in every way.  They are vulnerable to 51% and other attacks because they don't have the scale and infrastructure behind their mining, and if they are attacked, the option to hard fork is out - because the non-merge mined SC's units will have been unfrozen to bitcoin and are out of the SC.  Also, they only enable SPV level proof where a full alt coin could do much more.  I see non-merge mined SC's as, well, stupid.  Why would someone want to use one?  It's better to just go try and build yourself an ethereum and fund it on a website.
The only area I didn't necessarily agree with was that SPV offramps to merge mined SC's are bad.  
Say we have a two way peg to ScamCoin ^TM.  Alex Karpeles and Mark Green are partners and convince people to peg up 10,000 BTC over to the ScamCoin ^TM merge mined sidechain.  The convertibility of ScamCoin ^TM back and forth to bitcoin pegs it to bitcoin.  ScamCoin ^TM is backed by bitcoin, minus the risk in trusting Alex Karpeles and Mark Green's SC is safe.  
This is precisely like how the petrodollar is the world's reserve currency because all petrol / oil is traded on exchanges that only accept payment in USD.  This creates demand for the dollar, and cements it as the reserve currency of the world.  
Similarly if I want more ScamCoin ^TM, or to convert back to Bitcoin, I can do so freely.   Because the mining system behind ScamCoin ^TM is the same as Bitcoin, the infrastructure and hash power network effect are shared and symbiotic.
Where I would have a problem, is if the two way peg to a SC allowed the SC to create BTC - allowing more to reenter the parent network after being mined / created in the SC.  That's unacceptable and creates an inflationary leak into Bitcoin.  
As long as the SC cannot return more bitcoin than was originally pegged, I don't understand the big scary with the convertibility aspect. 
I do have issues with the approach for SC's.  I don't think the peg schemes are safe, I think there could be fraudulent transactions, and I think that even with an excessively long peg lock time (I may have the jargon wrong), there are still some valid concerns around forking.
I'm not really a huge fan of SC's, but I'm not scared of them.  They are vaporware right now, and if they ever got closer to not being vapor, so much would have to change that the big concerns about them would shift too.
@_date: 2014-11-19 06:58:16
That sounds awfully close to the "blockchain is amazing technology forget the currency" fallacy.
Cryptocurrencies are essentially positive feedback loops.  Their ability to decentralize is more powerful if demand for them is focused on one or two cryptocurrencies vs. hundreds or thousands.  We will see much more impact on technological evolution with one very powerful cryptocurrency than we would see with 100,000 altcoins running on linux boxes in kid's garages.  Just like decentralizing custody raises security, concentrating hash power and market capitalization in a few cryptocurrencies also increases security.
In order to compete with global payment networks and sovereign currencies, a cryptocurrency needs a massive network effect.  As long as the implementation of sidechains doesn't contribute to the centralization of mining in a deleterious way, or simply not make sense (as is the case with unmerged mined sidechains), I see them as a much more positive way to implement an alternative cryptocurrency.
I don't agree that it's about the early users who are whales protecting their own self interests.  I think it's a matter of appreciating the simplicity of bitcoin, it's robustness, and protecting what it is at its heart, unique digital information that cannot be copied, and solely for the reason that the information has value on the open market.  The higher the value, the safer the uniqueness of the information.  That's cryptocurrency at its heart.  I think you build on top of that as a protocol, you don't copy it.
@_date: 2014-11-01 17:14:47
Sorry about any confusion, yes initially Novauri will be US only.  There is much more detail on the about page.  It's generally a bad idea to start a service like this in many countries at once, there are too many rules, regulations, price differences, and moving parts.
No, I can't promise to offer you our services anywhere in the world or I would be dishonest.  We are illegal in Russia for example.  
We are doing the US first, perfecting the service, and then expanding based on where we see a market.  It's a blueprint I've used before and it works well.  Launching in multiple countries simultaneously is much riskier and gives you a high probability of failure, unless you are taking credit cards and calling that "international", which we do not plan to take for payment.
If you want to message me the email you used to sign up and your Country, I can give you more information and flag your record so you are in the list if and when we expand to that country.  
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:02:41
For the first time?  I believe that honor goes to gold and silver.
Do you mean electronically opt out?  Nope, the pioneers in that space were Swiss bankers.  
I bet you own bitcoin, don't you?  I don't like it when people try to pump the price of bitcoin with politics and war.  It is sleezy. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 14:26:40
Use exchanges to buy and sell amounts you can afford to lose.  Never store large sums of bitcoin or fiat on exchanges.  Take your funds out ASAP and put your bitcoins where you control the private keys.
Why is this so hard to understand?  Until an exchange offers deposit insurance products by a company like AIG, it is a risk to keep funds in their accounts or addresses.
Use your heads people.  My gosh.  The person who said there was a sucker born every minute was laughably conservative.
@_date: 2014-11-02 00:55:12
Because I'm not insulting him and I am kidding around?  
Edit: your username should be captainliteral
Quick screenshot this.
@_date: 2014-05-14 04:57:46
Well, I must say that this was the opposite of what I expected to see.  I really enjoyed watching this video.  It's refreshing to see something calm and down to earth where people are sharing ideas and information.  
I wish they would replace the punditry and fake democrat vs. republican pro-wrestling debate with this type of programming.  
Dare I say, good job Glenn Beck?  OMFG.  Pinch me.
@_date: 2014-10-31 01:48:12


I feel like this was paraphrased from a marketing brochure for threatmetrix or iovation.  Do you have experience building and running websites that receive online payments for irreversible products?  Which companies, exactly?  
I do have experience, lots of it, and at the companies with the nastiest exposures to fraud.  You haven't read my site.  You insinuated that we were a bitcoin honey pot and stated you would be skeptical until you saw that you could withdraw your bitcoin from our service.  Yet all of our work and the primary motivation for building Novauri in the first place was to give people full control of their funds and private keys.  Read: there is nothing to withdraw; we are not a bitcoin bank.  Clearly you havent researched our design, or done google searches about me or my team, but are making some pretty caustic statements about our hard work and throwing in a few personal attacks for good measure.   I welcome criticism and intelligent debate, but I am not going to respond to additional posts by you if you are obviously trying to smear me, trolling, or making personal attacks.
 
Yes, we will use available technology with partners and build our own, if we havent already.  Neural networks are meaningless marketing BS to me.  They are an execution of rules to reactively score something into a bucket, just like all of the other commoditized anti-fraud solutions to choose from.  The only difference is that some of the rules have their values scored by machine learning algorithms that are judging positive and negative correlations between individual values as well as multivariate data sets and metadata about these correlations over time. 
But guess what all of that fancy talk gets you? You still have a system that defends reactively.  It can only work after it fails to work, and the more it fails the better it prevents failure.  Its just smarter about learning from its mistakes a little faster.  You still need a fraud desk, unless you know something no one else doesnt.


Please don't put words in my mouth.  I meant exactly what I said, and that's the level of detail I intended to communicate in my statement.


This information is entirely available on our website. 


I'm sorry you don't feel our website is "meaty".  It's not marketing talk.  I wrote a lot of it and I do not have a background in marketing.  Yes we have a launch date (it's on the site you didn't read), and yes we have banking partners.


Patent applications are not searchable until 18 months after they are filed. I have other patents, they can be found by googling my name and the company where I worked before starting Novauri.  
Please have a nice day.  It sounds like you really need one!
@_date: 2014-02-17 13:43:38
[What a great idea.](
@_date: 2014-10-24 19:37:02
Oh come on, there might as well be a neon sign above your head that flashes "TROLLING".  
@_date: 2014-11-01 22:23:53
Thanks, I'll look for the message.  I'll also ask our designer if she can adjust the design so the US part is more noticeable.  
Yes, we'll honor the offer for international people who signed up if and when we expand to that Country.  Not doing that would be unethical and morally bankrupt, which isn't what we are about.
I have a big mouth, and I've learned the hard way recently not to overshare information (especially with certain fast talking lawyers who supposedly have your best interests in mind...) but I will say this:
That may or may not be a special offer.  We need results from our beta before we make up our minds.  I want Novauri to be free for everyone, and not in a gimmicky way, and not as some kind of a trojan horse to achieve another end.  If I can pay for all of the expense with exchange operations alone, I would prefer to charge zero fees for anyone.  
My goal is to to build a system so efficient it runs profitably at zero fees without bilking customers on exchange rates.  Novauri doesn't value shady marketing, fancy speeches at conferences, or similar nonsense.  Novauri is about offering transparency, safety, and simplicity made possible because of a fundamentally more efficient design.  
We believe very strongly that Bitcoin is supposed to be frictionless digital cash.  We're planning all of our long term goals based on bitcoin being unfettered by red tape.  Novauri is going to support bitcoin as a technology and act as a positive force.  By positive force, I mean that our goal and vision is to help bitcoin lift off, realize its potential, and ride the wave!
Oh, I received your message while I was typing this.  All good to go.
@_date: 2014-11-19 05:11:23
Wow that was fast...  Thanks novauristephy.
@_date: 2014-05-16 16:47:35
Step 1) Make up a string of 32 alpha numeric characters or flip a coin 256 times to get a binary 256 bit value of 1's and 0's (heads and tails).  This is your private bitcoin key.  No, really.
Step 2) Bitcoin uses ECDSA, so find the public key 65 byte public key (1 byte 0x04, 32 bytes corresponding to X coordinate, 32 bytes corresponding to Y coordinate) 
Step 3) Run the 65 byte public key through a SHA256 hashing function - this spits out 32 bytes (256 bits)
Step 4) Run the 32 bytes that were spit out from step 3 through RIPEMD160, which spits out 20 bytes (160 bits) 
Step 5) Run the 32 bytes from step 3 through SHA256 again, just for good measure.  Spits out a different 32 bytes.
Step 6) Take the first four bytes that were just spit out from step 5, and stick them on the end of the 20 byte output from step 4 - this is a checksum value (24 bytes)
Step 7)  Add a single version byte to the front the 24 bytes in step 6 - you now have a 25 byte binary bitcoin address
Step 8) Run step 7 through base58 encoding to remove easily confused characters like 0 and O - and viola, you now have a common bitcoin address.
So it's a heavily hashed public key that corresponds to a private key.
You can literally make up your own bitcoin private key.  That is what a "brainwallet" is.  So yeah, you don't need a computer for bitcoin, you can carry money in your mind.  Weird eh?
@_date: 2014-03-14 01:05:14
I love these posts.  Go Whiskey!  Or is it Whisky?  Who cares?!
Don't send any work emails.  Turn off your phone.
@_date: 2014-12-15 15:53:24
Their company was named blockchain before the term became as popular as it is today.  It's only in the last year or two that the phrase "blockchain technology" was referenced so often by IT publicists that it entered the lexicon of mainstream technical people.
In fact, the original white paper never refers to blockchain or block chain.  Proof-of-work chain?  Yes.  Blocks?  Yes.  Chain?  Yes, separately.  
Blockchain.info made a smart move naming their company the way they did.  And remember, Coinbase is just as much a bitcoin term.  If the term coinbase became widespread, would you think they should change their name too?  I think both should keep their names, they are valuable domains.
@_date: 2014-04-03 17:41:40
That's an interesting rehash of the major points I made [here]( 8 days ago.  
Are you at least going to cite me as a reference?
@_date: 2014-11-10 06:07:17
[Not early access, but it does guarantee you won't have a delay.](
@_date: 2014-11-02 02:10:08
Ha!  Maybe not a safety release valve, but a "relief valve".  
I clearly need to get caught up on my sidechains.  Not much time to read lately.  I'm a little murky on the two-way peg.
@_date: 2014-03-06 04:24:52
Two thoughts.  
Thought one: The 10 minute confirmation issue will be solved via private transaction verification engines.  Merchants will simply run full nodes and develop custom client software to cross-check transactions to their inputs for double spending before blocks are confirmed, allowing them to lower or eliminate double spending risk very quickly, in seconds vs an average of 10 minutes.
Though two: Why are you in jail?  You seem like a high functioning individual.  Did you function in a way that made people unhappy?
@_date: 2014-04-19 18:16:23
Accepting and freezing deposits for unverified customers is not following regulation.  It's using regulation to create a money trap. 
You aren't supposed to be able to open an account without verification.  These exchanges are bending the law to steal your funds because they know a certain % of new customers are ignorant about the rules and will not want to provide ID, for whatever reason, likely simple libertarian paranoia.
@_date: 2014-11-19 23:15:11
Given the OP's long history of posting in the "fakeid" subreddit, yeah, it's probably a bad idea, considering it's a felony and all.
@_date: 2014-12-04 08:08:43
Not if the person referring to it as something gross clearly stated they didn't know what "it" was in the first pla... eh know what, never mind.  Thanks now I have a headache.
@_date: 2014-06-11 02:08:30
Mass acceptance is going to bring the price crashing down?  He has bitcoin confused with something designed to be a transmission fluid for international transfers between different currencies and correspondence banks.  He's thinking ripple.
When Bitcoin gains mass acceptance seeing the price come crashing down will be like trying to divide something by one and claim the sky is falling.  Bitcoin will be the price.
Although I wouldn't rule out ethereum as a conjunctive to bitcoin, although I'm still a little murky on their mining, how they plan to get a network effect, and how their decentralized storage model ensures that other participants are not putting you at a practical risk of data loss.
@_date: 2014-11-14 20:26:46
It's not vaporware.  It's a simple standard that uses technology that already exists today.
The challenge is avoiding coinvalidation or similar approaches that risk linking leaked identities directly to cryptocurrency addresses in a public ledger.  Those approaches exacerbate existing privacy issues, encourage an economically unhealthy levels of surveillance, and generally will make things much worse that today, if you can believe that's possible given how many times the average person has now had their identity stolen and the other various shenanigans that keep popping up in the news.
We're not ready to publish the white paper, but it's been sitting around for a long time.  It's a little early for us to be moving ahead until there is a way to execute on it without creating coinvalidation, and the ability to do that isn't directly in our control and relies on adoption of other approaches for exchanging cryptocurrency that exist today in production, but are not ubiquitous enough to float a boat.  Sorry, soon though?
@_date: 2014-07-02 14:23:50
It was a strategic mistake for Russia in not adopting a more permissive stance on bitcoin earlier.  Bitcoin makes sense for any Country that is resource rich yet vulnerable to international sanctions executed via traditional payment systems (e.g. Ukraine, Crimea, Visa, MC).  I don't think Putin will jump in head first, but it would be silly to not let an industry grow around it, just in case everyone ends up moving to plan B.
@_date: 2014-03-10 01:33:13
That doesn't answer the question.  Why would you accept deposits from anyone before you know that they are entitled to withdrawal the deposits?
The only plausible answer is that they want to steal peoples' money.
@_date: 2014-12-19 06:29:52
Are you are saying that other fiat currencies are not based on or backed by the same things as the Zimbabwe dollar?  
That's just ridiculous.  All national currencies today are backed by the issuing government's ability to project power by tapping into the productive capacity of its taxable global economy, including inflationary spending.  
What you are effectively saying is that the groups backing the currencies popular today will never fall from power.  That's not something that has a historical precedent and is a statement that I would call fanciful bordering on delusional.
TLDR: I know you are, but what am I?
@_date: 2014-11-28 20:06:42
This was very helpful, thank you for sharing these instructions.
@_date: 2014-03-10 01:26:59
Wait, it was actually called ponzicoin?  And they are upset?  I need to start taking money from stupid people.  It seems like a much easier way to make a living.  How does one lose a moral compass?  Can you leave it on an airplane or bus?
@_date: 2014-10-27 19:02:19
We're planning a noob friendly version of it shortly after launch.  Emailing pdfs with QR codes and scary strings of BASE58 isn't going to cut it...
@_date: 2014-10-28 21:56:00
Thanks for trying to help me, but I don't see how this is a direct donation.  Are you taking a %?
@_date: 2014-02-04 08:39:17
What is more likely is that we discover a more granular resolution for the universe between now and then, realize old "laws" were theory, and make up new terminology to describe the new "laws" of the universe.
@_date: 2014-04-19 18:21:05
There was a Canadian exchange that did this.  It has nothing to do with following regulation.  They are using regulation as an excuse to trap and keep customer funds.  They are stealing.  
I would get your money out of that exchange ASAP.  Any exchange doing something shady like that is not going to have issues stealing your bitcoins.  
@_date: 2014-05-14 05:05:17
Net neutrality isn't a good thing.  Net neutrality is a necessary evil because access to the internet is controlled by duopolies or monopolies, and giving those monopolies additional power to control the speed of content inside their pipes would be disastrous.
It would be better if the monopolies and duopolies lost all of their regulatory entrenchment, the government's stacks of rules and regulations were abolished, and access to internet services was forced into a more decentralized, competitive environment.
If people had actual choices when accessing the internet, it wouldn't be a big deal if one or two of the ISP's decided to throttle content and censor, because there would be a dozen other ISP's who wouldn't, and would actively expose that the other ISP's were, ruining their brand and taking their market share.
We need forced decentralization and competition with our ISP's.  If we really can't have that, then yes, we need net neutrality.
What we really need is to abolish the FCC right after we break up the big ISP companies under anti-trust law and set up a model where small, innovative companies can compete with them.
@_date: 2014-12-24 05:12:01
This is my favorite:


Nice work; massive release.  Hope there's some extra time to test...
@_date: 2014-10-27 21:45:24
First one is a freebie.  After this you are going to have to pay my consulting rates.  I'm expensive ;).
[Money Transmitter](
[Provider of prepaid access](
@_date: 2014-11-10 03:33:32
[Sign up for the Novauri closed beta and we'll waive your fees for life.  We don't host bitcoin, and we also aren't going to enable OAUTH or API access to your account that bypasses 2FA or make other rookie mistakes like this.  Ever.](
@_date: 2014-02-16 15:28:21
That is not why bitcoin sucks.  The writing was on the wall with Mt. Gox a long time ago.  If you continued to use them that was your mistake.
Asking for "regulators" to do your thinking for you is not the answer.  Then bitcoin will really suck, because you will need to be a multi-millionaire to begin a start-up and pass a background check to transact, which also means every thing you do with bitcoin will be mapped to your identity and accessible to government agencies, or criminals who hack the databases of the exchanges or NSA.
In time the market will mature and solid players will emerge.  In the mean time, shut your mouth and stop asking for "regulation".
@_date: 2014-01-13 12:27:51
You might want to read up on how thepiratebay is creating an alternative p2p internet featuring fake DNS and website addresses that are bitcoin public keys (i.e. bitcoin addresses).
Bitcoin addresses are a part of a new, decentralized tcp/ip model where the "internet" is hosted using a p2p network by users.  This was never an intention of bitcoin community or the original designers, but I think people are now starting to wake up to the magnitude of the bitcoin protocol invention.  People use things in ways the original designers never intended all of the time.
Crazy stuff, but as long as there is extra demand for file sharing because of older industries, this technology has a serious chance of becoming ubiquitous.
It's funny the way that the harder you fight something, the faster it becomes a problem.  This technology could make google obsolete, or force them to reinvent their core business...
PS: you can associate information with a transaction in the blockchain.  You should read up on it; it's neat.
@_date: 2014-11-19 06:08:37
The device should be an add-on for a fee.  Maybe Novauri store...  throw in some tee-shirts and coffee mugs for good measure.
I'm not sure why you couldn't create a challenge / response 2FA using a mobile phone that still allows the user's browser to validate the website's identity without a physical device.  Wouldn't that simply be changing it from a rotating token to a challenge response model where the site must hit the API of the 2FA service, and the 2FA service must provide a token that the browser has tied to the TLS pub key of the authenticating site to prevent phishing / replay attacks?
I've had a few drinks, but it seems like there's something there...
@_date: 2014-02-21 12:59:02
First time poster, long time vapid, viral marketing douchebag.  Just a guess.
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:19:55
Your first sentence is true, but that is not how transaction malleability works.
Transaction malleability works by generating the signature for a transaction differently, and, in doing so, modify the hash without invalidating the signature and transaction itself (because the sig is part of the hash).  
Original and changed transactions are treated like double spends to miners and look exactly like double spend attempts, so every 10 minutes or so, one will be confirmed and one rejected as a double spend.
Mt. Gox claims they were fleeced because fraudsters would copy an original transaction early on in the network propagation, alter it, and them wait for the network to confirm the changed transaction and reject the original (a crap shoot, but call it 40/60 chances).
Then the crooks called their operations, claimed the transaction was "rejected" and demand a refund.  Their ops people would look up the transaction in the blockchain or their search tool via transaction ID, but because the sig was modified and hash was changed, they couldn't find the changed transaction, assume the transaction was rejected, and issue a refund.  
Of course the changed transaction was confirmed and the original was not, but they are both the same transaction, and the crook makes off with a 100% return.
So it's not that their running total got out of sync, it's that they were having their ops people look up transactions by hash, when the hash can be modified, and not realizing somehow that they were being scammed for over a year.
They should have reconciled their accounts from time to time and not used hash to look up transactions, as there is this known issue...
@_date: 2014-11-20 03:01:29
[Incorrect.  Says Satoshi Nakamoto.](
Where can I increase the difficulty?  This is too easy.  
@_date: 2014-05-10 06:56:43
~2083 days of bitcoin.  Here's to 300,000 more.  
@_date: 2014-03-03 22:24:04
The correct response to your question is twofold:
"This is actually good news." and
"To the moon."
@_date: 2014-11-15 00:42:10


Both.  The detailed version is that there are four transaction types.  Buy, Sell, Send, Receive.
Buy: You can have bitcoin sent to any address you wish, including paper wallets, brainwallets, trezors, we do not care.  After your funds clear (4 business days for ACH debit, less for PIN debit - but we are still debating if this is there day 1), we send the bitcoin from your purchase quote to any address you register to your profile.
Receive: Same.  It's a watching only situation anyway.  Register an address to Novauri, bitcoin still works the way bitcoin works.
Sell: Very different.  No, you cannot sell from any address you register to Novauri.  Why?  To sell you have to send bitcoin from that address to a back office address in our company so we can sell of the bitcoin to make sure we do not go on margin.  To send the bitcoin from your address, you must have control of the private key for the address to transfer the bitcoin.  To accommodate this, we create a bitcoin address for you during your registration that is derived from information you enter (your wallet password).  The private key for your address is created in your browser using javascript.   We never see it in plaintext, even in transit.  We store your encrypted private key on our side, but always the encrypted version.   Then when you want to sell, you receive and decrypt the private key locally using your wallet password again, sign the transaction locally, and thereby move the bitcoin to our back office address where the sale can happen.
Now... we could allow you to sell from other addresses, but this would require uploading private keys to our site.  We want no part of that, that is not our business.  We leave that to other groups, and we do not want your private keys anywhere near our servers.  To sell, you must send bitcoin to your Novauri address created during registration, and sell from that address.  We aren't creating a "2 step" process where we email you a back office bitcoin address and you send bitcoin there, or similar.  It's just to darn clunky.  So that's sell.  Simple on the surface, but pretty damn complicated under the hood.
Send - same as sell.  You can send from your Novauri address using the same local private key decryption approach.  You cannot send from other addresses you have registered to your Novauri profile that could be used to receive bitcoin or buy bitcoin.
Long long long answer to question 1...
Now question 2...


No, we won't use a particular exchange.  I have no insider information, but I doubt coinbase does either.  The price tracking bitstamp doesn't mean they trade there.  
We are very transparent at Novauri, it's one of the things we put value on, so I have no issues at all telling you a bit about what we will do, stopping short of putting us at a competitive disadvantage, of course. Our plan is to maximize or FX profit without ever going on margin.   Our strategy will be to use a combination of least cost routing to multiple exchanges to offset brokerage orders direct to customers.  We also plan to participate in secondary wholesale markets in order to boost our exchange profits.  
Our business plan is to never, ever go on margin though, so we'll need to maintain a net positive balance on bitcoin in most cases, because customers buy slightly more on average than they sell (with lots of variation depending on the market direction).  We do not plan to do anything funny, like operate a derivatives market on pending orders for profit, although we may use bitcoin derivatives to hedge risk on net positive reserves to protect against market fluctuations on an as-needed basis.
@_date: 2014-11-19 02:26:17
And full disclosure, as/if we take on funding, we may end up spending money on marketing... someday.  Never for astroturf though. There are some lines that just shouldn't be crossed, and I want to be able to go to bed with a clean conscience.
@_date: 2014-11-19 17:33:01
Please feel free to go into more detail about why each of those three areas is bunk using evidence and logic, otherwise spare me the hyperbole.
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:36:31
Full disclosure: My name is Will, I founded Novauri, and our team is building a service that will compete (at least somewhat) with Circle.  
[Please SIGN UP for our closed beta test in 2015 here.  It's super fast, takes 20 seconds, and we'll guarantee no transaction fees for the life of your account.  Plus our rates will be highly competitive. Read all about it on the website!](
Now that the shameless self promotion stuff is out of the way, Circle is likely less to blame for your experience than you might think, and believe me, I'm the last person to defend my competition.
**It's probably not intentional and not 100% Circle's fault**
The deal is, the US bank secrecy act and other regs have VERY strict rules around businesses acting as "money transmitters".  "Money transmitters" are a form of "money service business".  To regulators in the US, the are somewhere between a normal business and a bank.  Authorities are always concerned that money transmitters could become a high volume payment rail for groups that are doing things which are illegal.  Being authorities, their job is to enforce the law, and regulators actually create regulations that are "interpretations" of the law, which gives them quite a bit of latitude in terms of their decision making ability and general power.  
My service publishes a brief, easy to read overview of these [strict requirements that bitcoin direct sale and purchase businesses must follow.  Just click this or the previous sentence.](
**What is really going on with Circle?  Just one man's completely uninformed opinion** 
Two things:
1) they didn't know what they were getting into by going into financial services; and
2) the are in reaction mode.
1+2 is clearly evident in the fact that they accepted credit cards, but didn't have the experience to check their MCC codes with MasterCard and Visa.  They ended up with a pseudo-cash MCC code (like a cash advance) because the networks decided they were selling a cash advance like product.  When you buy stuff on credit, and the network gives your product an MCC code in the pseudo-cash range (there are 4-5 types if I recall), it's not like buying a pack of gum.  Typically your bank will charge you a cash advance fee.  What's worse, you IMMEDIATELY begin accruing interest (not the next billing cycle) at a much higher rate than your normal purchases.  This is nearly ubiquitous with credit cards, because anyone withdrawing cash from a credit card is a higher credit risk, because, well, they are obviously strapped.
Well Circle either had no idea this was going to happen, or did the world's worst job notifying their customers.  They ended up having to reimburse their customers for the fees and costs.  I know that sounds complicated, but to someone who has worked in the business, that was a rookie mistake.  My point?  They don't have experienced upper/middle level leaders in that company from the FI industry.  Senior execs?  Sure, but they are stuffed shirts and don't remember what an MCC code is.  I'll probably be one of those guys in 10-15 years, so it's not a dig, just a guess.
Now... since they made that rookie mistake on cards, I bet they are fumbling through the regulation thing too.  They probably have very good, highly paid attorneys, but don't have anyone on staff who has the experience to know what to do quickly. 
They are also probably fumbling through fraud.  Taking credit cards for bitcoin is a lose/lose proposition for any business.  It's too easy to buy the information needed to make a credit card charge pass with a CIP verified account, and the reversal process favors the consumer, and the networks will pull your merchant account if you don't honor their ruling.  
People really don't understand how complicated and incredibly challenging fraud mitigation really is.  Did you know that I can visit the darkweb, right now, and buy tens of thousands of full data profiles with information from real people?  I'm talking everything about them, including their DOB, SSN, bank account numbers, credit card numbers, CVVs, full public record and private database files (for answering those "where did you go to highschool" questions).  Their primary email and password?  Absolutely that's included because these schmucks were socially engineered, phished on a data collection website, or the information was flat out stolen by an insider working at a bank who was really working for an organized crime ring, or told a "friend" who worked for organized crime how to exploit weaknesses in the bank's security from the outside...  These guys are so advanced they will even sell you a registered mobile telephone account that uses a socks5 proxy so it appears to come from the ID theft victim's home town!!!
**Mission impossible: stopping fraudsters**
How the @ do you stop a super smart criminal or network of criminals with employees working inside of banks and government agencies who has a victim's full personal profile and a registered mobile phone that looks like it comes from their hometown electronically?
Two ways.  
1) you figure out patterns that make you slightly less vulnerable than the competition, so the criminals just go to your competitors.   That's most companies' strategy.  It's my strategy, and not to sound like an egotistical jerk, but I've got strategies that are going to be years ahead of anything they can patch together with partners.
2) you go "old school" or "manual".  Make the send in billing statements.  Make them go through an arduous process.  Make a human being review their file for patterns.  Be a pain in the butt, so it's too expensive for the crooks so they go someplace else with their data.
Circle is trying 2 because they haven't figured out 1.  They absolutely are not harvesting data because they are bankrupt.  Their CEO and leadership is far too accomplished and reputable for a petty, chump change scam like that.  
Circle is desperately trying to 'learn as they go'.  It's not an easy business, and I actually wish them luck.  If you like adrenaline and being up in the middle of the night because money is flooding out the door because of hackers, then money transmission is your cup of tea!
[All that said, sign up for Novauri.  We let you control your private keys, and we built the thing from the ground up to be safe.  Also, we know more about this business than our competitors, if that isn't plain obvious from the information I just shared with you above.](
-Will 
@_date: 2014-11-19 04:53:09
10000 bits
We would do more, but we're running pretty lean at the moment.  Thanks for the QA.
@_date: 2014-10-03 09:55:12
[It is Cloudflare.](
@_date: 2014-03-14 16:52:23
The customers on an exchange are each individuals and will act as such.  When you combine enough of them, it's no longer a series of individuals but several herds of sheep with a few wolves.
The wolf doesn't hold the naked short position for long.  It is a quick move to drive down the price, trigger stop loss orders, margin calls, and then cover.
They cover the naked shorts before anyone can even log into the exchange to transfer their bitcoin to another wallet.
@_date: 2014-10-26 03:04:39
It's a service that lets you buy and sell bitcoin using ACH bank withdrawals and deposits.  It requires a validated email address and password, mandatory 2FA via SMS text or a token generating app, and a linked US bank account (via trial deposits or instant authentication by logging in over oauth).  Trading over $3,000 / day in buys + sells also requires KYC.
It's US only at first.  Our beta will be March or April, and our public release will be July of 2015.
The difference is, instead of using "hot" and "cold" wallets, we don't have access to your private keys.  You can create a wallet using our service, but the design is such that we never see your private keys in unencrypted form (and in one design we never see them in encrypted form either...).  That means we can't steal your money.  It also means we don't have to pay for insurance or the extra security, which means we cost less.
There's a lot more, but that's the idea.  Our team has done a lot of international products, so we're going to take it overseas pretty quickly.  It's being funded by the people building it, so we really need support to get this off the ground.  It's pretty darn expensive to become a money transmitter in all 50 states, and having some traction with the community will help us with investors who can help us with the crazy upfront costs.
That's what it is, exactly.  Let me know if you want more information, happy to spend too much time on reddit.  It's one of my gifts :).
@_date: 2014-05-19 00:51:37
Is there no option other than holding inflating dollars today?  Cannot rich people can't buy stocks, bonds, real estate, or gold with their dollars?
@_date: 2014-03-04 18:50:35
I hear the internet is a series of pipes.  Better call Mario and Luigi.
@_date: 2014-11-04 06:01:01
Is it really that freaking hard to start a bitcoin fund?  
The IRS ruled bitcoin as property.  Structure it as a REIT, get it listed on an exchange, and let's get on with it!
There are over 8 trillion dollars invested in 401k and IRA plans in the US, 2000 times more than the current market cap of bitcoin.  There are over 20 trillion in total retirement assets, or 5000 times the present market capitalization of bitcoin.  
If just in the USA, people invested 1% of their retirement savings into bitcoin, the price of bitcoin would be 50 times higher.  0.1%?  5 times higher.
If I can invest my 401k in high risk German junk bond funds, and microcap uranium mining companies working in Africa, or companies that are incorporated in other Countries as ADRs doing gosh knows what with other Countries that may or may not be on US sanctions lists (I said can, not that I was), then why can't I put money into Bitcoin?  
Someone needs to get their act together and create a mainstream bitcoin investment vehicle.  At least explain to the public what is taking so ridiculously long!
@_date: 2014-06-28 17:55:15
This site has more accurate data:
 
@_date: 2014-12-21 17:25:30
Two-bit idiot, I take some issue with the way you write about the 2.0 version of the rules, starting with the fact that you haven't read them yet and only heard a speech.
First of all, "We Got X" is ridiculous.  It's "We Lost Y, and the benefit of having this rule in place will be Z".  I don't see you talking about Y or Z at all.  
This should be viewed through the lens of "is this doing more good than harm", not "gee golly this is so much better than the other version did you read that thing?"
Sorry, not a very good article.  You don't really understand what you are writing about, or the magnitude of the effect these regulations will have on bitcoin, not to mention the duration.  
The BSA has been the root cause of identity theft since the 1970s with its outdated "data retention" rules.  They didn't anticipate things like modern data center storage, 3rd party vendors, encryption, or modern databases, so it creates an environment where companies keep multiple copies of everyones' personal information every time they want to open a financial account.  Want to know why everyones' identity keeps getting stolen?  It's the BSA, and every other Country in the world copying it as a model.
Now the BSA hasn't been updated for a world with computers.  Do you think this BitLicense will be updated as the technology grows?  Unless it is exceedingly well done, this regulation will be damaging to innovation.  It's foolish to write articles like this without reading it first.
@_date: 2014-12-06 20:35:14
Glitchy behavior?  Seriously?
If they are delisted, there need to be clearly defined criteria to be listed on the site, and remain listed.  The issues must be specified as defects (i.e. requirement / expected result, actual result, requirement to fix).
Glitchy behaviour could be not liking the way a button renders, or occasionally failing UX elements that have no impact at all on security.  Most versions of truecrypt had glitchy behaviour, my ironkey had glitchy behavior.  That was software and software/hardware that was a hell of a lot more secure than any of these services except maybe armory. 
@_date: 2014-01-29 13:28:10
Why would you trade a product with additional counterparty risk when it is so easy for the ETF manager to digitally sign and prove that the funds are there to back the ETF?
Gold can be naked shorted because it's in a vault somewhere behind armed guards.  It's not easy to verify if there are 100,000,000 ounces on hand or 50,000,000.
With bitcoin, it's a simple matter of signing for an address with balances.  
See the difference?  Like I said, bullshit, you can't naked short bitcoin.  If you did, I could make a competing ETF that has verified funds, has less counterparty risk, and takes away all of your marketshare.
@_date: 2014-05-29 09:15:01
So, looking at a chart that starts at the height of the last bubble doesn't show great performance against share prices of unrelated stocks.  Ok?
@_date: 2014-04-03 04:11:30
Moms, because bitcoins have feelings too.
@_date: 2014-11-14 08:22:06
Source code changes?  Miners and people running nodes won't use a new version that disrupts bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-26 04:57:19
They aren't assholes.  If I wasn't working on a startup this is one of a handful of bitcoin companies I would consider.  Also, they just got a @ of VC money, which helps with job security I'm sure.
Good luck to you guys finding awesome developers who aren't entitled princess prima donna types!  And clue me in to how you did it if you figure it out.
@_date: 2014-11-19 15:13:44
Why will they exist and thrive, exactly?  Can we lose the hyperbole and false dichotomies please?  I don't think we have much to discuss here.  You have made up your mind.
@_date: 2014-12-24 16:56:12
You should read up on the BSA and FINRA rules and regulations.  I doubt Coinbase is thinking "gee, it sure would be good for business if we spied on our customers and froze their accounts without regard for due process so that can go out on social media and complain about it."
It's not Coinbase, it's our outdated laws and how they are interpreted and enforced.
@_date: 2014-02-25 19:56:11
No, it would correct after one confirmation.  A number in a database could be incorrect, but not if it was reading from the blockchain.
What Gox is saying is that all the numbers in a database were never added up and compared to the number of bitcoins held in their receive addresses (pooled accounts) for years.
I find that incredibly hard to believe.
@_date: 2014-10-28 19:24:36
Yes, that's the one.
@_date: 2014-10-27 12:42:04
Yes, and my point is that looking at just the energy and hardware components of a payment system is plain uninformed.
It is like comparing the cost of building the great pyramids using slaves that you work to death (centralized) vs industrial earth moving equipment and cranes (bitcoin) and comparing only the calories burned from food vs fuel!
There is a massive employee and facilities overhead associated with standing up centralized systems.  There are supporting industries that exist just to serve this need.  With time bitcoin eliminates this need.  The overhead from human and facilities costs dwarfs the cost of bank hardware vs the blockchain and mining.
@_date: 2014-04-24 14:01:33
How does one fund their "hardware wallet".  I don't agree, that's not the holy grail.  It's a solution to a specific security concern that leaves a lot of unanswered questions.
@_date: 2014-06-11 06:32:29
No, what he meant is that long term bitcoin's future is as a translation layer between other currencies, and that when it is widely accepted, it won't be valuable because it won't be held long term and will be exchanged instantly.
He thinks bitcoin is ripple.  It's ok, he doesn't get it yet.  If CNBC anchors ever get bitcoin right, sell half and buy on the lows.  Those are the guys and girls that you need to leave holding the bag when it corrects after the next spike.
@_date: 2014-12-16 16:06:13
Nice.  Wasn't the lack of deterministic signatures the reason bitcoin.org delisted blockchain.info?  The ball is in their court now.  It will be telling to see how they react.
@_date: 2014-12-06 23:35:06
Shocking.  
@_date: 2014-10-29 18:35:16
You would be surprised... very large companies make that same mistake all of the time.  
Setting up a card program can be dozens of pages of settings, depending on the underlying processor.  The settings are full of jargon that no normal person would understand.  Granted, becoming a merchant is nothing compared to the other end of it, but still, payments is not an easy business.  It's incredibly complex and difficult to learn comprehensively.  It's very easy to make what seems like a stupid mistake, and when you make a mistake it can cost you millions very quickly.
@_date: 2014-05-27 17:21:33
Great.  Please follow through by having an accounting firm complete a financial audit.  This will pay for itself and add stability to the entire sector.
@_date: 2014-11-20 00:58:52
@_date: 2014-12-04 13:28:33
Well said. 1000 bits private
@_date: 2014-12-24 22:43:10
Profit model is 100% bid/ask spread for beta customers.  We may charge a transaction fee for non-beta customers, but we're not sure.  The financials are very much above water with no fees at all. 
We are profitable because not being a bank = no insurance, no ultra expensive security around massive hot/cold wallets, no explaining why it's safe for us to sit on 100s of millions of USD in bitcoin to regulators (lower deposit costs), so that means lower overhead, bigger profit margins, which allows us to offer better rates with no fees.  
That's not our long term strategy to make money, but it's going to more than profitable enough to get off the ground.
@_date: 2014-08-18 13:05:44
Hi BrainDamageLDN,
The price of bitcoin is not driven by news.  The price of bitcoin is driven by market dynamics.  Please keep reading.  
Bitcoin trades on many exchanges where buyers and sellers are matched very quickly.  These markets are essentially the same environments where stocks, bonds, commodities, and currencies trade.
There are thousands of incredibly smart people who do nothing but build computer programs to exploit prices and profits on open markets.  When "news" breaks, like Dell taking bitcoin, or ebay talking about bitcoin, someone already cheated and bought bitcoin on that news, bringing the price up long before the public knew.  Even with an SEC monitoring stocks, this is assumed in stock markets.  There are no such rules for bitcoin.  
This is why there is an old addage amongst those who trade, "don't trade on the news".
In fact, many make their living doing the opposite.  Using the "news" as what's called a "contrarian indicator".  Meaning, good news = sell, bad news = buy.  This strategy naturally takes advantage of people who don't know any better, and panic sell on bad news, or buy on good news.  
There are trading algorithms that sense market depth.  Depth is how many buyers or sellers there are at certain price levels.  These algorithms know that if they sell enough or buy enough to punch through certain levels, it can move the price far without much money.  This makes people panic, sell or buy more, and reinforce the trend.  The programs then can cover their position, but with the other fools jumping on the trend, they can cover their position at a steep profit, and make another profit when the price swings the other way.
So what I'm telling you is, it's not about news.  It was never about news.  It's about psychology.  Unless you are a professional trader, or you write high frequency trading algorithms, you need to stop fretting, take a step back, and think to yourself.
Do I still believe in the reasons that caused me to buy bitcoin?
When I look at how much I have bought, and I completely lose it all, or it goes no where in price, will I be OK financially?
If I am trying to profit in another currency, have I made a plan to sell at certain price points, or times in the future, and will I stick with that plan?
If you answered 1 and 2 YES, and if 3 either doesn't apply to you or you answered YES, then you need to calm down and go find another thing to read about other than the bitcoin price.
@_date: 2014-12-25 19:10:59
Based on his analogies of bitcoin to checks, he doesn't understand what bitcoin is at a meaningful level, or [the inefficiencies it can drive out of the payment system]( not to mention other industries.
So, Warren Buffet is not qualified to have an informed opinion on bitcoin because he doesn't understand it.
What he should have said was "I don't understand bitcoin, and therefore I won't buy it."
That's honest, and excellent advice.  You shouldn't buy bitcoin if you don't understand it.  
Still, assuming he knows enough about it to declare it a "joke", and advising other against it, well, that's a display of ignorance and hubris that's pretty common in old, rich and powerful people.
This isn't news, though.  He's a value investor using a derivative of Benjamin Graham's approach to value investing.  He can't begin to value something he doesn't understand.  I'm not sure why this would be a surprising reaction from him on bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-30 11:09:30
@_date: 2014-01-09 03:12:27
Why would you think the government would be chronically under-funded?  
It's boring to repeat that the higher up the socio-economic ladder you go you'll see a direct negative correlation between the actual % of taxes paid vs. what the published taxation rates are globally by income bracket.  That correlation holds across private individuals and corporations.  It's a clear line on a scatterplot.  Many books have been written.
The rich can afford to figure out how to evade taxes legally or through channels where they cannot be prosecuted.  In the US you can lobby lawmakers to have loopholes inserted into the tax code.  This is pandemic in 1st world Countries, not just the US.  See, politicians need to be reelected, and those with control of capital write the laws.
Normal and poor people either comply, pay stiffer penalties than if they hadn't, or go to jail.  It's easy to catch poor people, harder to catch those with the resources at hand to evade, and those with the most resources are writing the laws with which that they must comply.  As I would likely as well.  Such is to be human.
In the end when you boil away all the nonsense it's a binary question where you have one of two paths to choose: central control executed according to the consensus of a group of elites vs. decentralization and a predictable, math based model that cannot be modified by humans as required, but also is not subject to modification because of a human opinion that such modification is required.
How did the US Government collect tax before the privately owned Federal Reserve was founded and an income tax existed?  Magic?
My real question: Do you believe that redirection of wealth through heavily corrupted and ham handed taxation (including inflationary global monetary policy executed from the BIS via the Central Banks) is better than a formula based on math that is predictable?  Better in terms of speed and inefficiency?
I would sure trust math before I would trust a counterparty, nun, psycopath, banker, or otherwise.  I damn know well a platform, even with free market proof of work is going to cause less economic drag than a bunch of powerbrokers and academics dictating policy in a locked room.
Let it go, and let's try evolving out of the Roman empire and actually leveraging technology, shall we?  Let's not be 21st century luddites.
We're all trying to help people.  I believe that.  There are no profiteers in the Central banks and I truly believe that everyone at the switches has transcended such petty corruptions.
Still, do you trust your human decision making based on analysis, or a flawless, cryptographically sealed and decentralized free market for currency issuance?
Let the currency be solid, monkey with taxing durable goods and real estate.  Tangible items.  Get the lawyers and accountants as far from technology as possible.  Let math run the protocol, not process cops and their puppeteers.
Thanks for the ear.  Eventually we let AI take over if we need to counter feedback loops in business cycles causing negative and detrimental harmonics.  I believe that the free market will naturally correct these harmonics as long as the language of the markets is crystallized in a protocol.  That includes counteracting genocides in emerging nations better than a military response to the UN through simple risk vs reward.  There's nothing like the piercing sunlight of math to bleach the darkest stains on the shirt of humanity, yo.
@_date: 2014-12-06 19:39:16


You didn't address any of the questions.  Who made this 60 day decision and what were the criteria?  
"Weird old fork" is a subjective assessment, so is "until very recently".  I think you must be a competing wallet developer.
@_date: 2014-03-28 00:26:52
I'm unclear how this solves for calculating the cost basis of the coins spent.
You have to use a FIFO method, which doesn't work unless your wallet knows all of your addresses, and the earliest date you acquired coins.
How would it know that an address was a purchase transaction and not a transfer from a cold to hot wallet at an exchange?  
This doesn't work.
@_date: 2014-11-12 21:12:08
This is why we are building Novauri.
[Please sign up for the Novauri US closed beta and we will waive your transaction fees for life.  Novauri lets you buy and sell bitcoin, but doesn't ask for control of your money, and never have access to your private keys!](
@_date: 2014-10-27 16:05:28
I think we're missing the key point.  There are three things, not two.
1) Off blockchain wallet services that control your money
2) On blockchain web wallet services or programs that let you control your money, give you your own addresses and control of your private keys
3) Services that let you buy and sell bitcoin for fiat
* Circle and coinbase are 1+3
* Blockchain.info or bitgo.com are 2
[We are building 2+3, a service that lets you buy and sell bitcoin and also keep control of your money.  The service is called Novauri, and we believe people who wish to control their private keys and bitcoin will choose us over Circle and Coinbase.  We'll be safer in that we can't have a Mt. Gox-like meltdown, cheaper because we don't have to pay to secure and insure massive hot and cold wallets, all because we let you keep control of your private keys.](
Sign up for our closed beta starting in March 2015 ~~4~~  and we'll waive your transaction fees for the duration of your account.  
Sorry I hate shameless plugs as much as the next guy, but I have to let people know that we're trying to build you a choice.
Edit: beta start required a time machine; thanks fixthetracking.
@_date: 2014-12-11 08:13:41
You've got to be kidding me.
@_date: 2014-10-30 06:35:36
Gotta have neural networks.  For an extra $50,000 you get this fancy power point slide, lots of colorful boxes with arrows pointing places, and a free false sense of security!
The key to fraud mitigation isn't a silver bullet.  It's a few dozen copper bullets that you rotate based on patterns, persistence, and a few other key things that you don't talk about on reddit.
@_date: 2014-10-27 12:28:10
I understand why you would feel this way from the perspective of someone looking purely at the tech, but this isn't true.
Centralized systems lack trust.  That means they must be secured and will, by definition, occasionally have insider breaches or be "hacked" (which is almost always an insider pretending btw).  The reason decentralized systems are more efficient is not only because they are decentralized, it's because of consensus and the blockchain.
@_date: 2014-03-07 06:11:49
This sounds like a Byzantine Generals problem to me.
@_date: 2014-04-08 13:46:46
The customer identification program sections of the patriot act do not require collection of a palm scan and picture of someone's head to validate their identity.  The requirements don't even require a government issued ID.
You could have just as easily had them enter information freehand and partnered with a company like Experian to validate the data against public records and meet the regulatory standard.  You can prefill the information with the 2d scan code on the back of most ID's without requiring a copy.
In fact, under $1,000 you aren't required to collect personal information at all.  This is why it's entirely possible to purchase an open loop Visa or Amex gift card in the checkout line without providing ID.
It will be necessary because you decide it is, not because of a rule or regulation.  
@_date: 2014-10-26 03:11:36
You got it.  We have to create an address to make sales and sends work without a 2-step process, but we can do that in a way that we never know your private keys or even have temporary access to them.  
We still won't be as secure as a paper wallet, but we'll be on the level of a blockchain.info or similar.  We are going to do a few things some won't like, e.g. we're making 2FA mandatory to open an account, but it's just such an important safety measure we have to make it required to keep most of our customers safe.  We're still going to encourage our customers to get their bitcoin into a more secure wallet if they build up an excessive balance.  I'm considering nagging them with the equivalent of what linkedin does when you haven't filled out your profile.
Also... we're letting you register any bitcoin address to your profile.  That means when you buy we will send the bitcoin directly to any address you choose, including an address for your paper wallet, Trezor, or whatever you would like.
@_date: 2014-10-28 23:06:29
Have you tried working with another bank?  There are several EU banks that are very tolerant and even friendly to bitcoin businesses.  
Just count your lucky stars that you do not run your bitcoin business in the USA.  You can count the bitcoin tolerant banks in the US on one hand.  And not just any "one hand".  One hand of a chronic alcoholic wood-shop teacher with poor motor skills and no attention to detail.  I was lucky.  Most aren't.
@_date: 2014-11-19 14:34:26
There wasn't a 51% attack.  Go read about what happened to alt coins after a 51% attack.
@_date: 2014-05-27 14:10:59
Your headline is deceptive, that's not an audit.  If bitstamp was insolvent and wanted to prove otherwise, this is exactly what they would do.
1) Use fiat deposits to buy enough bitcoin to cover customer deposits
2) Verify BTC deposits, not verify fiat deposits at the same time
3) Not use a real accounting firm that wouldn't be fooled by shenanigans like these, but maybe a local celebrity who people trust, exactly like what happened with Gox.
Your headline and article should mention these issues and not give a false sense of security.
@_date: 2014-06-05 21:27:35
Google Glass is an idea conceived by certain nerds for certain nerds.  It will never be mainstream until it's a retinal implant or completely invisible.
See, young people with good eyesight don't wear glasses beyond a fashion accessory and are MUCH more interested in getting laid and being appealing to the other sex.
Why would they want to walk around with a headset that records everything and can broadcast everything to your friends in your google circles? 
Glass = product designed by certain nerds, for certain nerds.  The type of certain nerds who tell women it would be "my honor" to help them fix their mac laptop.  Right.
@_date: 2014-11-14 15:43:05
That wasn't clear in your first post.  
You haven't articulated a concern about "conflict of interest" in your second post.
Care to shed some light on your thoughts?
@_date: 2014-10-29 04:44:50
Thanks, Gavin.  This works.
It will be a quarterly cycle with one off-cycle before 1/1/2015.  
We have some work to do but will link an explanation soon.  
@_date: 2014-07-10 01:13:14
Here is why.  It's in the bank secrecy act.




[Read all about it here.](
Upvote for the truth.
@_date: 2014-11-19 07:04:50
Will do, and I really need to go to bed.  Freaking reddit.  Good night!
@_date: 2014-03-04 20:39:57
I know.
You are likely already being targeted by the smartest computer hackers in the world as well as organized criminals who want to find new and exciting ways to launder money.  They will have substantial resources at their disposal, and are surprisingly creative.
Your success will be making sure the networks don't pull your merchant accounts and managing fraud risk efficiently.  You better have some brilliant ideas in this area, because very smart people have tried and failed.
Good luck.
@_date: 2014-11-21 09:59:21
Spend the money on creating well documented, easy to use, bug free merged mining software, and keep it up to date.  This could be an extension of QT.
Centralization of mining is the risk we should be concerned about over the longer term, and merged mining is hard to do competitively for a hobbyist without using a pool.  
Widely distributed, maintained, and free software that takes care of merged mining will create more competition in mining pools, and even allow people to easily "do it themselves", and still remain somewhat competitive with large pools.
This will also diminish the effect of merge mined sidechains pushing mining towards a more centralized model through pools, as they increase the complexity of merged mining as well.
I really think this needs a closer look.  It's understood that with block rewards mining is competitive, but why can't we have software that is up to date and at least levels the playing field?  It would seem that this would be a smart way to invest in the overall long term health of the bitcoin protocol.  
@_date: 2014-12-07 07:21:43
The attacks through TOR were SSL stripping where the bad guy (MITM) was running a tor exit node and would intercept requests to an HTTPS service and downgrade the connection to unencrypted and unauthenticated HTTP.  
Then if the person didn't notice the http switch and the browser doesnt enforce HTTPS (bc.i is now enforcing HSTS and is working on HPKP last I read), any data or credentials submitted can be read as clear text in the message and stored by the MITM.  It was intercepted credentials by downgrading the connection to read the message.
[Here is a writeup](
[Here is an excellent video - skip to 38:34.](
The attacks using the TOR exit node https downgrading could be used to attack other services than bc.i, including those that don't use js.   When you downgrade the connection you can intercept the payload for user and password in clear text.
@_date: 2014-10-29 18:09:59
I noticed that.  It's the error text if a field is not correct.  The site right now is a stand-in while we build out the full site.  That's a wordpress plugin that is secure to collect basic personal info in conjunction with an SSL cert, but isn't the most customizable thing in the world.  We can just adjust the CSS for it and fix it that way.
Let me know if you see any other flaws or errors though, it's easy to miss the little things.
@_date: 2014-11-11 01:19:13
Oh, so then you become their agent?  
I see that they have registered with FinCEN, but it's an initial registration, meaning they submitted a form 107.  
I don't see them as being registered in NY State.  
Am I missing something?
@_date: 2014-12-28 20:16:20
The truth?  
It doesn't matter.  Any service in the US has to do what I posted at a bare minimum.  
That person is a shill, naive/uninformed, or works for a competitor.  This forum is overflowing with people like this.
At least we're being up front about what we have to do.  Not sure where he's going to find a better option.  Maybe he wants someone who will lie to him or put more marketing spin on it?
@_date: 2014-02-25 22:27:27
New regulation is not the same as enforcing existing laws.  I'm not an anarchist, I'm a pragmatist.  
I strongly believe that it's still too damn early to be regulating bitcoin exchanges in new ways before the industry has even had a chance to evolve.  I also think that any new regulation needs to be MUCH more transparent than that I've seen in traditional banking historically and focused on helping users, not power brokers in back rooms drive off small business competition.  Every time a business fails, that doesn't mean we need regulation.  
It's not too early to prosecute people like Marky here for international wire fraud and grand theft, or whatever the phrase is in the applicable jurisdiction using japanese characters.  There's no need to make up new rules (and take power in the process) to take care of situations like these.  We don't need a brave new world of privacy invasion to track down embezzlers.  Please read my post, I fail to see the hypocrisy in my statements, and I'm deeply offended by your potty mouth comments.
@_date: 2014-02-23 04:34:35


What is the formula you used to calculate volatility, exactly?  What is "the volume-weighted average price"?
That doesn't sound like a legitimate formula for volatility.
Also, why are you graphing this out on a log chart?
A simple glance at a linear chart of the price of bitcoin over time reveals that your statements are complete BS.
@_date: 2014-02-22 01:00:58
A compelling perspective, old chap.. Could I interest you in some tea and crumpets as we watch Rome burn?
@_date: 2014-10-28 23:08:22
Ugh, IRC is a perpetual silent treatment.  Can't the core devs figure something out that doesn't involve tithing a 3rd party?  This seems central to being decentralized!
@_date: 2014-11-18 19:47:27
Congratulations, well deserved.
@_date: 2014-12-21 17:41:51
Thanks for the wishes.  It does compete day 1, but it's clear we have different long term strategies and are going to end up in different markets.  The markets may not exist yet, but that's half the fun.
@_date: 2014-11-20 00:10:34
I know what he means.  He's wrong.  It's not about servers, it's about distributed consensus.  Unless everyone is using cloud services on the same gigantic server, then maybe he's on to something.  That's one hell of a claim.  Someone warn AWS and digital ocean.  Pat O is coming for you.  
@_date: 2014-12-28 22:30:21


You didn't read what I wrote, call me a bunch of names, accuse me of badmouthing Coinbase and insult my integrity.
If you had bothered to read what I wrote, you would have noticed that I defended Coinbase and said I didn't believe it was their choice.  Twice.
@_date: 2014-08-17 23:19:50
Nice work.  Here is 1 beer .
@_date: 2014-11-19 15:04:06
I guess this makes you a trusted 3rd party...
You need to read more about this subject before you will be able to contribute meaningfully to the dialogue.  This topic has been the subject of intense debate for years, and was the central point of the original white paper.
Ps, who cares about the Cato institute?  Do the Koch brothers make a lot of groundbreaking contributions to bitcoin that I missed?
@_date: 2014-11-19 16:35:21
I will change my opinion when I see polished, bug free, easy to use, free software.  I think this is a huge need, and whoever fills it would be doing a huge favor for the community.
@_date: 2014-03-27 01:43:31
Not under 200 USD.  Why?  So foreign currency can still be used to make normal, everyday purchases and be used as...
guess it yet?
a currency.
@_date: 2014-10-22 22:34:30


History indicates otherwise.


 
Tablets spread about as fast as molasses in January.  In 1987 (that's 27 years ago)  Apple Computer started its tablet project.  Their first tablet was released in 1993 (that's 21 years ago), the Apple Newton.  It failed to take off.  Since then Microsoft tried, others tried, and it's only with the iPad that we finally saw the tablet computer take off.
The smart phone took even longer.  The idea was conceived in 1971 (that's 43 years ago).  The first smart phones were in Japan, and weren't iPhones.  The NTT Docomo was released in Japan in 1999, and became huge.  Japan was about 10 years ahead of everyone else in this area, especially when it came to mobile computing and text messaging.  The evolution started in the mid 1990s though, so it took about 20 years to mature.


People who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.  Even the telephone took 50 years to catch on.  You might want to rethink your philosophy on this, because it's clearly based on fiction.
@_date: 2014-11-19 21:35:51
Wow.  That's deep.  This is going to be a tough act to follow.  You had better skip right to solving world peace next.
@_date: 2014-10-30 07:19:56
Thanks, tim1967.  Glad to have you as a future customer.
@_date: 2014-12-10 06:38:24
We have a unique mix of developers, hackers, angel investors, anarchists, libertarians, legitimate entrepreneurs, sociopath hucksters, happy viral marketers, subversive viral marketers, paid shills, paid trolls, psyops trolls, foreign intelligence agents, "concern" trolls, concerned bankers, confused bankers, confused and concerned regulators, confused venture capitalists who made a wrong turn at the internet of things, bridge trolls, and newbies.
I don't think it's possible to moderate It's a good place if you enjoy arguing with strangers.
@_date: 2014-11-20 01:15:08
Yes, and let's keep it that way.
@_date: 2014-10-27 16:25:24
No.  We also invented a time machine.  Yes...  I'll edit that.  Good catch.  This is what happens when I have 6 cups of coffee and then do reddit.
@_date: 2014-12-11 22:58:35
These are ridiculous questions.  Fiat can't economically perform microtransactions.  Fiat requires international settlement systems, banks in every country for every currency, complicated return and regulatory rules that create entire departments of expensive overhead to deal with, and things you clearly have never had any experience dealing with from the questions you ask.   
If you don't believe me and don't get it, I don't have time to convince you.  You can get into it when it comes bundled with your computer's operating system in a few years and is no longer separate and distinct from the internet. 
@_date: 2014-03-14 03:34:11
I love your optimism, but I'm not sure that I share it.
The gold and silver markets have been manipulated down for years through naked shorts.  It's not some crazy conspiracy theory, you can find information about it from numerous reputable sources.
The manipulation boils down to the Fed acting through bullion banks to naked short gold in the NY Comex futures market.  Prices tank, which triggers stop loss orders, and margin calls, and more stop loss orders, technical support breaks down, and it scares the hell out of little guys who sell before they lose their houses and get out of the gold trusts.  The bullion banks then repurchase the shares and redeem them for bullion from the trusts.  The gold is then sold on the London physical market, which supplies physical delivery demands from APAC, while confirming the price shenanigans that unfolded on the Comex.
Bitcoin is a little different, in that it's much easier to transport, verify, and divide, but the same principals apply if we let large entities sell short without any assets to sell on a virtual book.  
Think  of it this way, if I know all of the stop-loss triggers and amounts on my exchange down the sell side, and the limit buy order amounts and volumes, I can calculate how much money it would take to sell through all of that and if I would come out ahead on the bottom end.  
It's not hard to do this type of calculation, it's just a lot of algebra and risk management if other whales try to eat my lunch on the way down.  But hell, I probably have lunch with those whales, so who is to say?  If you can naked short sell, and you have truck loads of fiat, and no need to own the actual digital currency, you can steamroll through all the stop-loss orders, create a sell avalanche that compounds with margin calls for the speculative types, and really drive the thing into the ground.  Then you buy it back cheap to cover the sold counterfeited bitcoin.
It works, and if you are big enough and have enough money, it's a sustainable business model that can be used to manipulate markets.  Not pie in the sky stuff, it's all been done before for years.  See gold, except you don't even need to sell anything in London, just buy back the BTC when prices are lower!
@_date: 2014-12-13 00:33:29
I don't think anyone is out to destroy bitcoin.  
It's more that some companies that are active in this area don't have a real vision for the future, have no class or grace, and lack a sense of ethics.  They actively smear each other with real or fabricated stories in an effort to sway public opinion and take customers.  Apparently it's either working, or they don't know when to quit.
Also there are speculators that try to manipulate bitcoin prices by making things up and posting them here (see Chinese regulators banning bitcoin three times daily). 
@_date: 2014-11-14 22:32:31
This is Will from Novauri. 
We are accepting sign ups for our US closed beta release.  Our beta is scheduled for late March or April of 2015. 
Novauri is a bitcoin purchase and sale service that is designed to not act like a bitcoin bank. We don't require you to hand us control of your money, or "allow" you to keep control as an "option".  You keep your private keys.  That means we don't sit on millions of dollars of bitcoin like our competitors.  That's bitcoin that, if you read the fine print, is largely uninsured and can be stolen by employees or hackers, creating sudden and violent bankruptcies.   [**Read more about this issue here.**]( 
Want to have your bitcoin purchases sent directly to a different address, maybe a paper or hardware wallet?  No problem.  Register the address to your profile and choose it as the receiving address when you buy.  
[Please help us beta test our service and refine the experience.  In return we will waive all fees on your purchases and sales forever.  Click here to sign up for Novauri with no transaction fees for the life of your account.](
@_date: 2014-06-08 05:14:59
I read that post.  Here is the give-away:


 My hunch?  Most of the people on reddit who were "ripped off" are hiding money from a spouse, or stealing bitcoin from someone else.
The person you linked probably wasn't ripped off at all.   That person robbed whoever trusted him with his coins and now is posting about it to make the event appear to be some sort of tragic security fluke that no one can explain.  I know plenty of people who use bitcoin and have never been ripped off.  Most of it is standard human greed and evil, stealing from people they know, not some insanely complicated hacking conspiracy.  Dipshits here fall for it and go into theorycraft land speculating and help give credence to the thief's story.
@_date: 2014-12-18 06:59:34
You should stay away from bitcoin.  You are *exactly* the type that buys high and sells low.  If you aren't buying bitcoin for a practical reason, or for intellectual curiousity and are speculating, my advice is for you to go talk to one of those garden variety investment advisors who can regurgitate Benjamin Graham at you until you own a bunch of index fund ETFs and some bond funds.
@_date: 2014-12-24 16:47:18
[Sign up for Novauri's Beta.](  
It starts in April 2015, US only.  We're waiving fees on buys and sales for life if you sign up.  We'll expand internationally from there.
1) We don't keep custody of your bitcoin (you control your private keys)
2) We don't have custody of your fiat (and we don't plan to turn into a bank)
3) We will be "gox-proof" - 0% of our deposits will be in hot and cold wallets, and our back office wallets used to send you your bitcoin are separated 100% from our website.
We still have to comply with regulation, and there are many rules we have to follow, but what we don't do is model ourselves as a bank.  We don't think that works with bitcoin very well.  Read more on  
@_date: 2014-12-18 09:03:03
I'm clear on the books and records section, but I've now given the documents a more thorough read and they never say "If you hold customer funds, you also have to hold this data" in reference to section 7.  No offense, but you made that part up.
Covered activities are broader than just if you "hold customer funds".  They specifically call out exchange, transmission, and storage.  That means even if you aren't holding customer funds, or maybe you also don't exchange fiat for virtual currency, you can still be covered under the rules.  
I wonder if these guys realize that you can "transmit" bitcoin with applications free for download all over the internet?  What's the plan here, expand the great firewall of China?
There is some seriously wacky stuff in there.  Getting closer, but still stuck somewhere in the 1980s.
@_date: 2014-03-14 03:44:48
You know, one of my new year's resolutions was that I would not make or wear any more tinfoil hats.  
I absolutely do not think the Atlas guys are out to do anything shady, and they should be proud of their site and exchange.  It's awesome, especially compared to the alternatives.
I'm just saying that if one wanted to have a channel to execute a strategy of market manipulation, if that became a priority, exchanges operating on the level of Atlas ATS would be the way to go.  And if I wanted to mess around and run through support lines by making big trades, and I was allowed to short naked on their virtual book, I would absolutely do that.  A dollar is a dollar.
I'm not saying that as a jab at the people who run the site, but because it's the only one that isn't patched together with bubble gum, duct tape, and possibly popsicle sticks.
@_date: 2014-05-16 16:17:12
They have assumed some costs and made a few integrations that are new.  Nothing they did was new or innovative, but they have put together an extremely feature rich product.
Here's my count of "new" things:
* Insurance (no idea why it took this long to insure deposits)
* Free (they are taking a loss to build a customer base, again, others should have done this)
* Instant debit/credit with payment networks (this is a big deal- getting cash in and out is a hassle with ACH in the USA)
What I do not like:
* 6 character minimum password - really?
* Exchange rate spread?
* Fixed BTC address for your account?
* ID Validation 
They are running Patriot act CIP checks on everyone like a bank, which leads to copies of your personal information being stored at vendors that provide ID validation services, and other vendors.  That violates your privacy, ties all of your information to your address, and puts you at risk of identity theft.  
They probably use a fixed BTC address, meaning anyone with your address can see your transactions, and if their central DB with your SSN/Name/DOB/Address/Email/Phone is stolen, everyones' banking history becomes instantly public information.  That's bad and the same type of horrible stuff we've enjoyed since regulators put that crap in the patriot act.
They are making money from exchange rate spread and monetizing your identity and transaction history, probably through advertising eventually, and also merchant services on 0 confirmation transactions.  The last one is minor.
@_date: 2014-06-19 22:55:48
After reading the polarized views of the core developers in this and other threads, and knowing what kinds of interests are at stake, it's hard to not be a bit more pessimistic.  If everyone would set their ridiculously overgrown egos aside for a few minutes and think about this objectively, there is a clock ticking and a complex system growing more complex every day.
The truth is, we're already to the point where only a few major changes to bitcoin are possible with consensus, and then possibly only after a meltdown.  It's now or it won't happen.
So, do this:
1) Make a list of priorities based on problems with bitcoin.  
2) For each problem, quickly think of the solutions, their complexity, risk, and requirements around consensus.  
2a) If you have to put numerical ratings, weights, and multiply it out to make geeks happy, then fine, do a NASA style "FMEA".  
3) Have your nerd fights quickly, and then focus on just one or two at the top. 
That should lead you guys to common sense I would hope, and you'll quickly see that there is less time than you thought, and your ability to change bitcoin is actually diminished from what you would expect.
If I was your boss and not working as a shill, and I'm not saying whether I am or not, I would give you these priorities ranked in order.  You should only focus on 
1) Split core wallet client from network code.
1) Add deterministic wallet to wallet client.
1) Solve block size issue - figure out a radix tree that doesn't have branch 51% attack vulnerabilities.
1) Create anonymity in network communications - route over tor ubiquitously.
1) Add routing addresses to core wallet client so personal information leaks don't expose your banking history to the entire world.
1) Solve mining problem.  getblocktemplate is awesome, but it creates an incentive to centralize hardware, which is a worse unintended consequence.  You can't change the SHA256 x2 or miners will lose millions on their ASICS.  The only way out is to funnel money into p2p pools.  Perhaps you could find a creative but simple way to change full nodes / core so p2pools are preferred or enforced.
1) Play nice with ethereum, and try to talk them out of direct competition.  I don't think they are a scam, which is more than I can say for every other derivative.
Focus only on  stop fighting and get to work. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 20:27:04
Also one of my dogs agrees with your username, and not in terms of using it as a cheap form of nitrogen for fertilizer either.  Please stop spreading that idea around.
@_date: 2014-05-29 17:16:56
I'm feeling a little creeped out right now...
@_date: 2014-05-22 20:19:33
Are you asking a question?  If so the answer is, yes that is how taxes work.
@_date: 2014-05-06 20:59:23
I assume this is a scam until proven otherwise. 
@_date: 2014-10-28 04:28:23
Typically the electronic money directive, or emoney is commonly used for stored value (prepaid) and the payment services directive applies to cross-border money transfer or payments.  Think your initialisms may be a little jumbled there.  
@_date: 2014-03-04 01:57:31
Deluded like a fox!
The entire internet is based on a basic protocol called TCP/IP.
Is it perfect?  No.
Did the network effect kick in and make changing it the equivalent of trying to pull a silk lace table cloth out from underneath a stack of 10,000 crystal wine glasses, full of red wine?
Bitcoin is here to stay.  Those crystal glasses are all of the start up companies and regulatory research that is going on globally trying to make all of this fit into the global financial system.
Get in while you can.  You are already really late to the party.
@_date: 2014-10-08 06:55:37
No, you really wouldn't want to use hd wallets for organizational financial controls.  A child private key and master public key can be used to derive the master private key. Multisig would be a better approach.
@_date: 2014-10-15 21:59:35
I just love hearing this type of thing.  More very soon...
@_date: 2014-05-22 16:36:26
If you buy $10,000 worth of anything with US dollars the government requires you to report it to them.  It's called a CTR or currency transaction report.  That regulation is separate from tax requirements and is independent of this discussion.  It's part of the bank secrecy act and a regulation enforced under FinCEN, not the IRS.
@_date: 2014-01-01 00:23:56
"Straight world"?
What's next, watching the NFL at sports bars while arm wrestling?
Kitco coverage is a good thing.  All of the die hard anti-establishment, Ron Paul, prepper types frequent those waters.
@_date: 2014-10-23 14:42:41
Novauri is coming in early 2015. 
[Sign up for the beta here.](
@_date: 2014-10-28 22:01:58
I'm on the IRC.  It's like you read my mind.
I wouldn't want any donations to be seen as a bribe or an attempt to influence things though, otherwise I just became a trusted 3rd party.  Damn.  This isn't easy.
@_date: 2014-11-14 18:04:43
No.  He is describing [CID](
@_date: 2014-11-16 17:04:25
A non-merged mining based sidechain with its own proof of work system would only have SPV level validation from bitcoin.  This makes the side chain vulnerable to 51% attacks.  Add that risk to the fact that without the hash power of the main blockchain, a 51% attack is comparatively simple to perform and you now have an easy way for attackers to steal all pegged coins if they can maintain control for the peg lock period.
That makes side chains less secure than a nascent altcoin with its own hashing system.  The true altcoin would be able to use more than an SPV proof, and could hard fork to work around a 51% attack if one happened.  With SPV proof side chains, once an attacker steals the frozen peg, the sidechain can't take such measures.  No one will fork bitcoin to save a sidechain, or alter the protocol to allow for a do-over SPV proof after the lock period has passed and the frozen coins are stolen.
So what I am saying is that non-merged mining side chains aren't viable, and blockstream is effectively a think tank working on an unfinished idea, not a threat to bitcoin.  
Even merge mined sidechains are a problem because they force the use of pools, and destroy the potential for bitcoin mining to return to a more decentralized model.
Sidechains don't work.  They are a theory.  No one is going to implement SPV proof sidechains as proposed.  If these fundamental problems were solved the issues you listed would be irrelevant and there would be new issues anyway.  I don't see the point in worrying about vaporware or beating them up about known issues. New issues?  Sure.  The research they are doing could be valuable if they solve some or all of the problems they face.
@_date: 2014-12-16 05:55:03
It doesn't matter if it's on or off by default, you are involved in a for-profit startup that's competing with one of the addresses you have listed in your negative list.  You might want to check with the VC's backing blockstream and a lawyer before trying this type of thing, because you are very likely neck deep in some serious legal @ if you go forward with this plan.
Nevermind ethics, moral compasses and such.
@_date: 2014-12-06 22:54:56
Revealing the public key exposes the user to a theoretical attack with quantum computers that don't exist.  The same is true of every address that has spent on the blockchain that still has bitcoin on it.  If that was a real security hole, the entire basis for all secure communication on the internet would be in jeopardy as well.  If quantum computers were getting close to being able to crack SHA256 or RIPEMD160 alone everyone would move to a quantum computer resistant method well before this anyway.  By the way, this would also jack up the consensus mechanism, so bitcoin itself would need other fixes too.  Your statement is basically FUD.
And having a child private key and the master public key I can recreate the master private key with HD wallets as well, and you know what?  Who cares, it's not a significant risk.  Possible?  Sure.  A significant threat to most users?  No.
@_date: 2014-05-24 13:15:03
Lesson: when you do not control the private keys, your money is subject to confiscation. 
Had you taken your bitcoin off stamp immediately, 
If you want to regularly trade large sums however, you are in trouble with an expired passport.
@_date: 2014-06-06 13:22:12
They will still impose the restrictions because they are a centralized entity.  You should be angry at your Government, that isn't a sanction imposed by Paypal.
You should be mad at Paypal for their fees.
@_date: 2014-02-05 14:23:46
You are talking about a return to a 1:1 gold standard, but using bitcoin as the backing.  That will never, ever happen.  Not with the US Dollar.  The present fractional reserve system is predicated on a certain amount of accumulating deficit by definition.  The US Dollar cannot be backed by bitcoin, as the USD must inflate at a certain rate in order to remain solvent.  This is because the banks making up the federal reserve make money when currency is issued, and this money they make is by definition a deficit and inflation.  The US Dollar and financial system around it cannot be backed by bitcoin, not if bitcoin is traded on a free market, not without changing the underpinnings of the federal reserve and how we issue currency.  
@_date: 2014-11-19 01:00:26
**Novauri froze my account and won't let me withdraw my bitcoin!**
... is something you will never, ever see on reddit.  Why?  It won't be possible.  Our service let's you buy and sell bitcoin without having any direct control over your private keys!
[Please sign up for our US closed beta, starting in March or April of 2015 and we will waive fees on your purchase and sale transactions, forever.](
Novauri is the bitcoin brokerage that doesn't require you to hand us control of your money.  We decentralize custody to increase security, eliminate the risk of catastrophic theft, and pass those savings on to you.
Help us make it happen in 2015 and sign up for our closed beta!
@_date: 2014-10-24 21:44:51
A service that lets you buy and sell bitcoin but doesn't demand you hand over control of your money.
[Oh wait...](
@_date: 2014-11-19 14:31:04
Nope, see my longer comment.  The software is dated, doesn't exist, is buggy, or isn't maintained.  Setting it up is not easy or documented.  Hardware costs are higher because you just run a full node.  You have to fix crashes and more sidechains increase complexity and downtime.
@_date: 2014-11-10 05:09:05
Thanks for the compliment.  It's going to be awesome, we're all really excited to be working on it.
@_date: 2014-05-13 04:38:16
The USPS is already a licensed money transmitter.
This is bigger than silly puns.  This could be huge.
Bitcoin =/ email.  Mail wasn't regulated anywhere close to as heavily as money transfer.  FedEx, UPS were free to compete.
If every USPS location becomes an exchange hub for converting fiat to bitcoin, or bitcoin to fiat, well it's just fricking huge.  
The big applications are international money transfer sends that could be funded at the counter by purchasing a chit based product, like a gift card.  It could also completely replace their Postal Money Order system and make the bank in the middle unnecessary.  They would save on net due to reduced accounting and banking overhead.
@_date: 2014-01-01 09:12:02
See, he means Usher the music group, which would also fit the sentence in a grammatically correct manner while being humorous.  See, humor is this thing that we humans call funny.
Please see my other educational specials "chewing bubblegum and walking safely" and "you and breathing".
 
@_date: 2014-10-08 06:59:43
Oh boy, don't get me started...  Nothing brings out my Tourette's syndrome like that subject.
@_date: 2014-11-03 14:48:17
I just think getting frustrated about it isn't useful.  It's kind of like getting frustrated because attractive blonde people have a much, much higher statistical likelihood of a cab stopping to pick them.
Are these trends based on subjective decisions?  Yes.  Are they going to change?  It is highly unlikely.  
Gold is pretty, shiny, and very rare.  It's just that simple.
@_date: 2014-11-19 02:18:55
We are subject to regulation as a money transmitter under FinCEN guidance nationally, and also need to comply with regulator's guidance on a state by state basis as well.   
That means we have to do a lot, including collecting profile information.  If a customer wants to buy and sell a lot of bitcoin, we may need to verify their ID.  We need to perform other checks, file reports to the Treasury, and meet a lot of rules and requirements.  [It's all outlined on our regulation page here.](
Novauri is not an anonymous service to buy and sell bitcoin, not even close.  The difference is that 100% of the time we never have access to our customers' private keys.  That's a design decision to lower our risk.  If we don't have access to any of our customers' bitcoin addresses, we can't fail catastrophically.  That's really it.  All the usual regs apply, we just don't take custody of your bitcoin, we help you create your own bitcoin wallet.  
@_date: 2014-04-01 13:11:46
Am I the only one who gets the feeling that despite being shady BTE-e is a well run site?
They are the longest running exchange without major security issues at this point.
@_date: 2014-11-23 13:13:05


That doesn't prove or mean it was *meant* to be problematic.  It means it *is* problematic.  There's a *big* difference.


Now you've gone into full-on fantasy land.  Computational power increases for the same investment at a rate doubling every 18 months.  Storage capacity is increasing at a rate doubling every 12 months (faster than Moore's law).  Broadband speed is only doubling every 24 months or so, which is arguably due to the fact that the US broadband system is captured by oligopolists, which puts a drag on the overall increase in speed.
Taking all of those things together, blocksize can increase at a rate of 50% a year aggressively and still make bitcoin full node clients accessible to home users.  40% a year will not only give a big compounding effect, allowing bitcoin to be used as at least a world currency by 2040, but will allow anyone to run a full node.


Correct, this is true if extrapolations hold, but it also disproves your data center theory.


The only problem with Bitcoin is how utterly insecure and vulnerable most hardware is?  You need to spend more time reading the developer mailing list.  This is simply not true.
I'm not sure why you and the poster are upvoted so much.  You are making a bunch of brash statements based on really flimsy and stretched logic.  
@_date: 2014-12-11 00:08:29
Can we stop using to smear companies?   They made an arguably poor design decision.  If you don't like it, use another wallet.  There's no need to post hyperbole and dogma about greed and freedom everytime you don't agree with a feature a company offers.  
That said, I noticed this when I had to pay a contractor, the contractor sent me a request under my work email when my account was under gmail, and it asked me to sign up again, which was totally obnoxious.  Do you know what I did?  I didn't use Coinbase.  Know what I did not do?  Come to this subreddit and post an unintentionally hilarious rant about blocking freedom.
Just be glad I'm not a moderator.  I'm not sure my respect for the idea of free speech is as well defined as some.  I would probably make everyone pass an aptitude test to post here.
@_date: 2014-08-18 13:43:58
Hi chris45215,
My comment was that there are thousands of HFT programmers who create programs on open markets, not the bitcoin market specifically.
I'm not sure how many people have developed programs for bitcoin trading and price arbitrage.  I suspect you are right.  Still, whether it's a three, twelve, or one-hundred bots running, I think we both agree that your average person who doesn't even know these things exist stands a better chance of getting fleeced than making a profit if they trade frequently, wouldn't you agree?
@_date: 2014-04-23 23:12:41


Well, I hate to tell you, but that's a bunch of bs.
The telephone was initially shunned and wasn't popular for many years.  Western Union turned down an opportunity to purchase the patent on the telephone, writing that it was unlikely to catch on.  
In the late 1800's it was only used by affluent families.  The telephone didn't become ubiquitous until after WW2, and only then because of economic reasons, not marketing.  It became cheap enough for people to afford.  The limiting factor was infrastructure and technology, not marketing.  The telephone was invented before electric light, but didn't see widespread adoption until much later than the lightbulb replaced oil lamps.
Television was the same way.  It was initially introduced in 1949, but was too expensive for most people to use and own.  As prices dropped, and word of mouth spread, more and more people bought televisions.
Just like with anything else, it was a supply/demand curve.  Technology improvements and investment in infrastructure reduce costs, and demand increases accordingly.
Television and the telephone gained traction because they were desirable and attainable.  It would be best to focus on ways to make bitcoin desirable and attainable, and save the marketing for after this is figured out.
There was no missed boat.  The boats are still being designed and built.  Some will sink and some will sail.  They aren't going to sail on clever marketing.  They are going to sail if they offer something to the user that is desirable and attainable.  Something that allows the user a new ability, or something old that can be done faster, better, and/or cheaper.
It's that simple.  Really.
@_date: 2014-01-25 15:37:41
Yes, and it has been their major source of funding for years now.  They have been "keeping it up".
The day "twitter" goes under is the day I do a happy dance.  
If we were all in a giant delorian with a flux capacitor, tweeter would be the lead brick on the accelerator taking our mental capacities back in time before the age or reason.
The same goes for text messaging.  Go read a book.
@_date: 2014-12-25 19:18:33
Oh, the tickets are already selling out.  You won't have to worry about it for much longer.
@_date: 2014-08-12 12:40:02
It's good to read people rediscovering that tidbit.  It means new people are still actively reviewing the code.
It works ok without checkip.dyndns.org, but yes, there are some funky things in there.  If you want anonymity you should be using tails or tor on ubuntu over VPN.
@_date: 2014-12-17 23:49:10


I'm not getting this from the documents at all.  
Those are the bookkeeping requirements in section 7, but the list of "covered activities" also includes transmission of money, or the act of exchanging virtual currency for fiat in addition to holding funds as a custodian.
Can you reference where you saw that these rules only apply to holding customer funds?  I'm genuinely curious and may have missed it.
@_date: 2014-12-20 09:06:00
Yes, but where are the paychecks?
@_date: 2014-11-19 21:39:41


Do you use a massive electric heater in a factory to heat the study in your house during the winter?  


If you don't know what merged mining is you have some reading to do.


No, not really.  It would give me a migrane. You can google it and study the concept.  


I'm sure you are a smart dude and all, but you need to go learn how this stuff works before telling people about the truth.
@_date: 2014-10-27 17:41:01
I have them lumped in with 2.  Bitgo is like greenaddress.  There are many types of 2.  Multisig vs. no multisig.  HD vs. no HD.  Mobile app or desktop.  Web service vs. local executable.  And lest we forget, hardware wallet and paper wallet (piper or manual).  Also, brainwallets.  Not simple.  I figured 2 was less intimidating.  All of them work with Novauri, by the way.
@_date: 2014-03-26 00:36:58
See, now that is journalism.
Thank you, Hal Finney.
@_date: 2014-03-15 18:18:21
This is a publicity stunt where both counterparties are in on it or a scam.  Careful.
@_date: 2014-10-30 06:55:51
Thank you.
@_date: 2014-04-09 16:39:32
The symbol for bitcoin needs to be added as a new unicode character.  It should not change.
Still, the Thai baht argument is silly.  $ is the symbol for the US Dollar.
$ is also the symbol for the:
* Mexican Peso
* Argentine peso
* Chilean peso
* Colombian peso
* Cuban peso
* Dominican peso
* Uruguayan peso
* Nicaraguan dollar
* Samoan dollar
* Tongan dollar
* Zimbabwean dollar
Still, the Thai baht symbol is not the bitcoin symbol.  
Trying to change the symbol is arrogant and disrespectful of bitcoin's origins.  We need a new unicode character.
@_date: 2014-12-21 16:39:02
This is almost as obnoxious as "gentleman" posts.  
@_date: 2014-11-19 04:39:06
I see that.  Batsignal: !
@_date: 2014-11-10 21:22:34
This is another great example of why you should support on blockchain services like the one we're building at Novauri.
I'm so glad to see more people waking up to this problem with services and bitcoin.  It's NOT a problem with bitcoin.  It's not a problem with regulation or law enforcement either.  
99% of the time it's a problem with service operator incompetence (opening accounts without KYC, then changing the rules and trapping funds) or criminal theft (as is likely the case with certain now bankrupt exchanges).  
@_date: 2014-12-20 04:13:15
Bitcoin has survived on the sole basis of it's math and consensus system for five years.  It was also much more vulnerable in the earlier years than it is today.  Right now, bitcoin cannot be shut down or stopped, barring an organized, government sponsored attack.  That's not likely at all.  Governments are waiting and seeing.
The Euro was released as an accounting currency in January 1999, so it's survived for about 15 years, three times as long as bitcoin.
US federal reserve notes were authorized in 1913, but had it's gold backing decoupled in 1933, and completely removed in 1971.  In its current form, Federal Reserve Notes have survived for 43 years or so, or a little more than 8 times longer than bitcoin.
The average lifespan of fiat currency is 27 years, with the shortest being one month.  Just for contrast, the Great British Pound is the longest surviving fiat currency, was created in 1694, and has survived for 317 years.  That said, the GBP was originally valued at 12 ounces of silver bullion, so it's presently worth around 0.5% of its original value.
Bitcoin has survived for a little under 20% of the lifespan that a fiat currency survives on average before it becomes worthless.  There's no indication of it going to zero, as there is still very strong demand.  25 bitcoin are minted every 10 minutes, 150 an hour, or 3600 a day.  It takes over $1m/day in demand just to keep the price even, that inflation rate halves every 4 years.  
Bitcoin is trending to be more resilient than average fiat currencies very soon.  Established fiat currencies are not anywhere close to as stable as you seem to believe.  The incidence of a fiat currency becoming worthless is on average 27 years, not every 500 million years or whatever it is for asteroid impacts.
So when you use phrases like "extremely low" or "safer bet" or "traditional" or "very risky", you are using qualitative terms.  This is not a smart way to make investment decisions.  
@_date: 2014-12-19 06:53:43
Got it.  Good summary otherwise.
What I'm trying to figure out is how to introduce innovation in regulation without it becoming cronyism.  The rules need to be non-prescriptive.  There should be economic consequences for bad things, a system to detect bad things - but that system must be mutable, not static and fixed like most law is written.  They need to absolutely stop telling people how to make bad things not happen.  This is the root of why regulation keeps causing horrible unintended consequences and stagnates innovation.  
Financial services companies and banks are following rules that were written long before computers were in use.  Changing the rules is a monumental pain in the ass in almost every major country.  This is because bureaucracies grow up around them which of course have a vested interest in seeing the rules stay in place.  The rules are their job security and power.  Is it really any wonder that the rate of innovation and improvement in financial technology has been stagnant for decades?
I think it might be time to do a full re-write of their proposed framework and rules.
@_date: 2014-11-15 08:43:42
For a second I thought I was lost and in the dogecoin sub.  Thanks for being kind, SHA256 person.
@_date: 2014-05-23 21:35:46
I will offer to help you out for the foreseeable future.  I sent you a message directly with more information.
@_date: 2014-12-06 20:50:56
They fixed the keystretching issue default from 10 to 5000.  That's more than many other wallets still listed.  Also the posts about them accepting passwords like "0000000000" is BS.  They are now using a better library for dynamic password complexity with dictionaries, and it doesn't take weak passwords. They also no longer email the encrypted wallets by default.
Why are you posting this when it's not true?  Have you tried bc.i recently?  Go try it and then please edit your post, it's false.
@_date: 2014-05-14 13:13:55
No.  Bitcoin needs ADP, and for the virtual currency tax reform act to kick in and reverse the property ruling so they can pay in bitcoin without creating a tax paperwork cost and hassle for all involved.
@_date: 2014-03-12 02:51:23
I hope the prosecutor asks Karpeles why he was charging additional fees to process withdrawals faster than other customers and taking deposits long after he knew he was going bankrupt.  That guy stole funds, there is no doubt.  He needs to prove otherwise.
@_date: 2014-11-27 09:27:33
Did you use Tor as your browser when visiting blockchain.info?
My bet is that you didn't have 2FA or a secondary password, accessed blockchain.info using Tor, and a fraudster running a Tor exit node stole your blockchain.info ID and password.
Sorry about your loss.
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:18:29
Well, you know what they say... one man's spam is another man's bread and butter.  The question is shouldn't that be up to the individual to decide?
I'm out.  I'm way to tired for anything involving this much thought.  Good luck, this will definitely keep you occupied for a few days!
@_date: 2014-10-24 04:06:03
Not exactly.  We aren't a bitcoin exchange.
We will buy bulk and use arbitrage least cost routing to offset trades so we never go on margin and then offer a rate matching or slightly cheaper than competitors.
Profit is derived from exchange rate differences, just like our competitors, but our prices will be better because our design isn't built like a bank and we don't engage in pooling bitcoin.  That design is flawed, dangerous for consumers and expensive to insure.  
Is competitor  cold wallet balance insured, 97% of deposits?  No???
What are the terms of competitor  insurance policy that you can't read and what are the limitations on liability if they go full Gox?
You don't have to ask those questions with Novauri.  We aren't a bitcoin bank.  You control your wallet.
So yeah, not a flash in the pan.  More like superior.
Edit: also regarding transparency.  Just go read our website.  We "get it"...
@_date: 2015-05-04 21:03:18
If you would like to read the text without visiting our site, here is the copy/paste below.  -Will
**USD 2.0  wouldnt that be great?**
The world desperately needs technologies like Fedcoin.  Money has fallen far behind advances in technology.  We endure levels of monetary friction that predate the information age.  Half of the worlds adult population, 2.5 billion people are unbanked, yet desperately need access to modern financial services.  These billions remain unbanked because its too expensive to give them accounts, and despite the best efforts of extremely well funded organizations and the smartest individuals in the world, nothing seems to change.   This situation is entirely caused by an arranged marriage between our monetary systems and outdated sets of rules that trace their origins to the days when we knew the earth was flat.  Most of the rules we follow in 2015 were created before people used computers, yet we seem surprised that an international money transfer costs the poorest people 8-10%.  You can email someone halfway around the world in seconds for free, but a wire will cost you $50 and take 3-5 days.  We are living in the dark ages of money.
**Rules?  Its all about following the rules.**
The rules different Governments apply to monetary systems are so demanding that only well funded financial institutions can afford to follow them.  End users of the currency must open accounts with these institutions in order to participate, and there is no universal standard for transmitting money between these financial institutions globally.  Standards in the same Country vary widely.  This complicated global regulatory framework is why we suffer from unacceptably high fees when sending money overseas or between banks.   A Fedcoin technology could, if properly designed, eliminate this friction entirely and allow anyone interested to essentially download a bank.  That said, its difficult to not be a skeptic.  There are three major issues standing in the way of mass adoption of a Fedcoin like technology.
**Issue 1: Fedcoin Regulatory Incompatibility**
The first major issue with Fedcoin has to do with regulatory incompatibility.  The Bank Secrecy Act and similar regulation require anyone moving money to comply with strict sets of record keeping and monitoring requirements.  These requirements exist to ensure that money is not transmitted to individuals or entities that are on sanctions or other lists or for reasons considered illegal or otherwise prohibited.  These rules and the institutions that enforce them will never allow the download of an application that lets users send and receive US dollars anonymously.  There will be a requirement for users of the software to be identified first, creating a network of ID verified individuals who are allowed to transmit funds.  This alone introduces cost and friction, as some entity, likely a company or companies, must positively identify users of the software.  There will need to be processes to revoke licenses for users that are added to lists of unapproved users.  Identity thieves will create false users, and the same arms race that exists today between banks and organized criminal identity thieves will continue as it does in todays system.  So while we may see a consistent system for money transmission, we will still see the same hurdles around identity management that exist today.  These requirements around ID will also make it economically nonviable to let the poorest people use the Fedcoin software.  Half of the worlds adult population, 2.5b people are unbanked today, and without a consistent standard for individual ID, Fedcoin with ID requirements wont be able to help these people.  Today banks and other financial institutions exist because they are able to comply with these rules cost effectively.  Fedcoin as proposed fails to automate all of the complicated and often inconsistent rules that apply to financial institutions, which means that these same institutions would still need to exist to ensure compliance, regardless of whether Fedcoin software is used to transmit money or not.
**Issue 2: Fedcoin Centralization and Human Nature**
The second major issue with Fedcoin relates to monetary policy and the nature of the technology.  While decentralized cryptocurrencies issue new currency units based on predictable math based rules and prevent counterfeiting though economic incentives offered to miners, Fedcoin would be directly connected to US monetary policy and those controlling it.  While many see this as a positive, as the US dollar presently experiences lower volatility than bitcoin and similar cryptocurrencies, it fundamentally changes one of the key beneficial properties of decentralized cryptocurrency, a predictable and transparent monetary policy that is not subject to human error.  The average lifespan for fiat currency is 27 years.  The Great British Pound is the longest lived currency today, surviving well over 300 years, yet when it was conceived, the GBP was fixed in value to one pound of sterling silver, and has lost well over 99% of its value in those 300+ years through inflationary monetary policy.  The US dollar enjoys status as the worlds reserve currency today and is typically the unit of account for trading oil, but this status is closely tied to geopolitical power.  This is not to say that the US dollar will not continue to enjoy its status as the most widely used currency in the world, but history indicates that the lifespan of even the greatest currencies comes to an end.  In 2008 we came right to the edge of a serious global currency crisis that was narrowly averted.  This pattern of financial crisis is predictable and happens roughly every 10 years or so.  When studied, there is a common theme behind them.  Human decision making typically caused by greed created financial imbalances that built upon themselves resulting in a crash.  Compare this history with bitcoin or other cryptocurrency with math based monetary policy where inflation is predictable and limited.  These rules are not based on human decision making and value is tied to its effectiveness as a medium of exchange, not the backing of a sovereign government of elected or appointed individuals.  This makes bitcoin much like digital gold, another form of currency accepted across borders and cultures universally for thousands of years.  Bitcoin has survived for over 6 years and has yet to be hacked or compromised.  It looks increasingly likely that issues around scale will be overcome as computer storage costs drop.  This makes bitcoin an ideal neutral ground for money transfer across powers that may or may not see eye to eye.  This is the other side of the coin in terms of the volatility argument against bitcoin, it has superior properties as money and a built in neutrality that insulates itself from politics.  The coin has been flipped and time will tell if its heads or tails.
**Issue 3: Conflict of Interest**
The third major issue with Fedcoin is that it conflicts with the best interests of banks.  Banks that do not directly profit from the creation of money stand to lose with Fedcoin, as lending activities could easily become obsolete and automated by the software.  Beyond credit, Fedcoin would make money transmission effectively free, which would remove most if not all income from remittance and payments services.  These are other profit centers for banks and financial services companies.  The lobbying against this type of technology will be fierce and unprecedented, the stakes could not be higher, and these institutions are very good at getting their way.  I believe that Fedcoins only chance is that if that all incumbents are sufficiently threatened by an even more disruptive technology, such as bitcoin.  I dont think bitcoin represents an existential threat to these institutions at this time, and as long as taxes must be paid in local currency, its unlikely it ever will.
These are very early days, but its clear that bitcoin and Fedcoin are fundamentally different technologies with very different properties and value to end users.  Bitcoin is a decentralized form of electronic cash that exists without a central authority and is widely used today.  Fedcoin is a derivative idea that represents a standardization of the technology behind transmitting US dollars.  Fedcoin carries the pros and cons of the underlying currency and is more of a transmission standard than a new form of cash.  Fedcoin would be a wonderful improvement over todays payment systems, but its highly unlikely well ever see it in general use.  Banks in the US cant even agree to modernize the ACH system.  This system is still used as the primary method to move money inside the US, was conceived in 1974, and runs on a batch system that is manila folder friendly.   The backbone of the US financial system is about as fast as the Pony Express because we cant agree to a defacto real-time settlement system, yet we are going to implement an even more advanced Fedcoin technology and hold hands while singing campfire songs and roasting marshmallows?  Forget it, there are just too many complications and unaligned forces that have a say in the matter for this idea to work.  It will take an existential threat in order to align these forces and create real change.  That threat is not bitcoin.  That threat is destabilization of the system itself.  The root cause of this threat wont be a new technology, it will be good old fashioned greed.
@_date: 2015-05-05 02:34:58
Well hello again, 110101002.  I thought we were friends again after [our little sidechains discussion.](  I guess not.    
Well, it's late on the west coast.  Time for all of the shill trolls to come out and get some.  
[I guess when I systematically leveled your FUD about my company earlier you decided to hold a grudge?](  That's fine, I can fight with you again if that's what you want.  You know I can defend our service, and you are widely known as a huge troll.
@_date: 2014-11-10 05:04:22
It's still late March / early April. We're actually a tiny bit ahead of schedule, but I can't see it being much sooner than this, we have to be careful.  
Also, regulation.  If you live in a state that takes longer to give bitcoin an "all clear" or a state that issues regulation that is difficult to comply with, that could delay access.
@_date: 2014-10-29 21:31:39
Yes.  Also, the Hatfield's really need the McCoys to inspect their ammunition and long rifles for them ;).
@_date: 2014-03-12 05:22:13
Plenty.  That 35 myth was bullshit when Bob Dylan wrote about it as well.  It's based on personality type.  Structured personalities never liked change, it's just when they were young they were not making decisions for themselves and had no choice.  When they got older they decided that enough is enough.  Many of the young people who seem so open minded are scared and trying to fit in.  They don't like change.
@_date: 2014-12-06 21:33:23
It's not the only variable involved.  Your statement about below 40 being routinely cracked by amateurs also assumes a weak password.  They don't email the wallet anymore, and they are using an improved password complexity library.  Also, there are other wallets on bitcoin.org that are not using 3m like do on your KeePassX password service.  I wish keepass would use the yubikey as a second factor instead of as an OTP...
@_date: 2014-12-04 05:39:43
Just drop the file in one of those newfangled decentralized encrypted storage networks and link the file in an OP_RETURN field tied to Lawsky's changetip account.  Problem solved.
If that guy ever collects his changetips, he's going to be living on an island somewhere in the Caribbean.  That he owns.
@_date: 2014-11-11 23:51:52
You know what they say, patronus emptor.
At least no one is calling me a jerk for once!
@_date: 2014-12-19 08:49:14
The problem with apocalyptic situations is no one ever sees them coming.  The foreseeable future is often a few seconds, ask the dinosaurs who were wiped out by a meteor, or the European pension fund managers who loaded up on "aaa" collateralized debt obligations.
Traditional investments are smart until they aren't, then everyone knew they weren't smart and were saying so all along.  
Don't lie to yourself, that's a good first step towards being a better investor.  A good second step is to account for currency risk in all investments.  Salary denominated in dollars?  House price inversely correlated to artificially low mortgage rates due to government loan subsidies?  Those are risks to diversify as well.
Bitcoin is an uncorrelated asset that is unlikely to die and has incredible utility and a growing superstructure of orbiting industries around it.  That's a pretty damn good hedge and investment if you ask me.
@_date: 2014-10-22 04:49:41
I haven't read that page specifically.  From a glance this looks like a BIP70 fork with more 509 certs that allows for instant confirmations as long as the payee (merchant or receiver) and wallet service (payer) trust each other?  
So it's a on-us bitcoin payment network system for enabling instant retail transactions, among other things.  Pretty cool.  I can think of a few uses for that besides ecommerce and retail too, like for selling instantly from 3rd party addresses (true bring your own wallet bitcoin sales for fiat).  I like it...
@_date: 2014-11-15 04:36:12
The thing is, for bitcoin's price to break even, there has to be a net sale because of blockchain rewards.  With 25 bitcoin generated on average every 10 minutes (slightly less as difficulty is readjusted every 2016 blocks / or what should be 2 weeks), every single day miners are going to be selling 3,600 BTC.  A lot of that is picked up by brokerage services who sell it back to their customers.  Even at $400/bitcoin (a bargain in my book), there's $1.4m US in bitcoin that needs to be bought just to break even on supply / demand from blockchain reward inflation.  That will diminish here soon and again every 4 years, until it peters out entirely in 2140 (ish).
That alone is enough to keep the pressure on such that a business like mine will be a net seller of bitcoin overall.  Key word being overall.  If things go one way or the other violently, that's an entirely different ball of wax.
@_date: 2015-05-18 03:39:22
It isn't worth the extra word.
@_date: 2014-10-25 05:52:41
What is with this "in the wild" fad?  Stop it and spend more time outside.  You look pasty.
@_date: 2014-12-07 22:12:31
They require a minimum 10 character password with upper and lower case letters as well as symbols.
I disagree, he is not right.  He's really not right when you compare the requirements of other web wallets, almost none of them require this level of complexity as a minimum.  
I'm sitting here with my popcorn waiting for this little smear campaign to backfire.  It will, and when it does it's going to be explosive :).
@_date: 2014-11-16 06:03:28
I would refute this; however, I just don't have the energy.
@_date: 2014-10-27 04:20:52
Let me start by saying that I have tremendous respect for both Peter Todd and Amir Taaki.  Stealth addresses and the implementation of dark wallet may have unfortunate names, but I am pretty darn sure that stealth addresses are going to be used as a way to separate and provide transaction privacy for users some day and hopefully without changing the implementation in the process.  Bitcoin desperately needs a level of privacy between the receiving address and every other transaction a user has performed.  That's what they have invented and implemented, essentially.
All that said, Peter and Amir don't know what they are talking about.  They don't understand interchange, what an issuing and acquiring bank represent, what card processors are, or what the payment networks in the middle do.  They sure as heck don't know how settlement works for card transactions either, which is a parallel and incredibly expensive process with KYB performed by the networks and banks.
Those systems take 3% out of the system whenever they are used to buy a good or service.  This is a massive amount of money.  A bit of that goes to cover chargebacks, but as we've seen, this can be automated with 2/3 multisig using an arbiter, timelock transactions, and other ways we can program money.
Bitcoin is cheaper than card networks.  Those guys probably feel pressured to be "smart" about anything, but if you look at their work experience, I would bet that they couldn't define the term "acquiring bank" or know something as basic as how CVV codes are generated, or the layout of a credit card number...
Sorry, they are wrong.  Bitcoin is way more efficient than current payment systems.  
On the surface the sole exception might be federated bank transfer systems like ACH or BACS/Fasterpayments, but these systems are heavily subsidized by banks who are profiting from fractional reserve lending, so it's not a true apples to apples comparison.  
Sorry guys, you are wrong.  
@_date: 2014-11-01 07:51:17
That is really cool.  You are a better pumpkin carver than I am.
Tip: Try metal wire.  It's awesome for suspending pumpkin B's and it's difficult to see.
Nice job dude.
@_date: 2014-06-07 16:51:12
Very creative.  Plus I am scared of being eaten by sharks, and it's an irrational fear as the statistics don't support it and I now live in a land locked state, so there is that.  Up vote for you.
@_date: 2015-05-05 12:26:47


If you put words in my mouth and then ask a question based on your version of what I said, that's not a question.  
Ask a question right now and I will do my best to answer it.


You haven't enumerated any security flaws in that thread, just like you can't here.  Every security system has potential vulnerabilities.  Ours is technically no different than other solutions that people trust today, except we don't control our users' private keys.  That's an improvement over existing models, not a flaw.


Oh, so you admit "one component" of our security model is working.  Interesting...


If you can make a coherent argument for how our system is flawed, or if you want to participate in a closed bug bounty we're planning soon, you are more than welcome to find the flaws and earn money in doing so.  
The truth is, you are making broad, completely unsubstantiated statements about a service you didn't build.  You haven't seen the codebase because we haven't released it yet.  The technical descriptions I've shared are pretty thorough, but describe a combination of methods that are used by other companies today, just in a unique combination.  
So yeah, you'll forgive me if I'm a bit skeptical about your little crusade for the truth "spending your time minimizing loss through informing people of the problems with your service".
How about signing up for the beta and partipcating in closed testing to make it safer for users instead of publicly smearing everyones' hard work on my team when you haven't even seen it personally? 
@_date: 2014-10-27 12:24:37
No.  They would collapse under their own weight and have to be sold off for scraps before that would happen.  List one example of a Fortune 500 company that reinvented itself and outcompeted a new technology that beat it's core offering.  I can name dozens that died. 
@_date: 2014-11-01 07:23:24


@_date: 2014-10-26 13:52:57
I commend you on your knowledge of geography, but most people interested in a US bitcoin service aren't going to know our awesome hot air balloons came from Turkey, unless they tineye the image I suppose.
We went with balloons for a reason.  It will make more sense if we do more marketing.  I'm not sure if we'll need to at this rate.  People seem to want this.
@_date: 2014-05-21 16:59:45
Schiff changed his mind on bitcoin?  That's fantastic news.  
Schiff was one of the guys up there with James Dines and Richard Russell who really got me into PM's when most people were gambling on .dot coms.  It made me sick to my stomach to see him so off the mark on bitcoin.  I'm glad to see he came around!
@_date: 2015-05-19 04:28:44
No, this makes absolutely no sense, and I don't believe this is what 21 inc is working on at all, unless they are making toasters, hair dryers, and space heaters.
It's a hardware wallet play, but hardware wallets that are integrated into common computing and phone devices.  And they are trying to make you look over there while they work over here.  
That makes sense.
@_date: 2015-05-16 14:47:29
Persistent?  No.
@_date: 2014-12-21 16:43:48
Do you have any vested interest in the companies behind greenaddress.it and coinkite, including advisor or consulting arrangements, or direct or indirect ownership?
Also, do you have any vested (business) interest in seeing Coinbase fail, where ideological differences or objections don't count as a vested business interest, of course.
@_date: 2014-05-14 13:09:06
Talk about banker's hours!  Are they hiring?
@_date: 2014-02-27 04:47:49
Notice the username...
@_date: 2014-12-07 00:27:32


Web wallets exist because there is market demand for these services.  You speak as if you would regulate what people can and can't use.  I prefer to let people choose for themselves.


That article about how javascript cryptography is a bad idea is flawed.  Javascript can be signed to prevent MITM attacks.  Even though wallets aren't doing this enough today, I don't recall any incidents of hacks involving intercepted javascript and forged downloads from web wallets, do you have examples of this actually effecting people who have lost bitcoin, or is this theory?


Your reading comprehension is curiously weak, especially from someone who presents themselves as a purported expert on these matters.  Did you even read what I wrote?  I brought them up because the person I was responding to was speaking of wallets and profitability.
Both coinbase and bitstamp have the ability for users to keep bitcoin there, so they are also wallets and very profitable.  Coinbase also allows downloading keys now with their multisig feature.  This is why I brought them up.  I'm not sure why you are speaking down to me about how the exchange and most other portions of these services are walled gardens.  Whether the code behind their wallets is public on github or not has nothing to do with their profitability.  Their approach to services has nothing to do with why I brought them up.
@_date: 2014-05-27 21:25:11
Do you know a good way to eliminate fear, uncertainty and doubt?
An independent financial audit.
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:12:34
I'm sure they were nerds behind a computer, but they were also employees of international organized crime rings.
@_date: 2014-11-19 17:36:42
I couldn't agree more.  Scarce/unique digital information is going to make things possible that weren't thought of before.  I would say commodities exchanges are not even scratching the surface.  Regarding the implementation of how we get there, well, I'm not sure that the sidechain vs. alt coin vs. tree chain vs. parasitic service thing is fully sorted.
@_date: 2015-05-26 11:23:17
What's much more likely is that the hardware wallet will come with your phone, computer, wearable, implant or whatever, and the web wallet will be able  to use it through the OS of the device securely.
@_date: 2014-11-14 03:05:21




I'm embarrassed for them.  They are making complete fools of themselves.  Is some "expert" giving people bad information out about how bitcoin works?
This type of mainstream misinformation indicates that we are still in the very, very early stages of adoption.  Bitcoin may very well be heading to the moon after all.
@_date: 2014-05-13 04:32:19
Dude, that's the technology that makes bitcoin work.  Hashcash.  Google it.
@_date: 2014-03-24 21:16:21
Oh god please make it stop.  Please.
Hey Mr. Dingleberry, Mt. Gox was an exchange.  They allowed you to trade bitcoin for other currencies.  That's it.
There was a time that Gox was the only place offering those services, but that ended more than a year ago when btc-e and bitstamp came on the scene.  Now we also have Atlas ATS as well as other emerging, reputable exchanges.
Still, that doesn't make Mt. Gox the "fed" of bitcoin.  It makes them a currency exchange with a temporary monopoly.
The fed of bitcoin is an automation.  It's a combination of an exponentially decaying incentive and hashcash set to reward miners every 10 minutes, approximately.  Also, the intrinsic value of bitcoin isn't a percent of something else arbitrary at all.  The intrinsic value is the investment of computing power in the network mining infrastructure and the developers working on building out new things from the core protocol.
When will people who don't get it shut the hell up and hand the mic over to people who do?
@_date: 2014-04-25 14:30:37
That video is gold, but the OP is right.
There is a reason that politicians use euphemisms and positive language to refer to topics that have the potential to be viewed from different perspectives.  The most questionable topics even have ideologies around them to protect them from scrutiny.
The military of a country would never call killing someone in a battle field "state sanctioned murder".  They would call it "neutralizing the threat".  They would never call the soldier a "murderer".  He or she would be a "war hero".
Words are a powerful way to preempt peoples' perceptions before they think about them critically.  So, why make it easier for your opponents to marginalize your technology by naming it in a controversial way?  
You really should take "dark" out and think about it from a political perspective if your intent is to make the biggest difference possible.
"Free market" is a much better name and might actually get a soccer mom or two to check it out when they think no one is looking.
Are you pro-child pornography?  No?  Good, then you will support the internet surveillan... er, I mean the internet child protection act.
Everyone loves children.  Smelly, money sucking little bastards.
@_date: 2014-12-06 19:52:03
No, I have no ulterior motive whatsoever.  In fact, I'm acting against my own best interests speaking out, as it would greatly benefit me to have Novauri.com listed as an alternative to Circle and Coinbase at some point next year.
I did read it, and it was subjective, unscientific, and far from what I would call conclusive.  Many of the issues brought up (e.g. key stretching) were already addressed, or were also present in other wallets that have NOT been delisted from bitcoin.org.  
It's fine if bitcoin.org is going to be run for profit, but that should be disclosed so people don't assume that it is an unbiased source of information as it presents itself to be.  
@_date: 2014-10-31 00:19:20
Yes, we have a strategy and are familiar with emerging regulation and its various costs.
@_date: 2014-11-08 09:30:18
Yeah, I'm going to go ahead and guess that you don't get it.
Hint:maybe people donating to tor enjoy the idea of using tor to remain anonymous?  Why would someone who uses tor regularly donate money to tor using a different browser that isn't anonymous so they can donate through bitpay, an extraneous 3rd party that is legally required to log transactions?
Is this really hard to understand that this is completely stupid for a userbase that's made up of tinfoil hat wearing cryptoanarchists and libertarians?  
TOR: TAKE DIRECT DONATIONS.  Or don't and lose money.  Your call.
@_date: 2014-05-12 05:14:57
I think you are crossing your headlines.  That's namecoin, you are linking maidsafe, which is pretty much freenet but with blockchain flava.
@_date: 2014-04-04 04:51:09
[Here is what George Carlin had to say about "rights".] (
I tend to agree with him.
@_date: 2014-06-27 08:07:24
Hey guys, it was totally this transaction malleability thing.  
Yeah, we didn't notice 850,000 bitcoins worth of refunds to customers that we thought were legit, but darned if we didn't look them up with a query that only noticed when transactions were signed one way, not the other.
What, you say?  It would be impossibly difficult for this amount of fraud to be committed by telephone with refunds on transactions actually confirmed without us noticing?  Well, no really for reals, that's what happened.  All gone.  Little tiny refund transactions for funds actually confirmed.  Yep.  It was like this guy said to me on the street once in Paris, "that shit adds up, yo."
Oh, what do you mean someone on reddit proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that I personally can access 200,000 of the coins I already claimed were stolen via transaction malleabili...
Good news everyone!  I found 200,000 coins!  That's better than a total loss right?  I'm a hero.
Yeah, he's not sitting on 650,000 bitcoins.  No.  Definitely not.
@_date: 2014-11-16 22:07:49
It's always been reliable for me.  
They have lots of functionality, a great API, and the people running it get bitcoin and don't say things that make me wonder, which is more than I can say for other popular bitcoin service companies.
@_date: 2015-05-26 11:24:37
It's funny because it's true.
@_date: 2014-05-22 16:31:43
It's not 200 dollars in value, it's 200 dollars in capital gains.
For example, if you acquired all of your bitcoin for free back in 2009 or 2010, and then went shopping, any individual purchase under 200 would never be a taxable event.  You can actually use bitcoin for small purchases with no paperwork or dark clouds.
Let's say you bought your bitcoin at 500 and it's trading at 1000.  You can purchase up to 399.99 USD in stuff for each transaction and not have a taxable event, because the 500 &gt; 1000 appreciation was a 100% appreciation, meaning buying $399.99 of stuff with BTC means only 199.995 in capital gains.
When bitcoin is all grown up and not so volatile, we won't have these crazy price fluctuations.  This will mean you can use it for very large purchases without incurring 200 USD in capital gains.  Like buying cars.
Right now, if you buy a stick of bubblegum from your kid for 2 satoshis, you must report that as a property sale on your taxes.  Property has no minimum trade amount like foreign currencies.
@_date: 2014-11-01 17:32:30
I chuckled :).
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:07:21
Even if that's somehow defensible in court (unlikely, it's a 100x more egregious version of when MSFT made it impossible for other internet browsers to work on their OS), it's still an abuse of power.
The blockstream startup needs the trust of bitcoin to convince anyone to support sidechains.  Do you think that having widely spread publicity around one of the co-authors of the side chain whitepaper (if I remember this correctly, correct me if I'm wrong) getting wrapped up in banning their competition is going to help their reputation with the community and their willingness to accept changes to allow sidechains?
Your call...
@_date: 2015-05-19 04:21:37
I'm sorry but I don't buy it.  I love the idea of heat recovery system schemes, like space heaters or toasters that use the heat from mining for a primary purpose, but mining chips on battery powered consumer electronics?
I call BS.  It's a hardware wallet play on mobile phones, not bitcoin mining chips.  They could be working on the ASIC toaster too, but if I was going to invest $100m+, it would be hardware wallets on mainboards accessible by major operating systems running on the device.  That's the play.  
@_date: 2014-12-04 06:04:53
Upvote this guy, he's right and clearly works in the industry.  The rest of the people here are pretty much, well, idiots with strong opinions.
@_date: 2014-07-17 14:28:46
Keynesian economists believe in oppression through obscurity.  They feel that average people aren't smart enough to make their own decisions and use this to justify more government control, yet they architected a deliberately opaque and complicated system of rules that falsely creates the justification needed for their belief when people can't figure things out.  They use regulation and the legal system to prevent competition that would naturally simplify their labyrinth of rules.
I figured that this was the place to make stereotyping comments, am I in the right place?
@_date: 2014-05-03 05:12:12
Why is that excessive?  Do you think a store clerk and buyer will prefer 0.00356 btc or 35,600 bits?
Hint: 35,600 bits.
@_date: 2014-11-21 20:02:16
Why wouldn't merge mined SC's have the potential to have utility, assuming all of the problems are solved that is?
@_date: 2014-11-02 17:05:33
1) the fact that they could do bad things alone is enough to damage confidence.  It's also antithetical to the most central concepts of bitcoin, the idea of no trusted third parties.
2) Thank you.
3) It's this or hipsters and fluff speeches I'm afraid.  More below.
I thought the same way you did until I started watching enrollments.  Novauri is incredibly popular and exceeding my sign up expectations by over 30x.  So much we may need to switch to a waiting list for beta months ahead of schedule.  The thing is that the enrollments didn't come from where I expected.  This post for example was enjoyable and meaningful but not productive from a business perspective.  Posts that focus on advantages, safety and cost and don't veer off onto tangents are incredibly productive.  I find this disturbing on several levels.  I wish more people signed up on principal not on selfish motivations, but increasingly I'm being forced to admit that most people vote with their wallet.  
@_date: 2014-03-25 13:41:45
It's naive to think that people won't continue to use un-spendable outputs to store data.  It's a waste of all of our time to fight about it like children.
Make OP_RETURN a standard transaction type and let the miners earn fees from the transactions.  40 bytes will give them a 256 bit hash and 8 bytes of meta data.  
If there's a real and justifiable reason to want 80 bytes, let's hear it.  I don't see why they couldn't use XOR or a similar additive cipher to shorten things up.
If there's a legitimate concern, has anyone done the math on the amount of bloat this would actually cause for everyone?
First, show why 80 is necessary over 40.  Then, if there's a concern about bloat, quantify it.  Only then find an appropriate way to solve it using economic incentives and disincentives, not name calling.
Also, please spare us the ideology about what the blockchain is and is not.  The blockchain exists because of the incentive to mine and earn coinbase transactions as well as transaction fees; the most profitable transactions tend to be included in blocks, others not.
There's a little hint for you in that last sentence.  It's amusing to see otherwise intelligent and adult people act like children.  Please show some class and dignity, and argue with facts and reason.
@_date: 2015-05-19 22:41:16
We are not publicizing our funding sources or partnerships openly at this time.
If you are interested please contact us at the email address above and if it's a good fit we can discuss.
@_date: 2015-05-05 01:24:11
My logic for that question is very simple. 
Step 1: put all currencies into two buckets: 1) decentralized / non significantly pre-mined and 2) centralized
Step 2: Think a lot.
First, with the truly decentralized currencies, it's all about the free market and adoption.  All consensus systems that function securely today involve proof of work in some capacity, and the amount of mining infrastructure is directly correlated to the security of the system, which increases the price.  No truly decentralized cryptocurrency can catch up with bitcoin at this point.  Will there be ethereums and decentralized storage cryptocurrencies?  I certainly think so.  Will there be sidechains?  I wouldn't rule it out.  Will any of them overtake bitcoin?  No way.  This would be like trying to introduce TCP/IP 2.0 six years after everyone started using TCP/IP.  It just won't happen.  The only way I would change my mind would be if there was a massive, and I mean massive crackdown on bitcoin from authorities and this drove the users into a fundamentally more anonymous cryptocurrency.  Barring any huge mistakes by authorities, bitcoin is TCP/IP for money.
Then let's think about centralized currencies.  They are gussied up versions of the same old thing, and mostly could be accomplished if everyone agreed to use the same API.  The only way Fedcoin like schemes add value is if we streamline the rules around them and make them have less friction and more consistency.  I'm skeptical any large body made up of different groups of human beings will ever agree to that when some stand to lose and some stand to win money.  That's not a consensus system I would bet money on if I were you.
@_date: 2014-10-26 02:13:36
Here is a gold star for you for not writing "in the wild". @_date: 2015-05-16 14:39:52
I like some of these. 
WWL, eLedger, number farmer.
Snail ledger...  Figure out a rhyme.
@_date: 2014-11-19 00:45:28
Cats can be shot.  They do have 9 lives, but sometimes people have 10 bullets and can aim.  Then what do you have?  DarkCat ^TM and an over abundance of edgy anarchist teenage angst hashing power?
@_date: 2014-05-29 04:47:10
If people are concerned about another exchange collapse like Mt. Gox, and one competitor provides a higher degree of transparency into their financial stability and in doing so take market share from another who is far more opaque and behaving in a squirrely way all of a sudden freezing customer asset outflows on previously KYC'd accounts and charging increased fees on micro-trades, well, isn't that the definition of competition?
@_date: 2014-11-14 22:37:44
Yes.  There are two ways to profit.  Fees and FX.  As long as we manage fraud to levels we have in other businesses before, we'll still make a reasonable profit from these transactions.
Our model is predicated on not holding a ton of bitcoin in cold and hot wallets.  We do create an address for you during registration in order to make sales and sends easier to facilitate, but we don't control the keys.  The private keys are generated in your browser using information you know that is entered into your browser.  We store your encrypted private keys, but never see them in plaintext.
So correct, that's it really.  We will arguably make a small amount of "float" while we wait for ACH debits to clear and review them for fraud, but that's not a significant amount of money.  Most of it will be FX.  Because we have such a safer design, and don't have a legacy of hundreds of millions of USD in bitcoin deposits, we will have much lower IT security costs, regulatory costs (we aren't as risky from a consumer protection perspective), and equally as important, insurance costs.
We can then pass those lower costs on to our customers in the form of more favorable fees and FX rates.  That's the deal.  We have longer term plans that are a bit broader, but step 1 is to stand up Novauri.  Hope you help us out.
@_date: 2014-12-10 16:29:49
I'm not so sure that's a bad thing.  The more I think about it, even the nasty reputation smearing I've read recently may not be bad long term (no I don't condone it and it sickens me).
Taking a step back, all of this fighting is positive.  I guarantee this is accelerating the hardening of bitcoin service security not only at bc.i, but at competitors.
It seems like a bitcoin recession where everyone is fighting tooth and nail for scraps, but I think in hindsight that's not how we'll see this period of time.
All this is doing is accelerating the maturation of bitcoin's supporting infrastructure and pushing us faster towards one of the first major inflection points: a partial sovereign currency flight to BTC, mainstream access to BTC via retirement savings in a safe package, adoption of a killer app, or a 2.0 technology.
@_date: 2014-10-30 06:51:24
 is a good place to start.
We are built around customer control of their private keys.  We don't have an "option" to let Novauri control your money.  The entire thing is built around the idea that the customer retains control of fiat and bitcoin, and we act as an easy to use clearing service to buy and sell at competitive rates.
We do not pretend to have a magic way to eliminate payment fraud.  If I had a magic way to prevent payment fraud, I wouldn't be in the bitcoin business.  I would be a multi-billionaire and every ecommerce company in the world would be kicking down my door to use my services.
Now, I'm really damn good at eliminating payment fraud, but it's more of a security through obscurity kluge with a few twists (the first rule of fraud club is you do not talk about fraud club), knowing the industry, and having lots of battle scars, but that's not why we are doing this.  We are doing this because bitcoin is meant to be frictionless, digital cash that ends up merging with other technologies and enabling financial TCP/IP.  I want to help make that happen.  
@_date: 2015-05-06 18:12:41
Yes please.  This should go in the sidebar.  There should also be a bitcoin subreddit network so it's consistent.
@_date: 2014-11-19 23:01:55
Sharks with lasers.  No, drone sharks with lasers.  Radioactive sea bass.
@_date: 2014-11-19 05:31:12
Interesting.  The form factor looks a lot like a yubikey.  If the price point is low enough and it's relatively secure that could be a cool security addon feature.  That looks crackable though, not like an epoxy injected ironkey tinfoil hat USB that self wipes after 10 fails.  
I really like yubikeys...  Use them whenever I can.
Didn't know about that reddiquette thing.  That explains all of the "news" posts.  Ok, we can follow the rules, although they definitely favor companies with marketing budgets who can afford lots of "news" or viral marketing spam.  Oh well, that's fine.
@_date: 2014-11-23 13:26:17
That's not a reason to upvote.   This post is horrible.  This is a standard pump post with a goldbug spin.
@_date: 2014-10-30 07:18:09
Well, for starters, our site never sees your private keys, so we can't steal your bitcoin.  You can inspect the JS on your end if you want to do that.  Novauri is being built in a way that even if the CEO's of Moolah or Mt. Gox were running them, they couldn't get away with the instantaneous massive owner theft, er, I mean "accidents" or "hacks" that we saw on their systems.  
I guess the other reason is that I have a team of people who ran multi-million dollar FI products and teams at large companies.  Some of us controlled the keys to financial systems where we could have simply entered files to create as much money as we wanted if we so chose, but we didn't.  You know, because we are honest. 
Then there is the guy from Moolah who was a total huckster.  He changed his name and had a history of scamming people and creating bitcoin honey pots.  And who calls things "tasty"?
@_date: 2015-05-20 14:35:09
Was the world a better place before the petrodollar?  I seem to remember a series of "world wars" with an arms race that ended with the development of fission and then fusion based weapons.  This was all before the petrodollar brought us "perpetual war". 
The problem with this type of dogmatic thinking is it fails to consider what would happen in the power vacuum if the "evils" it focuses on were suddenly no longer in control.  I'm sure you assume that some group that you agree with ideologically would assume control and the world would turn into a utopia.  Perhaps you think we could survive without any government, and that decentralized systems would make authority obsolete.  I'm a little murky on how decentralized tech will prevent stronger people from taking advantage of weaker people, however.
The big question: how is your ideology going to make the world a better place when it is in power?  Do you have any historical precedent or proof that it will scale?  What are you bringing to the table, and how can we be certain it will work?
We may have economic issues, and our monetary policy is certainly not what I would call perfect, but no one has nuked each other since power was established.  I'm not saying we can't progress from here, but I think you need to share your plan and do some convincing.
@_date: 2014-12-21 18:00:45
Add on... have a Trezor now and I have to say it's a pretty cool little gadget.  On principle it's still a bit new to trust with large balances, but I do like it.
@_date: 2014-10-30 07:41:54
I like the cut of your jib.
@_date: 2014-03-25 20:05:08
[In other news...](
@_date: 2015-05-21 07:10:35
I've often thought about a 100% death tax integrated into a cryptocurrency with ID.  I've also thought a lot about a monetary policy administered by AI.  You wouldn't need anything that fancy to create a basic utopia.  I think it can be done with some careful planning, law, bitcoin, a few abstraction layers or alternative cryptocurrencies, and a small population of ideologically aligned people.   And maybe a sheriff, but he has to wear a party hat.
@_date: 2015-05-05 05:39:43
Here we go again. Go re-read the argument from before when we went over this ad nauseum.  The design is lower risk than hosted web based wallets and you know it.  As usual you have no specific points or issues but throw around phrases like "illusion of security".  Heck, we don't even promote the service as a good way to store Bitcoin!  That's why you can buy from us and we'll send it directly to any address you register.  Is that insecure too?  Perhaps you can enlighten us as to how you cracked sha256 and ripemd160?  I'm sure it's my fault too, right?
@_date: 2015-05-19 14:48:51
Yeah it could be both.  Standardizing mining software is another possibility too.  With rules around transaction confirmation, well, there are plenty of possibilities.
@_date: 2015-05-16 14:44:17
@_date: 2015-05-21 03:06:27
I've read my fair share of white papers.  I've written a few too.  The world is a complicated place, and rules and code are really just guidelines we follow while interacting peacefully.  When at war, guns trump rules, ethics, and everything else.  Go design a benevolent AI robot overlord for us, then maybe we can talk.
@_date: 2014-12-06 19:42:31
You don't make decisions like these based on heresay posts on reddit that aren't substantiated.  I could easily pay a viral marketing agency to come post inflammatory posts about any business.  I wouldn't do that, but I know darn well there are scumbags out here that would.  Without proof these statements shouldn't be used to make decisions.
So yeah, I say we ban bitcoin.org for 60 days until they address these issues around biased decision making.
@_date: 2014-10-08 02:48:35
50% a year is ultra conservative if you look at just capacity costs.
[Storage capacity costs are decreasing at a greater rate than computing power.](
The problem?  Network speeds are not keeping up with decreases in computing power and storage rates.
[Our best guess is a 50% decrease in data transport costs per year.](
I would go with 40% a year.  That's pretty safe and still massively compounding.
That isn't a hard fork though... What, are we talking headers first?  What happened to radix trees?
@_date: 2015-05-26 11:28:53
I'm not going to read the article but the title is hilarious :).  The quality of this sub is high this morning.
@_date: 2015-05-05 02:01:33
Maybe.  I'm pretty conservative when it comes to these things.  It was extremely difficult to get the reference client of bitcoin stable and secure.  Ideas are fun, but implementing a secure cryptocurrency that gains widespread adoption is not easy.  There are legions of hand waving sales people who create convincing arguments for why a 2.0 will succeed.  
What goes unsaid is that with protocols there is a huge first mover advantage and network effect, and nothing can change that.  Bitcoin is an infrastructure, not a product.  The second, third, or fifteenth bitcoin exchange may be the one to get it right, but we're talking about infrastructure here, not a product. 
For another cryptocurrency to become big, it needs to offer features and properties that cannot be accomplished by bitcoin proper.  Property, exchanges, stocks, futures, even debt can all be linked on the blockchain.   I think systems that store encrypted data, or handle more complex rule sets are good candidates for 2.0's.  I like counterparty, namecoin, ethereum just because it's cool, and I really hope Storj and Maidsafe can overcome some of the core economic and technical issues around long term storage and redundancy, because they are huge ideas too.
@_date: 2014-12-08 14:54:03
That nitpick is an argument for why JS based crypto in conjunction with SSL/TLS is more secure than just SSL/TLS, not less secure.  Why then come here and spend time blasting bc.i for their security when you know full well that this type of attack would affect any web wallet regardless of whether they uses JS or not?
This is almost certainly a coordinated hit job against bc.i.  I cannot prove it yet, but with time it will come out.  I don't believe it will work.  
I'm watching all of the posts by users with no post history claiming things or smearing, and the others that come here and obfuscate issues that affect all web wallets in such a way that they make it seem like it's somehow specific to bc.i, and I keep thinking to myself... 
Who benefits?  Competing wallet developers or people who have an axe to grind due to failed business relationships.  Probably not one group either.
Do they benefit, however?  People see this stuff and they aren't going to go sign up for others that have been "mentioned" as alternatives in these smear threads.  They are not going to understand local JS vs server java, python or rails.  They aren't even going to understand that bc.i =/ bitcoin.  These people are going to log out of reddit and tell their friends about how unsafe BITCOIN is because it's dangers have been so greatly exaggerated through this brand and reputation hit job.
This hurts everyone, and the people behind it need to be exposed.  It's not hard to see who "piled on".  That, and oh, and I'm keeping screenshots and a timeline, you know, just in case...
@_date: 2014-11-02 01:08:44
I agree.  There's nothing I posted above that is a 3/3 solution.  It might be making p2p pool superior to centralized pools somehow that is unobtrusive and doesn't require changes to bitcoin.  I don't know.
Thanks for the luck.  It's risky business.
@_date: 2014-03-04 17:07:22
My bet is that VISA and MC cancel their account because of massive chargeback rates and credit card fraud.  I don't see anything about fraud mitigation, hold periods, IP geolocation, device fingerprinting, or other fraud mitigation strategies, nothing.  
The smartest criminals in the world defraud banks and payment networks for a living.  These guys either have no idea what they are about to get themselves into or they do and are planning a fraud on the networks.  Let's hope it's the former.
@_date: 2015-05-05 22:34:13
Truth?  
That is the best $700,000 in marketing money that Ripple ever spent.  
This will do wonders for their pre-mined, centralized, bank-friendly image problems.
What?  Am I wrong?
@_date: 2014-06-17 04:54:43
Yes.  
Funny how "unknown" has grown in direct proportion to what was taken away from ghash.io.
As long as "unknown" + any other pool = 51%, you have catastrophic risk.  Really if any three players add up to 51%, that's a huge problem.
Getblocktemplate.  That solves almost all the issues with pooled mining.  The risk we would still face would be someone buying 51% of the computing power, but at least this would mitigate pools.
Why isn't ghash using Getblocktemplate?
@_date: 2015-05-05 02:58:58
Fine, you may be right.  What would you call it?  If it's any good, you have to let me use it also.  If it comes with an available domain name that's worth extra credit.
@_date: 2014-03-12 14:27:14
Yes it is.  Much easier.  Especially since the recent improvements with bip70.
It is also a hell of a lot safer.  Cash, see getting mugged.  Cards?  When you "swipe" your card, you share sensitive information potentially with the merchant, the issuing bank, acquiring bank, networks, and processors. Copies of your personal information end up everywhere, see Target.  
The reason people don't see the value of bitcoin is because they don't even understand how the financial instruments they already use work at any level of detail.
@_date: 2014-10-29 21:25:47
Bam.  Fixed.  (not me, rockstar designer)
@_date: 2015-05-18 03:38:11
Yeah, but it has that 'too good to be true' ring to it.  Maybe it's the asterisks?  I don't know, but that's my reaction.
@_date: 2014-12-28 20:08:18


That's not ~~how~~ the only way it works.  You can buy coins from my service and we'll send them to an address you registered to your profile that is from your personal wallet.  By registering an address, you affirm that you control it.  There is no step where you log in and send coins from Novauri to your wallet.  We send them to the address you specify.
If you sell, we can't sell from your wallets without access to your private keys, so we create a wallet for you during registration.  The trick is, the private key to the "Novauri wallet" is derived from information you know, and is created locally in browser, and you are encouraged to backup the private key so you can take it with you.
We'll have multi-sig shortly after beta, but Novauri never has more than 1 key.  I can't go into detail on that one yet, but it's going to be pretty awesome.


I don't know if that's happening with bitcoin addresses.  My company won't be engaging in this sort of surveilance, but it's possible an agency could force us to use a list that was created using this type of information.  
I will say that this type of thing is absolutely happening with bank accounts, but that's not news.  Also, bank accounts are tied to a verified identity.  
I don't see how it could happen with bitcoin addresses without a lot of unintended consequences and impact to innocent people.  
@_date: 2015-05-08 05:45:17
This is the one thing that concerns me.  I think the 40% annual increase normalized over difficulty adjustment intervals is the pragmatic approach.  It's predictable and also frees the decision making from these ego fueled developer hair pulling contests, or whatever this is that we are witnessing.
@_date: 2015-05-14 05:24:18
Nearly $1b has been invested, 4x as much as you claim.  I would seriously consider letting others revise the form letter.  
Who is behind this legislation in NC?  Does anyone know?  Meme time.
@_date: 2014-11-10 04:40:29
If you received an email then you are in the list.  If you have advanced OCD like I do, send an email to support with your email address and I can check the list.
We are trying to avoid spamming people with lots of email, so we probably won't email you until your invitation is ready.  
@_date: 2015-05-23 06:28:20
People talking about SARs are confused.  Chexsystems is owned by FIS and is classified as a credit reporting agency.  Ask Chexsystems for a free annual credit report.  I doubt activity with Coinbase was the cause, but you have a right to the information, so ask for it. Also Wells owns EWS, a competitor, so this story is more than a little fishy.
@_date: 2015-05-21 16:16:00
Someone send this idea to onion.com.  Draw the parallel to bitcoin in the last paragraph.  Go!
@_date: 2014-01-14 13:54:25


Oh, and sqig, by the way, not only can you post additional data to a transaction sent to an address in the blockchain, the protocol even supports multi-signature (escrow) transactions where two private keys must be used to authorize transactions on an address, and even [sending bitcoins to an IP address](
@_date: 2014-11-12 21:48:58
...especially if the receiving party has not reached consensus on its use or the block times are too frequent.
I'm going to go throw up now.
@_date: 2015-05-19 22:49:03
This pretty much.  
There's some detail buried in the JD though.
@_date: 2014-04-24 14:00:03
I agree completely, there's a network effect with bitcoin.  The telephone has more in common with bitcoin than the television.  While the TV required broadcasting companies to create programming more useful than radio audio, the telephone required lines, operators, and ultimately participants who owned telephones and were hooked up through the last mile.  Bitcoin doesn't need the lines, operators, or even the physical telephone, but it does require installation of a wallet application or registration with a web service, as well as setting up funding from a traditional bank account.
So the obstacles for bitcoin are network participation.  Network participation requires 1) opening or installing a wallet, 2) getting a funding source set up 3) buying bitcoin and finally 4) participating in the economy.
1-4 are what we need to make easier to do.
@_date: 2014-12-21 19:41:53
Peter, it's great you found a bug with Coinbase.  
The fact that you take compensation as an advisor to companies competing with Coinbase, come here to reddit, make highly public posts about security issues, then recommend people move their money away and separately recommend the the companies putting you on the payroll is arguably unethical.
I'm beginning to wonder if you don't target companies that won't pay you as an advisor.  I recall you recently going after blockchain.info as well.  This seems highly coincidental to me.
Can you please disclose your economic interests in competitors, and if these companies have ever turned you down for "advisor" work?
@_date: 2014-10-27 22:12:28
The EU doesn't have money transmitters, that's FinCEN and US States.  EU passed emoney, safe harbor, and other regulation but that term is not really part of the lexicon.
@_date: 2015-05-16 14:47:05
Haha no.  No they won't understand "world wide proof".  They will think you are talking about aliens or are a conspiracy theorist.
@_date: 2015-01-16 21:40:44
I can see how you might think that, but I really do mean negative feedback loop.  Over the last year we've seen very low volatility compared to the past.  It's been a steady bleed of a decline, like air being let out of a balloon slowly.  The negative feedback loop is the price decline slowly hurting miners who must sell their winnings, which takes away demand again.  If that feedback loop were to continue indefinitely, it could lead to zero.   I don't think it will, because people are already value investing in bitcoin.  I think we've hit a floor.  
"A positive feedback loop" on the downside would look more like a deflation after hyperinflation where a currency goes to zero very quickly, or an over-leveraged asset class (like CDO's) that implodes on itself because it's a house of cards based on a negative real market valuation.  That's another doomsday scenario as well, but I think that's also unlikely.
@_date: 2014-12-19 14:33:30
Yeah.  It's a global conspiracy to inflate the transaction volume because it is positively correlated to the price, which has been steadily falling as transaction volumes rise.
Nice try.  We must be ready for the next parabolic spike.
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:31:07
These are all solid theories and I agree there's no way they wouldn't notice 744k in double refund fraud because of a bad search tool, or that they never reconciled balances.  
"Wait, how did we get to zero bitcoins in our operating account addresses?  The reports say 744,000 are on deposit by our customers, this can't be right.  Oh no, call center fraud that we somehow didn't notice over 22 months slowly drained our operating account to zero as we issued refunds for completed transactions that had altered hashes!  If only we had checked to see how many bitcoins we actually had in our operating addresses in over a year.  We'll have to do that next time more often."  That's a laughable excuse.  Upvote to you, sir or ma'am.
@_date: 2014-11-11 08:37:54
Great, so when do you turn on skynet and what can we meatsacks do to defend ourselves from the robotic AI death machine you are building?  Does the welcoming  the robot overlords thing truly work or does that just land you a job as a cognitively enslaved organic battery?
@_date: 2015-01-31 02:46:55


Bitcoin isn't a Rube Goldberg Machine.  It looks that way to an economist/lawyer/political scientist who doesn't understand the cryptography/technology, or an engineer who doesn't understand the economic systems baked into it.


It's not "the blockchain".  "The blockchain" is a transaction history, a ledger.  It's bitcoin or "the blockchain" doesn't work.
 


Remittance and exchange between different sovereign powers with 0 friction and no middle men is absurd.  States have interests to protect and don't agree sometimes, see Crimea, Ukraine, and the mysterious crash in oil prices that decimated the value of Russia's currency.


Because there are reasons that an authority might want to keep their fiscal policy opaque, especially when the alternative is war.
I really like your writing style, and it was a fun read, but I have some issues with your content.
@_date: 2015-01-06 02:54:27
Great.  I thought I had at least 10 years before AI automated my job.  Thanks a lot.
@_date: 2015-01-04 22:02:34
[No, not yet. Soon.](
@_date: 2015-01-16 03:01:24
I couldn't agree more.  These services are not wallets in any sense of the word.  Calling them wallets is misleading.
These are bitcoin brokerages with a pooled bitcoin bank account feature.  Coinbase has a wallet option in their "vault", but it's an option only for "advanced" users.
Considering that this flawed bitcoin bank design is the ongoing cause of service collapse after service collapse, isn't it about time to classify these services along with their risk profile accordingly?  
@_date: 2015-01-02 21:32:05
This is exactly right.  As soon as a financial services company grows out of being small, complex regulatory environments are no longer seen as issues or opportunities for improvement, but as the reality and environment in which they do business.  
Remember, a larger company has already invested millions into complying with the existing regulatory environment.  Why would one of these companies want to encourage change?  They have a huge sunk cost in complying with the system as it exists.  On top of this, the system they are complying with serves as a huge barrier to entry for small competitors.
It's really not all that complicated, and the companies aren't "bad" or "evil", they are just acting in their best interests.  Regulators need to be very careful when passing new rules.  Someday we can hopefully get to a place where rules are updated on a very regular basis and have a mandatory expiration.  This is desperately needed in the financial services industry and would be a major catalyst for innovation and modernization.
@_date: 2014-12-24 06:10:44
This seems to be the place to post if you want down votes, so here I am.
1) Not agreeing with something on moral or ideological grounds is not the same as it being illegal.  Slapping a "classified" label on illegal activity should not make revealing that illegal activity a crime.  If we allow this, you just gave whoever has the "classified" stamp infinite power to do whatever they want.
2) As the 2nd and 3rd Century Roman jurist Paul so succinctly put it:


This is as close to a fundamental right for advanced society as any.  It's known more commonly to us Murican's (I can tell you are one) as "Innocent until proven guilty".  
The idea is, in any situation there exists an asymmetrical balance of power, and the rule of law must protect the weak from the strong, even if the weak are revealing violations or criminal activity on the part of the strong.
Without this and other fundamental rights forming a foundation for our systems of law, we might as well just call it a day and sign up for a hopefully benevolent and very different form of government.
[Of course, I agree with this guy when it comes to "rights".](
The truth is, we already have signed up.  Enjoy the ride.
@_date: 2015-01-30 21:25:59
That sounds really awesome...
[Something like this?](
[Or perhaps this?](
Putting away the tinfoil hats for a moment, crypto really does need to be hardware integrated into everyday devices for things to go to the moon.  Bitcoin's "killer app" isn't an app at all, it's integration into the internet.  
@_date: 2015-01-14 16:16:34
I'm assuming that the assumption that businesses will close and the hashrate will fall is already priced into the market.
I'm skeptical of "doomsday" scenarios where miners drop out, this drives the hash rate down, the price down, driving more miners out, in a negative feedback loop.
I think it's much more likely that people are "waiting in the wings" to get back in.  Bitcoin is still impervious.  It's still unique digital information.  What we are seeing is nothing more than mass psychology.
@_date: 2014-11-02 04:22:46
As someone who is familiar with ecosystems, you'll appreciate their complexities.  Sometimes participants in an ecosystem eat each other for food (e.g. hostile takeovers).  They may fight for territory (competition).   Sometimes symbiotic relationships are formed (Strategic partnerships).  Sometimes participants will form parasitic relationships and bleed a host for food, or betray their host for the benefit of a different organism entirely (some lawyers).  
And then once in a great while,  sometimes a giant meteor will fall from the sky.  It will wipe out apex predators and entire orders of life, forcing punctuated equilibrium and rapidly accelerated evolution orders of magnitude faster than normal as some form of life fills the void previously occupied by extinct species (e.g. the printing press, antibiotics, chemical fertilizer, telephone, combustion engine, electricity or the rise of distributed consensus systems - i.e. bitcoin) You see my point?
With Circle and Coinbase I haven't attacked and belittled anyone directly.  Quite the contrary, I've defended Circle when they were being attacked pretty viciously.  I have immense respect for their CEO.  Hes achieved more in his career than most of us could dream of before starting Circle.  I congratulated Coinbase on the option to let their customers keep key control in their vault, even if that option was a bit overdue.  
I think Nick Szabo said it best:


So please understand, Im not writing anything to be cruel, but Im not going to mince words.  Bitcoin was meant to be frictionless, digital cash.  Its not an improved online shopping currency that works better in some ways but not others retrofitted into a hollowed out bank vault to be managed by the same rules as credit networks, ACH, or antiquated systems designed before most here were born.  That meteor has touched down, most dont know it yet, and we are just seeing time on a much slower scale as the changes unfold.  Bitcoin is going to become all sorts of things that no one is predicting.  It may take a long time, but if you believe in it then I feel you have a responsibility to the community and to improving the condition of humanity to move it forward however you can.  We need to be working to help existing institutions feel more comfortable and provide answers for them, not to encourage them to prematurely create restrictions or roll over for profits.  
I think being direct is completely called for in this situation.  And related to contributions to bitcoin?  I were to look at who was contributing the most to bitcoin right now, I certainly wouldnt put Coinbase, Circle, or even my service Novauri on that list even after it launches.  No way...
I would put the people who are pushing the edges of the technology, creating disruptive ideas like side chains, tweaking ethereum, participating in the debates, and of course donating their time to work on the core development.  I would list people who invented and then implementing stealth addresses.  I would list people who are WAY out there in the clouds theorizing about ways to integrate machine learning algorithms, game theory with bitcoin so that software intelligence can compete and evolve against itself.  People considering using delivery drones that use bitcoin as an automated payment and settlement system, those dreaming of delivering holographic service across the globe (doctors, therapists, counselors) that can be paid in bitcoin.  Those dreaming up micro transaction economies to bring the rest of the world into the financial system.  These are the pioneers.
Im truly sorry if you feel Im too terse, but this is who I am.
@_date: 2014-03-12 13:51:41
Never order a product that doesn't exist if you are not willing to lose the amount you paid.  Preordering vapor products under development is essentially providing venture capital for free.  You aren't preordering a video game and it does not matter if the founders are trustworthy.  Much can go wrong developing new products, these guys haven't done it before, and any big cost overrun can lead to the entire thing never happening.
@_date: 2015-01-23 19:23:13
You've reset my irritation timer for this meme.  Bravo.
1000 bits 
@_date: 2015-01-06 15:30:18
That seems like a really complicated solution that doesn't solve the fiat side of the issue.  
If I am insolvent and have a service with cash and bitcoin deposits, I can simply operate my cash side on a fractional reserve basis to have bitcoin solvency.  That is, buy 100% of bitcoin customers deposited but have maybe only 20% of cash deposits on hand.  As long as there is no bank run on the cash side, voila!  I'm passing your real time Merkle sum solvency proof hand waviness but am actually insolvent with fiat. I could take loans or more convertible debt too and say it's for "business expansion" if I was totally screwed.  I could leverage up on derivatives.  Plenty of tricks.  Ask Arthur Andersen!
The problem is it's a two sided coin: fiat and crypto.  You have to audit all their books at the same time as a crypto proof of reserves.  That's a brilliant plan for the crypto side, but I'll just trick you using old school accounting fraud.  I mean, hypothetically.  I'm not a crook.
[Not to toot my own horn...  But... TOOT!](
Also, message me if you are interested in some design and security consulting?  I want you to take a look at Novauri pretty soon if that sounds intriguing.
@_date: 2015-01-07 15:25:21
The question isn't if the average computer's processor, ram, motherboard, and storage can handle 20mb blocks.
The questions are:
1) can the amateur afford hardware to host a 20mb or 200mb block size after a few years, or are we forcing people to buy enterprise hardware to run a bitcoin node and...
2) what does this do to block propagation time in the live network when blocks 10 to 100 times larger need to move through a chain of acceptance to propagate to the entire network?
1 and 2 add similar risks.  
Storing bigger blocks may force centralization of full nodes and force little people to use SPV implementations, which potentially reduces the security of the network, and absolutely makes bitcoin inaccessible to the curious or the enthusiast. 
Both storing and transmitting bigger blocks makes 0 confirmation confidence checks harder to do for "in lane" retail or online shopping transactions.  Both also make selfish mining or similar schemes or double spend confirmation frauds much easier to commit. 
I really preferred a gradual increase of a set % incrementally just below the average fixed absolute value of the long term % decrease in broadband costs.  Broadband costs drop slower than storage and processing decreases, so this is the right benchmark to use.  Is there a reason we have to go completely bananas and compete with paypal tomorrow?  Do we need to transmit blocks via radio so we have instant propagation to all nodes with one hop???
@_date: 2015-01-31 07:52:44
[Support Novauri...](
@_date: 2015-01-04 15:28:07
Will from Novauri here.  
[You may want to sign up for Novauri's US Beta at  starting in early 2015.](
Novauri lets you buy and sell bitcoin but isn't designed like a bank.  We never have control of your private keys, and your bitcoin funds are always in your control.  That means we cannot "freeze" your bitcoin addresses and operate 100% on blockchain.  You can walk away from our service with your private keys and use another service or program for bitcoin at any time, with or without our permission.
We also allow you to bring your own wallet.  If you want to buy using Novauri and have the funds send directly to a third party address like a paper or hardware wallet, we don't care.
[We still have to follow rules and regulations, but we're as open as we can be about how we comply with them.  Read more here.](  
Our design makes us safer for everyone, because there is no systemic risk of catastrophic internal theft that keeps happening over and over with badly designed services that use hot and cold wallets and operate off blockchain.  
It also means that we operate at a lower cost basis so we will be cheaper in the long run.  We don't have to pay for all of the expensive security, insurance, and higher regulatory burden associated with the poor design decision of creating a bitcoin bank.
There's more coming after our beta as well, find out more at our website.  Thanks.
@_date: 2014-11-15 08:04:16
Novauri does not control your private keys and therefore cannot "freeze" your bitcoin.
[**Support us by signing up for Novauri's US closed beta and we will waive your transaction fees on purchases and sales forever!**](   
When we begin our closed beta in March/April of 2015, our service will let you buy and sell bitcoin, but we never have control of your private keys &amp; wallet.  This means we are effectively "Gox proof" with 100% of our customer accounts, not as an option.  Our service will have high security; 2FA is mandatory.  You still should still not store large amounts of bitcoin on our site, and if you do we WILL actively nag you about getting it off Novauri, referring you to more secure options.  
We do still need to verify your identity if you plan to trade over $3000 daily, and we must follow many rules and regulations.  I can guarantee you that we will never let you start using your account with one level of KYC rules and then change the rules after you are our customer.  
I'm not sure what you say happened with Coinbase, and I'm not going to comment without knowing more or seeing proof (this subreddit is full of astroturf and outright lies), but I do know that this type of thing was reported as occurring at a very popular exchange and another business in Canada.  
I see that as highly irresponsible and suspicious - likely an indicator that the business conducting the activity is operating on a fractional reserve basis in secret because they took a HUGE loss... like what probably was happening since 2011 at Gox.  It's a red flag. Why?  Here is why:
1) these companies should have been obeying the bank secrecy act all along (you should be in jail for money laundering if you are letting customers trade more than $3000/day without verifying customer ID in the US,) and 
2) if you are suddenly going to start obeying the law, as almost all of these services were not for quite some time, you should at least return funds to the addresses from which they were received as an optional refund and not use the regulation as an excuse to create a bitcoin honey pot trap!
If a customer needs to pass an identity check, you give them the ID check BEFORE you take deposits.  You don't take deposits, freeze them, and then demand an ID check.  That's incredibly unethical and completely backwards.  I know the claim is that funds would be forking over to the authorities, but the reality is, the escheatment will probably take years if it ever happens, and they will be using that bitcoin to profit as collateral on derivatives markets for years in the mean time.  
That's a really scummy way to earn a profit, and we want no part of it.  I think using regulation as an excuse to trap funds is either a sign of incompetence, illegal activity, a coverup of a catastrophic loss or negligence, or some or all of the above.
So we're building a service that can't freeze funds and really just acts as a passthrough.  We allow fully support your ability to add 3rd party addresses, so if you want to add your Blockchain.info addresses and use a wallet service that specializes in just doing that better than a brokerage service can, that's up to you.  We'll even send your bitcoin purchases to whatever address you specify directly, without you having to do the "bitcoin bank shuffle" where you move your bitcoin off to a paper wallet every time you buy.  We don't pretend to be a bank, put you at risk, give you a false sense of security underinsuring total deposits, or give you a headache.
Think I'm making all of this up about bitcoin banks, fractional reserve, and scams?  [Click this because I'm not.  Did you know that almost 10% of all bitcoin has been stolen because of business models exactly like every service you probably use today to buy and sell bitcoin?](
Help us build Novauri, sign up for our US closed beta.  We're trying to build an alternative for you.  Thanks.
@_date: 2015-01-30 17:08:53
In the future, I would love to see ~~a real community effort without corporate interference produce an open source hardware schematic, PCB layout, and source code~~ $1.25 cryptochips standard with all PC, Mac, mobile, and tablet mainboards with BIOS/assembly language direct integration to popular Linux, windows, OSX, and Android operating systems. 
That is what I would like to see...
@_date: 2015-05-09 02:13:17
The author of this "opinion" doesn't understand how the blockchain site works, and his story doesnt add up.
"Recently the same happened to me. I had generated a bitcoin address to receive a specific payment. The funds had been sent to the address and appeared in my wallet.
Almost instantly I was kicked out of my wallet and was required to log in again. After logging in, the address had disappeared from my wallet along with the coins. There was no time to backup the private key from instantly being kicked."
This is not how the site presently works.  For new wallets:
1) You create a wallet with an email address/alias and a password
2) You are prompted to write down a mnemonic phrase (I take it you skipped this step with the big red warning text about losing your bitcoin?)
3) It logs you out before you see your address
4) You must log back in with the credentials you just created
THEN you could have accessed the address and sent bitcoin there.  
So, assuming you aren't lying to us, you did 1-4 with a new wallet, logged back in, then saw the bitcoin hit the address, saw the balance, were kicked out, and when you logged back in... and the address was not there?   
Did you write down the recovery phrase?
Also, why are certain other wallets repeatedly mentioned here as an alternative?  This feels like a sleazy FUD post to me.
@_date: 2015-01-31 15:27:36
We are still on track for q2 2015 beta, it's just a really long track!
@_date: 2015-01-30 04:34:08
Great links.  If you triangulate all of this, it's pretty clear how many people are out there.
The thing is, worrying about the user count completely misses the point.  Even the transaction volume (assuming it can't be inflated easily for very little money) isn't the point.  
The point is the next killer application.  In truth, the first killer app for bitcoin was as a currency for drug markets.  It was a tiny market, and no where close to the size of cash based black markets, but let's call a spade a spade.
Since then, price appreciation is largely speculation by people who understand how incredibly brilliant bitcoin is, and that it solves fundamental problems that can't be solved another way, in addition to having a huge network effect as the first mover.  That isn't a killer app, it's speculation that there will be more killer apps.
The next killer app won't be an online shopping mobile app or replacement for a credit card.  It will be something very few realize they need, but after they have it won't want to imagine life without it.
User counts and numbers are fodder for accountants and analysts.  What we need is the next killer app to get traction.  Personally, I think there are a few already out there that are just getting off the ground.  Obvious candidates: decentralized markets (stock, commodity, bond, currency, auctions, services), P2P payments integration with torrent file sharing on p2p networks, pirate-proof files, high efficiency international remittances, decentralized ID, programmable contracts, economic "fuel" for AI.  As soon as ANY of these are productized in a competent way that sticks, BOOM.  Hello moon.
@_date: 2015-01-05 02:13:53
Replying via message.  Don't want to overdo it with post spam.
@_date: 2015-01-30 07:19:26
I use QT, but if you can get over the PITA factor, armory supports offline transaction signing and [if you know what you are doing you can bring your own entropy and not use a PRNG at all.](
Of course, armory runs over QT anyway, so I'm not sure we have upped the convenience factor here...
@_date: 2015-01-14 13:42:50
I agree completely.  It's much more civil too, there haven't been the usual basement dweller argumentative jerks and internet tough guys, which is nice for a change.
When people assume the worst is yet to come, that is a strong sign of capitulation and reversal.  
It's good advice to not try and catch a falling knife, but if I was going to gamble now is the time to dollar cost average in.
Or it's a dead cat bounce.  Who is to say?
@_date: 2015-01-21 05:01:21
Love it!  40% is the ideal rate; it should stay under the extrapolated broadband growth ceiling in addition to instructions per second and storage cost efficiency gains.
Just for precision's sake, and to satisfy my deep seated OCD, humor me and take a second look at your double epoch.
double_epoch = ~~6~~ 6.609263245x24x ~~365~~ 365.25x2 = ~~105120~~ 115873.60321134
365 is slightly off.  365.25 is much closer as it includes leap year.
Block time of 10 minutes is 6x24x365.25 is the target, but what we see in reality is that block time is not 10 minutes, but 9.078167684 minutes.  The difficulty readjustments every 2016 blocks always tail into increases in hash power, which is why we see nearly a 10% faster block confirmation time.
[This figure is based on this data from 2011 averaged out for every block confirmation through today.](
I think it's safe to assume that as the number of transactions grows, fee profit grows and offsets coinbase revenue gains, we can extrapolate the same increases in hashing power.
You might want to tweak the math to make sure we come in at 40%.  I didn't want to hack up that marvelous sheet, but I think you may be a little low.
~~*~~ x because of reddit's fun formatting syntax.
@_date: 2015-01-06 07:30:24
[Not to say I told you so, but...](
[Oh, look -7 downvotes on this one and some gracious member of our community (who isn't a mod) threatening to ban me!](  
[In conclusion, buddy, hey, differentiate THIS.](
It's frustrating explaining the obvious to idiots who don't get it.  Things were different a few years ago.  Maybe this will shake out some of the lobotomy patients out of the sub?  My fingers are crossed.
@_date: 2015-01-05 02:06:15
Thanks, pretty much this ^ .
@_date: 2015-01-22 03:28:39
It's absolutely true.  You can literally inspect the javascript file you receive from them and your network traffic.  Also, there's an extension you can install that bypasses the JS download risk all together.  
In the event they did monkey with the JS or someone outside did a nasty MITM on a service, it still limits the risk of fraud to incremental losses - i.e. they still cannot rob everyone all at once.  It's extremely unlikely that a "gox" will happen with blockchain.info because of the design.  That's not true with banks that control your private keys.  Regardless of how they perform their internal security there's always the possibility of 2 or more employees colluding or working with people on the outside to steal everything.  Preventing that costs a lot of money, and absolutely introduces risk.
So with bitcoin banks you are relying on the internal security of the company to not have their hot and cold wallets hacked and lose everything all at once.  With web wallets that do not store plaintext private keys, they systemic risks are much lower and incremental not catastrophic, all things being equal.  
Much of it comes down to the competence and security of the company itself, but web wallets that are designed to never see your keys intentionally are a fundamentally more secure design, especially if they incorporate 2FA or multisig into their scheme and avoid common design flaws.
@_date: 2015-01-10 16:28:09
Not necessarily.
@_date: 2015-01-09 23:27:29
The message on their site says that they were preserving the original hardware for forensic investigation, so they probably don't know what happened at this point.  If a gun was pointed to my head and I had to guess, my bet would be a non-executive level employee either stole the funds, or conspired with someone on the outside to steal the funds by giving them a way in.  
From their news bulletin, they clearly weren't using multi-sig in their back office wallets, which would indicate that a single individual on the inside or outside could pull it off.  
Glad to see them going with bitgo.  I recently had a demo of their stuff, and I imagine it is likely just what bitstamp needed if the issue was an insider.
@_date: 2015-01-22 04:30:25
Of this demographic?  Probably 1%.  If/when things go facebook, 0.01%.  
The thing is, that 1% or 0.01% will post it all over bitcointalk, and twitter the moment they find it, limiting the damage.
No one is likely to "find" a vulnerability with a bitcoin bank-designed exchange or brokerage like Gox, Stamp, Circle, or Coinbase (their multi-sig vault notwithstanding) before it causes a catastrophe.  If businesses operating on that model get hit with insider or outsider fraud, it's almost always going to be big and very bad.
That's not just my opinion, it's based on the history of how services fail.  You might call me a bit of a student of this subject.
@_date: 2015-01-05 02:22:20
Well, for his sake I hope you are right.  Regulators and law enforcement will want to do an international "pile on" with Karpeles if they smell blood in the water and he turns out to be involved.  I really wouldn't want to be in his shoes right now, innocent of not.
@_date: 2015-05-05 03:13:54
[Just documenting that BTCPHD replied from 110101002's downvoted to hidden post as if he were 110101002 indicating that they are likely the same person or perhaps part of the same FUD squad.](
Saving this little gem for later.  The plot thickens...
@_date: 2015-05-05 03:37:33
Is someone pushing back on this?  Who are they?
@_date: 2015-05-16 14:45:07
This sounds like snake oil.
@_date: 2015-01-07 18:49:10
There is no "pipe dream".  Can we please have a conversation that is based on quantifiable fact or extrapolation?
If you run the numbers by extrapolating long term trends in computing, storage, and broadband cost decreases...
Storage capacity halves in cost every 14 months, give or take (potential bottleneck).
Computing power halves in cost every 18 months (middle bottleneck).
Network broadband connectivity halves in cost every 24 months (likely bottleneck).
If you extrapolate storage capacity alone, and assume the 1mb / 10 minute size is the maximum acceptable for the home enthusiast today, and we stick with the standby 7 transactions / second for 1mb of size,  the math is that at the same price point, that 1MB cap can increase by 85.7% annually and remain attainable.  
If you do the math this means home enthusiasts can support:
* 5 years: 83 trx/s
* 10 years: 1,838 trx/s
* 15 years: 40,594 trx/s (= peak VISA volumes today)
* 20 years: 1,000,000 trx/s (more than enough for a ubiquitous, transnational decentralized currency system)
The bottleneck isn't storage capacity, it's broadband.  Broadband is SLOW.  By year 20, we only hit 15,518 trx/second.  It takes beyond year 22 to support just VISA peak volumes.
This means we need a leap frog in block transmission.  Radio propagation might work.  This is your bottleneck.
Storage capacity is least likely to cause an issue, so why are we artificially discussing forcing the size so high that it KILLS the ability for enthusiasts to tinker?  
Sorry, but that's plain dumb and even smells a little fishy.
@_date: 2015-01-17 03:54:14
This is a slight variation on the DunningKruger powered catchphrase: "blockchain technology is amazing, forget about the currency."
One is bearish for bitcoin, the other is bullish for bitcoin, and both are recited by idiots who don't understand the underlying subject matter.
Can someone please figure out a way to make journalists "get it"?  Bitcoin is over six years old.  Does graduation from journalism academy include a free lobotomy?
@_date: 2014-11-20 01:24:49
That's just it, you haven't shown that you know the topics to which I referred. 
You want to have some sort of internet debate with me about concepts you haven't taken the time or effort to understand, but only after I summarize the concepts for you, just so you can tell me why I am wrong.
If you dont believe me or dont get it, I dont have time to try to convince you, sorry.
@_date: 2015-01-01 06:12:18
[Mark Karpeles was convicted of fraud inabsentia in France just after leaving for Japan.](
The fraud involved stealing from customers.  He was found guilty.  Let's see where the chips fall, but I don't share your optimism around his innocence.
@_date: 2015-01-31 15:39:46
Blockchain.info is fine as a web wallet.  They had a few bugs but fixed them and made the customers whole.  They were also targeted by a sophisticated MiTM attack that would have breached any online bitcoin wallet.
The thing people forget is that blockchain has a superior design to services designed as bitcoin banks.  If blockchain screws up, the damage to customers is only as they log in or create accounts under broken code.  If a bitcoin bank screws up or hires dishonest employees who are really just after cold and hot wallets, well, they can lose most or all depositor bitcoin instantly.
That's not conspiracy theory, it's how almost 10% of bitcoin has been stolen.
Stop supporting "off blockchain" bitcoin banks.  They aren't safe to use with bitcoin.  I trust a carefully created and accessed blockchain.info wallet over a centralized web service any day.
@_date: 2015-01-08 08:00:43
Here we to again.
@_date: 2015-01-05 02:04:17
I post in threads about problems my service is trying to solve.  I don't spam posts about other topics.  I'm sorry if that's obnoxious, but I try to be selective about how I mention my service.  
@_date: 2015-01-13 06:11:38
[Hey..... Ahem.........   COUGH COUGH...  Datestamp... Cough..](
@_date: 2015-01-31 07:42:49
Let's have a conversation about BCT and whether it is "here to stay" or simply a "flash in the pan".  
Then stay tuned for a conversation about flashes and the debate some people are having about pans.
@_date: 2015-01-31 02:50:44
I like this, except let's not call it a debate.  Let's call it confused but interested people vs. people who "get it" and call it BTC.
@_date: 2015-01-31 06:21:55
You just gave me a great idea.  New business.  The "Rube Goldberg Corporation".  We'll make tax accounting and compliance software!
BA DUM TSSH...
@_date: 2015-01-21 05:25:06
Sorry about that.  I'm normally much faster.  I've been busy lately.
@_date: 2015-01-05 02:14:48
Reply via message.
@_date: 2014-11-26 22:24:24
I like bitcoin ATM's as much as the next guy, but the rates are generally not competitive with exchanges or brokerages.  Also what's up with the overzealous biometrics collection?  I am pretty sure that there's no regulation that requires retina scans, finger prints, and blood samples to use a bitcoin ATM.  I do like pancakes.
@_date: 2015-01-10 04:17:05
I'm not going to speculate as to whether it's safe or not.
If it was an operating wallet, and they moved it to bitgo and spread out the access controls, it could be OK.  I don't know if that is what happened, however.  I really can't say, so I don't know.
It's in bitstamp's best interests to voluntarily undergo a full financial audit, including proof of reserves, fiat balances at time of proof of reserves, any outstanding loans, and liabilities.  They should do this with an established accounting firm that performs financial audits for banks.
@_date: 2015-05-19 04:26:30
Hey, what about maybe, I don't know, putting hardware wallets on all major mobile phone and computer mainboards so they can be accessed safely by the operating system and used by applications?  Would that make a little more sense?  Gee, I wonder if that's what they might actually be working on here?
@_date: 2015-01-12 16:06:57
The point isn't to make running a full node accessible for people who don't care (not that I agree with you in the least that there aren't 50 year old people in the US South or people in an African Country who might want to do so), it's to make the option accessible and affordable for people who want to run a full node.
The point isn't to let people have a hobby.  The point is to keep the network's nodes from becoming centralized.  If only a thousand entities are running nodes, it's much easier for a given Country to regulate the handful of nodes in their Country and control them, or for a region to do this with a bunch of Countries in tandem.
Centralization of nodes has the potential to be as damaging as mining centralization, and I don't see the point of letting the block size become enormous and forcing centralization when there isn't even a problem with our 7 trx/second cap, presently.
A more gradual increase makes much more sense and has no downside.  It's not like people have to raise the fees they are paying right now because no one will mine their transactions...
@_date: 2015-05-19 14:54:34
It requires mining, but it doesn't require the consumer electronic devices to mine.  Unless there is a heat recovery product like a space heater where the heat is put to productive use, this type of scheme cannot compete cost effectively with industrial mining rigs.  If the cost of electricity is subsidized, sure, but I don't see that as a huge draw.
What's more likely is that they are looking to standardize hardware wallets and put real security around bitcoin.  I bet they are building a software stack around this too.  I bet they are also including a mining chip, but the play isn't to compete cost effectively, it's either to create really friendly mining software to standardize the transaction confirmation rules to bring down confirmation times de facto, or to create a network of nodes/pools/mining operations that observe certain rules that support micropayments and other types of functionality.
The last one has to be handled delicately or they could end up drawing the wrath of the bitcoin community.  In 5 years, that may not matter though.  
It's an interesting company with really strong advisors.  Good on them.
 
@_date: 2015-01-06 07:33:02
Guess it's a good thing I wasn't banned, huh rydan?  You know, considering how bitstamp lost millions today due to exactly what I said in the 99% of the time sentence.  
Maybe we can get together sometime and roast some marshmallows over a good book burning fire.  Those are fun.  Good times, ah the memories.
@_date: 2014-05-17 00:50:20
@_date: 2015-05-24 02:20:16
My life is so boring, seriously.
@_date: 2014-11-19 14:43:58
Hope you are right.  I think that the solution may be as simple as making accessible, but free merged mining software that is well maintained.
@_date: 2015-05-06 00:25:50
I doubt law enforcement would go completely blow their cover and go on a fishing expedition using information obtained from Coinbase secretively under a national security letter.  
I really don't think this is Coinbase.  I could be wrong, but it sounds like the OP was caught up in something else, or is making this up.  I wouldn't rule out making this up, it's a throwaway account.
Screenshots or it didn't happen.  Also, is there a police report of this little visit?
Want to know who is making it up?  Look who is promoting their competing service in this thread.  Not that the thought hasn't crossed my mind... but that's where I would look first.
@_date: 2015-05-05 03:11:23
Your wit is eclipsed only by your charm.
@_date: 2014-03-03 21:53:28
I told them it was actually good news.  No one listens until you need a space suit, and by then it's too late.
@_date: 2015-01-29 14:54:26
2 million users is 5x more than the total number of active users globally. 
Are these 2 million ID verified customers with linked bank accounts, or a count of bitcoin addresses created? 
Coinbase, please put your marketing department back on decaf!
@_date: 2014-10-26 02:51:57
Hi, this is Will from Novauri.  We're accepting sign ups for our closed beta release, which is on track for March or April of 2015.  Our rates will be extremely competitive, and if you sign up now, we'll waive your transaction fees on bitcoin purchases and sales forever.
It really bothers us that every major service today that lets you buy and sell bitcoin also wants to control your private keys.   It bothers us even more given that these same services have started to freeze assets in the name of "KYC".  Of course that's completely ridiculous, as the controls for knowing your customer are supposed to be when you open your account, not as an excuse to keep your money after you've made a deposit.  
Why should you trust a bitcoin bank that has never had an independent financial audit of both fiat and bitcoin that insures a tiny fraction of total deposits? Especially when so many of them have been hacked?
Equally scary is the alternative, using a service that matches you with a local stranger who hopefully is honest and not a violent criminal.
Well we think that not having a choice sucks, and this is why we are building Novauri.  Our design philosophy is simple: build a bitcoin purchase and sale service that builds on bitcoins strengths and keeps users in control of their money.  With Novauri your money is fully controlled by you.  We dont pool funds or have access to your private keys.  Novauri runs on proven technologies and is designed from the ground up by a team with many decades of experience building high risk financial products.  Security like two-factor authentication and secondary passwords are standard.  
Oh, and there's another thing.  Because we don't pretend to be a bank, we dont have to pay for the expensive security and insurance required to keep shared deposits safe.  Our average prices will be lower than competitors because we are designed to be safe and dont act like a bitcoin bank.
We believe the community wants an alternative that respects you enough to let you control your money.  Please sign up for our beta to prove the demand is there.  Our beta will go live in March or April of 2015.  
Please show us your support and sign up.  We won't spam you with email, and will keep what little information we are asking for safe.  Thanks.
@_date: 2015-05-16 14:43:26
@_date: 2015-05-16 14:38:50
It needs to be very simple and less edgy.
@_date: 2015-05-05 02:24:08
Novauri isn't a mass adoption play or consumer financial services bank knockoff.  It's a semi-decentralized boutique exchange that offers user controlled wallet architecture with 3rd party wallet friendly functionality.  We're not trying to do anything more than this with Novauri in terms of a consumer play.  The exchange was always meant to be a pilot so we could develop a platform that other wallets can use to buy and sell bitcoin in order to outsource compliance risk in a way that doesn't require them to work with a partial competitor.  That's our market, it's not consumer direct.  It's an engine.
If we decide to go consumer direct, and we have seriously considered it, we'll likely rename it to something else.
That said, I think conventional wisdom about naming companies so people can read them with 3rd grade educations is overblown.  
What if I named the service "Francois Depardieu"?  You would probably not like that.  Yet the  most valuable brand in the world is "Louis Vuitton".   "Cisco".  What the @ is a Cisco you say?  It's the  most valuable brand in the world, that's what.  "Disney", what is a Disney?  A "Marlboro"?  Verizon? That sounds like something you should see a doctor about.  What about Prada, Adidas, or Allianz?  Are any of these more or less confusing than "Novauri"?  Not really.
The truth is, bitcoin isn't ready for mainstream, and the users of the service could care less what it's called, they care that it doesn't try to take control of their bitcoin.
Look, I am a user of bitcoin and have been for nearly five years.  I am 100% confident I could name this service antidisestablishmentarianismconfusingbucks.com and people would want to use it.  Why???  
Because we are the only US exchange service that isn't building a retrostyle bank around bitcoin.  We're letting users control their private keys.  We don't make our users jump through hoops, and our values are right down the center on this.  That's what matters.  It's not about fancy interfaces, marketing or other BS with bitcoin early adopters.  It's about ideas and values.  
Wait and see if our ideas and values matters to the people who actually use bitcoin.  See if they become our customers and abandon companies that invested millions in fancy marketing, naming, and color choices.  We'll see.
@_date: 2015-05-05 03:03:20
You realize I didn't even so much as mention my company and this was 100% a blog post about Fedcoin, right?  If I was scamming people, do you think I would have spent the last 7 months making sure the service was safe?  Wouldn't we just release it and steal everyones' money?  Oh, and would we put our personal bios up on the site?  Also, notice half of us are over the hill?  No one can outrun the police on my team except a few of the young ones.  We're all scarred up ex-financial services people who have worked in this industry all of our lives, had plenty of opportunities to do bad things, but didn't.  We're not fraudsters. Wow, just wow.
@_date: 2015-08-11 06:56:57
Send us an email and if it seems like a good fit we can discuss.
@_date: 2015-08-05 14:44:04
Yes, you had it.  It was just case sensitivity and punctuation from there.  We'll do another one soon.
@_date: 2015-08-05 13:46:08
Maybe.  Send in your github!
@_date: 2015-08-05 14:40:33
Correct!  Someone else swept it less than 60 minutes ago.  We'll do more soon.  Nice work.
@_date: 2015-08-11 13:55:05
and you are removing my post because the guidelines state that "trades" are not accepted?  specifically flagged down a moderator to make up a new rule to specifically target my post because you don't like it?  Are you serious?
Hint, those companies Lucas mentioned already DO post jobs here and have for YEARS.  I'm trying to get a startup off the ground and you are targeting me unfairly while leaving my competition completely untouched!
You sure weren't deleting [Coinbase's posts](  And there are dozens more by Coinbase by the way.  Search if you don't believe me. 
[What about Overstock?](
[How about Mt. Gox?](
[Bitcoin Investment Trust?](
[Capital One?](
[Even reddit posts jobs here!](
I could keep going, there are countless more posts, and I think you get the point.  
First, a ban on "trading" bitcoin has nothing to do with posting jobs, and second, removing my posts hiring developers while leaving other companies intact is picking and choosing winners.
You either need to post a rule that is consistently enforced on all companies, or let people hire talent in this subreddit.  Personally, with 90% of the stuff in this subreddit as viral marketing BS, I fail to see how an actual job for developers hiring from the community is a bad thing, but whether my opinion is right or not is irrelevant, your conduct removing my post is inconsistent and unfair.
I would like to get clarification on what seems to me to be the inconsistent enforcement of forum rules that don't exist.
@_date: 2015-08-05 06:10:16
UPDATE: solved!  Impressive.   The solution details are available by clicking on the link above.  The original message follows below.  We'll do another one of these again soon.
Novauri is a US bitcoin brokerage under development since late 2014. 
**We are renaming ourselves bridge21.**
bridge21 features a 100% user controlled wallet design that keeps your bitcoin in your control at all times. You dont have to trust us, because we never have access to you private keys. Our service is designed to work with 3rd party wallets as well, so you can buy bitcoin and have it sent directly to your paper or hardware wallet. Were very close, and planning to start our public beta in late Q3 or early Q4. Stay tuned and sign up on our home page.
**Enough, show me the money.**
We decided to do something clever when promoting our new name.  
[This link]( goes to a page with an image.  The image is a riddle.  If you figure out the answer, run it through SHA256 one time. The hash in hex is a bitcoin private key. The first lucky winner who figures it out controls an address with ONE MILLION BITS.
If no one gets it in a day or two, we'll drop some hints.  Good luck!
@_date: 2015-08-10 22:20:25
Hi, Will from bridge21 here.  bridge21 (formerly Novauri) is hiring another software engineer, specifically someone already up to speed with Rails.
[Click here to view the open position on our website.](
bridge21 is bitcoin purchase and sale service that features a 100% user controlled wallet design.  Our customers always have custody of their bitcoin.  This means our employees cannot steal, freeze, or seize your funds.  Our service works with 3rd party wallets, so if you want to buy bitcoin and have it sent directly to a hardware or paper wallet, that's not only OK, we encourage it.
Our service is nearly ready for beta, and we have thousands of people signed up and ready to go.
Join us in finishing up the service and releasing it this year.  If you are interested in hearing more, send your github, work you are particularly proud of, CV etc to careers
[Read more here.](
@_date: 2015-08-13 02:54:12
Please define "value".
Hint: It's a trick.  Get an axe.
@_date: 2015-07-03 05:27:28


Here's the thing...  You know "the government"?  It's made up of people.  The overlapping boards of the transnational corporations?  Also people.  
People evolved from primates, who evolved from rodent like mammals, who evolved from mammal like reptiles, and not too long before that we were all amphibians.  
Reptiles didn't have "supposed to" or "rights".  They ate each other.  The biggest reptile lived, and the little ones were eaten. 
We're not that much different today.  The people who hustle make it to the top, and the ones that wait get the scraps.  Unfortunately most that make it to the top had to do some pretty competitive things to beat everyone else out and get there, and some of that almost invariably was what passive people sitting around waiting would call immoral, unethical, or whatever.
Now, do you think the people who were hungry and ate the little fish, and did anything they could to work their way to the top care about keeping the "government" operating at the same level as "the people"?
Hell no.  They ate the people to get up there.  They want to keep eating people and use the government to stay at the top.  And don't think for a minute that if the people being eaten were at the top that it would be any different.  Within a few weeks they would be eating their old masters.
Sorry state of human affairs, but yeah, best get a reality check.  The more we can do to replace things involving humans with math, the better off we're going to be.  Unless it involves giant killer robots.  That might be bad, especially if they also like to eat people.
@_date: 2015-08-11 04:21:02
Seriously. What is this, Monday blues meets late summer vacation time?  
Lots of great, serious applications, but I'm used to arguing with trolls.  Defending myself from smart, creative people who are either working for a competitor or certifiably insane is half the reason I come to this foresaken subreddit.  
@_date: 2015-08-15 02:28:44
I like itbit (really) and I am not drawing parallels.  Settlement systems are so bad that they can probably help in some way even it it is just a standard setting between institutions.
But... do you know how much money these same companies spent on "Y2K"?
Hint: smart people can be incredibly stupid when they are afraid and act in groups.
Edit Hint (2+ weeks later when only some will read...): sometimes fear is the only way smart people have an excuse to act in a way they know, deep down, is in everyones' best interests...
@_date: 2015-08-14 12:16:08
+1 for George Carlin, may he R.I.P. in peace.
@_date: 2015-08-04 04:48:12
No, he called someone's analysis considering the cap "thoughtful" but said it was a "slippery slope".  You are quoting him out of context and changing the meaning of what he said.
@_date: 2015-07-08 13:00:04
110101002 strikes again.
@_date: 2015-07-08 06:39:51
This is actually.... not bad?  Wow.  I'll read this more over the weekend.  
@_date: 2015-07-01 20:27:15
I don't care.  This is a post about the block size debate, specifically a silly napkin drawing.  I'm here for the napkin drawing.  It's funny.  You are not.  
Get a room.  Holy @
@_date: 2015-08-11 19:11:21
Should have been deleted???  Come on...  If you consider hiring someone advertising a "trade", then you have a lot of deleting to do.
The companies in this industry mostly trade as their core product.  Any exchange or brokerage that announces they are now doing business in NY (e.g. Coinsetter on the front page right now) is advertising a trade of $$$ for bitcoin to anyone in the entire state of NY!  That actually is an advertisement for a trade in a massive scale, as opposed to you two picking on my tiny startup that is trying to find a single ruby developer to fix our UX up a bit.
Either rewrite the guidelines to be clear, and stop stretching the definition of a "trade" to things that it doesn't apply to.  Better yet, stop censoring the subreddit.  This is the stuff of a mass exodus in the making, right here.  Completely unbelievable!  
@_date: 2015-07-22 15:03:13
I don't think there's a need to hope.  Unless it's an existential issue like a security problem, scaling log jam, or someone finding collisions in SHA256 and RIPEMD160, I think we're pretty close to the protocol crystallizing, like it or not.  There's just too much being built on top of and around it to make big changes.
@_date: 2015-08-11 16:04:07
Tomorrow?  They already do post jobs here and have for years.  Why are you targeting my company unfairly?
@_date: 2015-08-13 20:22:15


My understanding is that lightning requires relative CLTV.  Are you saying that bitcoin supports relative CLTV today?  That's news to me.  
If not, that's an alt coin, just like XT, because it requires a change to the bitcoin protocol.
@_date: 2015-07-07 11:37:29
i like the idea of lightning networks.  Operating word: idea.
Calling a working option inefficient and wasteful next to one that is not working is like calling solar power inefficient and wasteful compared to antimatter power generators.  True? Yes, possibly, but  how can I be sure when one does not exist.
What is wrong with buying coffee on the blockchain?  Some really sloppy but close enough math, one mb of storage costs around $0.000024 and allows 1 transaction per second for an average block, or around 4,000 transactions on one mb.  If There are around 4,000 active nodes, the cost to store that cup of coffee us $0.000024.  If there are 400,000 nodes, it's $0.0024.
That cost drops precipitously, way faster than broadband growth rates, 100% every 1.5 years.  Sorry, I am not seeing why we can't plan on using bitcoin to buy coffee economically, especially with Moore's law and spv clients.
@_date: 2015-07-01 07:31:00
I am on the dev mailing list and read every note, even the obnoxious process debates.  The majority of people who actually have or do commit code are in favor of increasing the size.  There is discussion around the mechanics of how to implement increases.
It's all public, by the way.  See below.
@_date: 2015-07-01 20:31:20
LOL back at you.
@_date: 2015-07-23 01:58:38
Technically the message limit was 32mb which is not the same limit as the 1mb max_block_size instituted in July 2010 (? think so).  Either way, these facts are well known and already accounted for in the various BIPs and release candidates.  
@_date: 2015-07-05 17:35:02
Not unless someone, you know, actually does something about it.
@_date: 2015-07-01 14:03:15
Yes, and broadband rates get faster slower compared to storage and processing, but when you extend the 50% speed increases we've seen annually in broadband connectivity 100mb by 2023 is going to be about as demanding as sending a small email is today...
@_date: 2015-07-01 08:16:05
Those are serious allegations.  What you linked and posted does not substantiate the allegations.
@_date: 2015-07-15 09:55:25
I = like = chocolate = cake.
@_date: 2015-08-11 00:14:00
Well, this is certainly a lot quieter than normal.
@_date: 2015-07-05 15:15:40
So let's petition them.
@_date: 2015-08-13 20:23:34
I read this as "Gemini Leaves New York" for a second, and I was having trouble mentally reconciling.  Genesis.  Right.
@_date: 2015-07-10 03:17:26
You guys really haven't figured it out yet?
@_date: 2015-07-29 19:43:41


I hope people read first and make damn well sure they are contributing something useful before they write.  It gets really, really spammy in there.  To the point that people can't keep up and quit participating.  Sorry to be a downer, but it makes my eyeballs hurt sometimes.
@_date: 2015-08-11 18:25:53
There is nothing in the policy that prohibits posting job opportunities in this subreddit.  
What you "care" about is irrelevant.  The guidelines are right over there in the sidebar &gt;
This rule:


has nothing to do with developers and startups talking about open positions at crypto companies.  It talks about trading bitcoin.
This type of moderation is not only inconsistent, it doesn't even follow the community guidelines posted in the sidebar.
That's ridiculous.  You are abusing your relationship with a moderator to enforce rules that don't exist.  I'm not going to take that sitting down.  I'm going to make sure everyone knows.
@_date: 2015-07-01 20:49:30
I was going to use a lot more words to say what you did in six.
Even if you somehow agree with this laughably dangerous ideology that letting some people monitor everyones' electronic communications is a net benefit for society, and the benefits outweigh the costs, even if he ever pulled it off, forcing software companies to incorporate back doors into their products and then giving access to general law enforcement would cause so much identity theft and financial fraud that it simply wouldn't work.  Smart criminals would simply use older versions of open source software or create their own, everyone else would have their information at risk, but I guess David gets to be a peeping tom.
I really don't get it. Even if this guy was literally bought and 100% paid for by Satan himself, even Satan would know that the damage this would cause to his existing sources of revenue would outweigh the benefit of being able to spy on everyone and read his neighbor's mail.  Satan would say, well, sure I would love to read all of your communications and use that information to plot how I can damn your souls to eternal damnation, but it would mean that my eCommerce companies would no longer be profitable.  I would have to lay off a lot of demons and probably delay the next war by a few quarters.  Satan would quickly tell old Davie to rethink his position on encryption.
He's just... he's an idiot.  He really is.  There's no other explanation.
Let's start calling David Cameron "Peeping Tom".  It's quite apt.  Or perhaps "Peeping Tard"?
@_date: 2015-07-02 23:25:09
I think UXTO is probably only going to be a problem for miners who need to validate new blocks quickly for profit.  Nodes can just use SSD storage to store the UXTO.  If we don't let the transaction rate increase too rapidly, the UXTO growth will stay under storage growth short term.  UXTO growth was never a threat long term, at least after the dust issue was fixed.  
But hey, write a white paper.  Would love to see it.  Sounds like a practical thing to do.
@_date: 2015-07-01 21:20:43


 
Honestly, it's a bit of a stretch.  Bitcoiners are a hybrid of objectivists, computer scientists, austrian economists, and angst ridden teenagers.  There are many that are sheep following their favorite personality, but most of those personalities are not going to have much in common with Blythe.  
Look, to be somewhat positive, she definitely stands a better chance than a man with her background.   I say this because it's widely known that a good chunk of our population is male, single, and living in a dim basement while subsisting on a diet of mountain dew and cheetos, but still, eh... well, good luck and I hope she likes a challenge.
@_date: 2015-07-22 11:22:24
We either need decentralized payment systems, many more payment systems so there is competition, or, if we are stuck with an oligopoly, the last and least desirable better outcome is to have some basic rights around access to the handful of payment systems backed by legal precedent.
Unfortunately this will turn into a form of economic net neutrality, but it sure beats the alternative.
Not a big backpage user personally, but I sure don't want law enforcement making moral judgements for me.  I'm pretty sure that's called being judge, jury, and executioner, right?
Separation of powers, please.
@_date: 2015-07-01 20:23:43
I don't know this individual in person, but have had interesting and positive discussions on various forums.  I'm not here to defend them, and am not really very interested in the outcome of whatever legal proceedings were linked above.
I have six points:
1) I think makes an excellent point above and I largely agree.
2) Whatever legal proceedings issues purportedly involving this individual have absolutely no bearing or relevance to the statements made by the individual, because the statements stand on their own and do not rely on the individual's honesty to be true.  
3) Posting links to off topic legal proceedings and tying it to someone's reddit handle during a debate about an entirely different topic is doxing.  You are making a clear attempt to smear this person's reputation in an attempt to either shame them publicly and/or take credibility away from their points without addressing the points directly.  
4) I find this type of behavior to be distasteful, intellectually dishonest, and in stark contrast with the type of open, fact based discussions I feel we should be having about this subject. 
5) I think you should delete the content of those posts immediately.
6) I think you should win arguments with logic and facts, rather than with red herrings and character assassination.
Edit: I see you have a personal gripe with this person.  It's a shame that you have to derail this debate with personal issues.  It would be a lot more dignified if you deleted the content of those posts and settled your disputes elsewhere.
@_date: 2015-07-01 06:58:27
20mb is not anyones' current proposal and your conspiracy theory around increasing the block size is hysterical and ludicrous.






All the core developers, huh?  Right.
We are going to fork, the cap is going to raise, and if we have to expose a few shills in order to get there, well, I for one won't lose any sleep over it.
@_date: 2015-07-22 11:15:10
Everything is arbitrary...  No more chatting.  Take a stand.  
Go with 8mb because the Chinese support it, it's lots of headroom, and it's still small enough to let amateurs run full nodes on their home computers.
A 40% annual rate of increase would also be ideal so we never have to revisit this mess again.  Ever.
Serendipitously, 8mb is almost exactly 40% annual growth from 1mb if we start the clock in January 2009.  You won't find a better arbitrary number than 8mb.
Just do it already!
@_date: 2015-07-07 13:42:27
No more than you are working on Canary Wharf vapourware.
I think lightning networks are interesting and less flawed than side chains, but I do not appreciate people promoting them at bitcoin's expense.  Bitcoin is the first and by far the most robust globally operating electronic cash protocol.  It's amazing and absolutely not analogous to a fax machine.  
@_date: 2015-07-22 11:30:03
Fantastic.  Glad to hear it.  When it's ready adoption will be the biggest non-event ever in the history of anti-climactic endings, filed somewhere under "common sense". Have a nice day.
@_date: 2015-07-15 09:53:52
Now we are talking.
@_date: 2015-07-04 02:12:39
Nice work!
@_date: 2015-07-01 09:03:49
8mb is proposed, not 100mb.  The example using 100mb was to illustrate how broadband grows over time, not what is required today.
@_date: 2015-08-15 04:23:42
AstroTurf?  There is no investment money pushing XT, although the majority support it. There is money behind groups who want to keep the blocksize small.
@_date: 2015-07-01 19:55:24
My position is not based on faith in someone else's opinion, Satoshi's or otherwise (although I will admit to using that quote yesterday while arguing with someone else).
[Nielsen's Law of Internet Bandwidth](
Also, this may make the entire discussion around Chinese internet bottlenecks and broadband completely irrelevant.  
[Radio bitcoin block propagation.](
@_date: 2015-07-07 14:55:56
Lighting is neat, but people suck.  This max_block_size debate has been politically co-opted to a much greater extent than past changes.  Bitcoin isn't big enough to naturally have this level of political operation.  
I'm convinced it's the VC money in large part fueling the debate; more specifically, the need to deliver results to investors motivating involved developers to skew their perspective, even if only subconsciously.  
When you have money or a paycheck tied up in something, and you talk to other people that are paid to work on the same something all day, you naturally become affiliated and biased in favor of that something.  You learn things on a deeper level that others don't know about, and this becomes justification for diminishing everything else by comparison.  It's sure happened to me personally, and it happens to everyone all the time.
That's really unfortunate, because in the long run, I think they are cutting off their nose to spite their face!
@_date: 2015-07-02 20:41:31
So... I've been trying the whole "play dumb and let them think of it" thing and it's getting old.  
Well said.  Close... but not quite.  The entire debate is completely stupid.  You are there except for your last sentence... see 4 below.
1) Using the block size to put "pressure on fees" is completely unnecessary and idiotic.  The price of bitcoin takes care of that without requiring caps.  
There's this fear that if we don't artificially constrain the size of blocks, the price of bitcoin won't go up, miners won't make any money, and will therefore go out of business.
Newsflash, if the price of bitcoin is very low, the fees are also denominated in bitcoin so it doesn't matter. When the fees are denominated in bitcoin, the market can just adjust to a new exchange rate to value the bitcoin protocol and network.  We don't need artificial constraints.  Anyone advocating caps for this reason needs to stop.
2) Moving averages are also DUMB.  Why?  Because:
2a) we just illustrated that caps to constrain the size to force fees higher (competition for blocks) are completely redundant with the price of bitcoin that rewards miners. 
2b) transaction volumes are NOT consistent day to day or week to week.  They change drastically hour to hour.  Also, what about black friday?  What about big news that causes people to jump in or out of the market?
All moving averages do is create artificial drag on transaction volume changes.  They are stupid also.
3) Voting is stupid.  Why?  Why vote?  Miners can already cap were they like and choose transactions for blocks they solve.  Why do we need a voting dynamic?  The full nodes are the unrewarded players who are stuck with the storage space, the miners aren't.  It's just stupid, arbitrary, and dumb.  Not worth the extra complexity.  Sorry.
4) Finally... what's left?  There is a reason to stop the blocks from getting huge.  What is it?  We don't want a 10 TB download when most normal people run computers that maybe have 500 MB!  So we do need a simple cap that scales gradually.
It's about keeping full nodes accessible to normal hobbyists who don't run data centers.  Why?  Simple.  Because centralizing nodes makes the network an easier target for anyone who would like to take it down or mess with it.  No shortage of people there.
So what do you do?  A simple scaling max block size that grows just under the growth rate of the lesser of broadband, storage, and processing power.  That happens to be broadband, and the rate is 50% annually.
Set it to 8MB soon, set the stupid cap to grow at whatever interval as long as it compounds to less than 50% annually, and you have a winner. 
Anyone who says differently should be stabbed in the eye with a snail fork.
RWAAAARW.  I'm really fighting not to send this out in the dev mailing list.  You can't do that you see.  You have to play stupid and let them think they thought of it.  It's incredibly frustrating. 
@_date: 2015-07-01 07:04:09
@_date: 2015-07-20 20:31:08
I can't see this being bittorrent to the music industry with VC money involved...
Unless bittorrent paid micro fees to it's sponsors in a way that was separate and distinct from the way it shared files....
There will likely be other interesting applications behind however they do settlement.  I'm extremely curious to see what comes out of this effort.  
Here's to this not becoming i2hub and skipping straight to bittorrent.
@_date: 2015-07-22 11:08:13
Get it out there, remind us to download it, and let's get this silliness over with.  I've never seen so much drama and provocation over what is essentially a configuration change in a few spots. 
No bitcoin owner and user wants centralization of nodes with a massive blockchain, it would be bad for the price.
No bitcoin owner wants permanently capped blocks, it would be bad for the price.
All bitcoin needs is the price discovery mechanics it already includes and a spam safe cap that doesn't unduly restrict adoption.
@_date: 2015-07-03 17:34:45
Correct.  Fractional Reserve banking doesn't collapse on itself naturally at all if the ratio of debt to GDP (using non-propagandized measurement systems) remains stable and in acceptable proportions.  
There's of course risk, because if a systemic shock (war, social uprising, incompetent or corrupt governance, etc) causes that balance to swing too far in the wrong direction, it can cause a hyperinflationary collapse.
It's not ponzi scheme at all, and great point about not requiring more members to work.  It's a massive, invisible, globally interconnected wealth redistribution system that operates entirely outside of direct public control, and partially outside of the control of the public's elected representatives.  It's sort of worked too, but it is worth thinking about other ways to make things run.
That said, and this will cause me to lose points, but I have serious concerns about social stratification in systems where there is no mechanism to re-balance wealth from the rich to the poor.
People are greedy, it's evolutionary self-preservation.  The greediest and smartest tend to accumulate the most wealth.  
There's a definite positive correlation between income gaps in societies and their subsequent collapses.  Correlation doesn't always imply causation, but it's disturbing.  It's also not a system that lets the most people lead fulfilled, relatively comfortable lives with constantly improving standards, which is a lot of the point.
If we had a hard currency that was completely untraceable and nontaxable, greatly reducing any governance system's ability to tax, the disparity between the rich and poor would likely grow, and we could unknowingly usher in an anarchistic period followed by a rebirth as a technocratic oligarchy.
I'm not a Phd in this stuff or anything, and while I'm very aware that precious metals have acted as hard currency for millennia, I'm not aware of a system of government using hard currency that didn't collapse under its own weight.  Bitcoin has many of the same properties.  I don't want any governance system controlling bitcoin, but I think socially we would need to agree to basic safety nets and to actually pay taxes for them.  I like the idea of forcing governance to actually tax to pay for spending, but I'm afraid that the peoples' willingness to pay tax (their own greed) could inadvertently cause a deflationary collapse of their own governments, with them coming out of it with something far less "free" on the other end.
I'm not saying that fractional reserve banking is the answer at all, but I'm also relatively skeptical that a world currency that is hard wouldn't fundamentally shift the world towards anarchy that would eventually reemerge with a technocratic aristocracy controlling the majority of digital cash and deciding how to spend it on their serfs.  People are greedy, and there aren't more enlightened people who will be in control when it's bitcoin.  It will still be people, and they will still be selfish even at the expense of others' lives (literally), just like now.
I don't think that will come to pass, but I have yet to see anyone figure out how to prevent this from happening or a meaningful example from history of a hard currency system working for a long time without imploding.
@_date: 2015-07-01 10:00:57
I didn't call developers shills, I'm calling shills shills.
Some other issues, Adam isn't a bitcoin developer:
Note: that does not mean I'm calling Adam a shill.  If no developers are shills, but some non-developers are shills, this does not mean all non-developers are shills...
I figured I would just get out in front of that one.  Please stop making things up.  Good night.
@_date: 2015-08-13 16:20:13
Well, I've been called worse.  
I deleted my posts because you made a bunch of inflammatory remarks and I took the bait.  While I responded with what I believe and I stand by the points, I wrote the responses in a manner that I'm not comfortable with.
If you can dispense with the hyperbole and engage in a civil, rational, and fact based based discussion, I'm happy to talk at great length about why everything you said is a terrible idea. 
But other than that, sorry, not interested in an internet cat fight with you.  
By the way, you are grossly violating the community guidelines.  Even bitcoin-XT is considered an alt-coin, so posts about lightning networks in a blocksize thread are completely inappropriate.  
I think lightning networks propaganda needs to be viewed the same way as XT in this subreddit and has no legitimate place in a blocksize discussion.
Shouldn't this post be removed as per the community guidelines, if we are going to be consistent?  
@_date: 2015-07-01 09:33:16


2. an assertion made with little or no proof.
@_date: 2015-08-07 18:50:20
There are reasons some people would like to buy a non-reloadable virtual prepaid card with bitcoin directly without registering.  It could be a birthday gift, or... layering.  
The denominations are small, but if they ever go over 10k a day, BAM, you will become a provider of prepaid access.  Also, I'm guessing from the absence of any sort of agreement or privacy policy that VISA isn't authorizing the use of the brand, and you guys aren't the program managers of the card.  It's probably another virtual card, and you folks are operating a bitcoin for fiat exchange, where you buy virtual cards for fiat, and sell them to people online for bitcoin?  That makes you a money transmitter according to FinCEN.  
You also don't list their issuing bank for the prepaid card... so it's pretty clearly a non-reloadable virtual prepaid card issued by someone else and resold by these guys.
Seriously... you guys should talk to a good lawyer before you advertise or do transactions.  You need to be very careful.  FinCEN might let you off with a warning for operating an unlicensed money service business, but if they find you doing ANYTHING else remotely illegal, hello jail.  They can put you in jail for simply doing what you appear to be doing here as well, so you really need to watch out.  
I would take this offline asap and talk to a good lawyer.  Unless I am wildly off, you should also go register as a money service business with FinCEN right away.  This still doesn't clear you, but it beats doing nothing.  
Don't say I didn't warn you.  Be careful, and get legal advice.  Even call FinCEN directly and ask them.  Better safe than jail time.
@_date: 2015-07-01 07:11:15
So you think the way to handle this is to dox the guy?  Epic party foul.
@_date: 2015-07-01 14:06:51


+1.  Also I would like to hear more from the other top committers to the repo as well as miners.  They should be more public in agreeing to a scheme.  This "debate" is powered mostly by hot air and politicking and should be a computer science discussion. 
@_date: 2015-07-22 02:48:03
I chuckled.  +1
@_date: 2015-07-03 04:07:04
Except the national debt is not like a household budget, because we create money out of thin air to make the interest payments on the debt.  When the money is created it dilutes all other money already in existence, and also devalues the debt itself that is owed.  It's a clever form of stealth taxation.  Cute metaphors, but they aren't helping anyone understand more about how the system works.
The options are:
1) raise the ceiling or 
2) suffer a total deflationary currency collapse.
@_date: 2015-07-02 01:13:17
Tongue in cheek if that wasn't apparent.  You'll see it's not irrelevant, in time.  Good luck.
@_date: 2015-07-01 21:08:27
Isn't it odd the way people who actually own bitcoin seem to have similar views around what should be done with block size?
Simple, conservative increases that keep the resource requirements required to run a full node just under the decreases in cost related to network, storage and processing power for the amateur.  
No one that has a significant interest in bitcoin is going to want an extremely complicated solution to an arbitrary cap instituted to prevent spam.  Why not?  It's not an efficient solution for the problem and is highly risky (i.e. hurts bitcoin and chances are will lower the price).
They also don't want bitcoin to stagnate, or for the block size to grow at a rate that chokes adoption.  Why?  Bad for bitcoin (see price).  
They won't want it to grow super fast either, centralizing full nodes.  Why?  Centralization makes bitcoin vulnerable to attack by governments or organized groups.  Which... wait for it... hurts the price.
It's the price.  Simple.  Long past time to go on a witch hunt.  I'm going to go get my torch and pitchfork.
@_date: 2015-07-22 14:54:06
I get it, there's a balance between openness and wanting to go to work in the morning. 
It's easy to see why regulation is so appealing.  It's unethical to steer or railroad a debate when you have a conflicting economic interest, and even more unethical if you don't openly disclose the conflict.  In the securities world, this is called market manipulation or insider trading.  It's criminal activity.
Well, we have some unethical people, but I think we also have an obligation to avoid the temptation to regulate.  Regulation and written rules for humans create unintended consequences, feedback loops, inefficiencies, and generally freeze up progress.  This is how we ended up with the anachronistic legal and financial systems that this technology can hopefully replace someday.
Whoever does the work makes the decision, but I would be very careful to find the right balance in order to retain popular support.  The last thing we need is some kind of silly nerd civil war on our hands.
@_date: 2015-07-07 13:32:06
Just because something is subsidized by a government doesn't make it "free".  For example, if you live in the US, the "fee" on cash is absorbed as part of the Secret Service, the US Treasury, and merchants who must handle and transport it safely.  Most of the cost is subsidized by US tax payers and merchants.
[This recent study put the cost of cash in the US alone at $200 billion.](
I find this figure to be questionable and certainly not balanced evenly against the financial fraud caused by our leaky electronic payment systems, but still, cash isn't "free". 
Not so great, huh?
@_date: 2015-07-06 00:51:33
No one is going to "crack" the "block chain protocol".  Why not?
1) It's not called the "block chain protocol".
2) Bitcoin's cryptography is the same used by every bank and eCommerce company.  It can also be upgraded.  Hash functions regularly become obsolete when "collisions" are detected, i.e., when two different inputs produce the same digest.  There is plenty of time to upgrade to a new, more secure hash function after collisions are detected.  This happens every so often, it's not a catastrophe, and it's been considered already by those maintaining the protocol at length.
3) If collisions are detected in SHA256 or RIPEMD160, bitcoin will simply hard fork and start using more advanced hash functions.
Sorry, I don't like leaving litter like this on the internet unanswered.  Someone might read this individual's post and think there is a real risk, when the poster is in fact an idiot impersonating someone who knows what they are talking about.
@_date: 2015-08-05 08:14:15
Definitely bits.  1 million bitcoin is over 7% of all bitcoin that exists right now, including lost bitcoin.  Not winning the state lottery, more like winning a few poker games.
@_date: 2015-07-22 13:06:09


The bolded parts were added for emphasis.  While I understand that it's difficult to work in what could be called a kiddie-pool of petulant children and provocateurs, some of the wording here concerns me and could bifurcate the community and diminish support.
The big questions will be, how does one define "professional" and "moderation"?  And, while I completely agree that the angsty teenager vibe of the dev mailing list has put off talented developers (I know quite a few who stopped reading because of the spam), and throttled corporate support, any changes to moderate communication based on a subjective definition of "ultra-aggressive" or "professional" and/or centralize control of the project might backfire.
These words will be labeled "censorship" and "centralization".  In truth, the label makers will have a valid point.
I'm not sure if this manifesto is finished, but it sounds politically charged, and this is not a great time for adding politically charged topics to the witches' cauldron of the block size debate.  I think the timing here is ill advised, and depending on what is meant by the above, the idea itself may create forks.
Can't we just get a version of core out that has 8mb blocks scaling at 40% a year, and work on the manifestos, moderation (which will be called censorship and centralization) later?  Baby steps?
@_date: 2015-07-02 21:42:58
That sounds like tree chains?  Peter Todd's stuff.  Went cold at some point.  There were some technical holdups.
The best solution right now is going to be simple and effective long term with the fewest things people can pick at.  If we're having trouble being trolled for a simple step increase, we're never, ever going to get tree chains, side chains, or whatever in time to not choke the network.  Nope.  It's 8MB with a step increase adding up to under 50% a year.  It has to be!
@_date: 2015-07-20 20:58:12
Sure... you provide the early arbitration at a loss, so escrow is extremely trustworthy beyond expectations.  This encourages rapid growth.  When it scales, you are the defacto arbitrator, a "Lloyds of London" of the decentralized auction world, if you will.  You pivot to a for-profit model which is easy to do because of the scale involved.  
Thanks for the insight.  That makes sense.
@_date: 2015-07-17 03:09:59
I agree with you only insofar as we agree that they are a contagious disease.
@_date: 2015-07-07 11:44:06
Wouldn't a more apt comparison be calling bitcoin email and lightning networks telepathy?
See, I can send an email or a fax.  While more efficient, I cannot instantly communicate with people using my mind, and I can't buy coffee with a payment channel transaction.
@_date: 2015-07-15 11:42:46
It seems the same right now but it's absolutely not.  
First, asymmetries in the Transferwise model require a float of local currency and arrangements with banks in receiving Countries.  A Bitcoin remittance company just needs an exchange account and a bank with access to spot currency markets.  If the company also runs the exchange the costs are significantly lower still.  It's too early and the exchanges are still thin, not terribly robust, and risky from a regulatory and infosec perspective.
The other obvious difference... Bitcoin itself has the potential to act as a currency and to some extent will, even today.
@_date: 2015-07-15 11:18:28


I agree (right now), but WU has little to fear from Transferwise as well.  Transferwise only works efficiently when the flow of currency between two Countries is roughly symmetrical.  It doesn't work for remitting money from rich to poor Countries because it functions by sending equal amounts of money locally in both Countries to offset the need for international remittance and the associated FX and correspondent banking settlement expenses.
@_date: 2015-04-13 22:06:02
I'm pretty sure it has something to do with model trains.  Or free lunches.
@_date: 2015-04-13 22:04:31
We can raise the block size and enthusiasts can still run full nodes and not be forced into SPV clients.
Raise the block size cap by 1.254% every 2016 blocks along with difficulty and you will have a very incremental, not at all disruptive annual increase in size of 40% each calendar year.
If blocks were actually solved every 10 minutes, 1.355% would be the ideal rate, but the time is closer to 9 minutes because hash rate power increases after difficulty adjustments skew the number under 10 minutes.
I really don't see how this isn't the best of both worlds.  
1) bitcoin doesn't go off blockchain into centralized services 
2) we don't have to rely on ideas like sidechains and 
3) no one is forced out to the edges of the system, because costs will come down faster than the block size increases
Who wants to argue about this?  Bring it on!
@_date: 2015-04-08 04:49:14
I blame the Canadians.  It's fun to do.  
@_date: 2015-04-14 23:52:38
The white paper and other documents outline various "implementations" of side chains.  
If blockstream is spending development money on open source mining software that will handle merged mining and make it more accessible for hobbyists that would win MANY points with me.  I would like to see that very much.
I wouldn't be so dismissive of attacks on side chains by malicious pools.  There could be unscrupulous traders colluding with pools to manipulate prices, or any other number of ways there could be an economic benefit behind disrupting a merged mining scheme.
Again, solid software for merged mining?  +10 points for Blockstream.  I would love to see this if it's real.
@_date: 2015-04-22 01:10:41
Look, you people need to think about things in more of a positive light.  I'm tired of all of the negativity.
Really, think about it for a minute.  If we stop all of this crazy encryption nonsense chances are someone will file your taxes for you and you won't have to deal with the paperwork.
Think of all the time you will save!
@_date: 2015-04-22 16:41:04
Why can't the federal government offer grant money to States contingent on their participation in a national regulatory framework that is consistent?  
It's in everyones' best interest to have a single set of rules with which to comply, including consumer protection.  
This increases efficiency, lowers the cost of compliance, makes it easier to innovate, lowers costs to consumers, and helps everyone, including the States who need the tax revenue from the successful businesses that are now able to exist and grow.
It also means that there is only one set of rules that can change over time, and the amount of thought and planning that can go into changes will be much more focused.
Lawsky seems like a political guy.  Take the BitLicense to the feds, lobby to modernize the BSA and include components of the bitlicense, and then nationalize it through creation of the "Financial Modernization Act" with the associated "Financial Modernization Grant Program" where you offer each State a tidy sum in annual grant money if they replace their State regulation affecting MSB's, virtual currency exchangers/administrators with the rules in the Financial Modernization Act.
@_date: 2015-04-30 00:58:00
I'll believe it when I hear it from Western Union.  
@_date: 2015-04-14 13:07:26


[That's a bold prediction, but it is not supported recent trends in computing power.](
Some predict Moore's Law will collapse in the next 20-40 years.  Some say 600 years.  
My guess is that we will see huge advances in storage capacity related to [quantum spin liquids](
@_date: 2015-04-17 12:14:46
Soon.^TM  (No, really).
@_date: 2015-04-03 00:12:34
That was the date I sent the formal response to the first bitlicense proposal.  I sent them a version with an accurate date.  Thanks for catching that.  Reddit is the best proofreader there is, post publication anyway.
@_date: 2015-04-17 12:01:31
Here's a quiz to go along with your survey:
**Q:** What is the one common quality that the exchanges in your survey possess?
**A:** They all controlled their customers' private keys.
Another quiz question:
**Q:** How could these disasters been avoided, knowing that most people are lazy and will not always remember to sweep their bitcoin to a safer local or multisig wallet, and that all users are vulnerable when an exchange goes down?
**A:** Use services that aren't designed like a bank.
[Sign up for Novauri.](  We aren't a bitcoin bank.  We are a bitcoin purchase and sale service that is designed to let you keep control of your money.  When you register, you create a wallet locally in your computer.   It happens automatically and doesn't require an advanced degree in computer science either.  This HD wallet is then decrypted every time you sign in locally in your computer.   We never see the keys to your wallet, because... they are always decrypted and created locally in your computer.
That means we don't sit on millions of dollars of bitcoin that is largely uninsured and can be stolen by employees or hackers, creating sudden and violent bankruptcies.
So don't be a fool and use Novauri.  We're still offering no transaction fee signups for the time being.  Also we're pretty close to launching the closed beta for the brokerage in the US, so stay tuned!
PS I'm Will from Novauri.  I work there and think it's a good idea.
@_date: 2015-04-17 12:05:14
Dude I can't count the number of exchanges and brokerages that were hacked or ripped off their customers.  Remember bitstamp a few months ago?  They are all designed like stock exchanges.  It's like the early days of the internet when everyone was trying to copy phone books, didn't really know what the @ they were doing, and hadn't thought of facebook, twitter, or instagram yet.
@_date: 2015-09-01 20:45:59
No, I'm still running a TI-99/4A over here.  Not easy getting it hooked up to a dial-up modem and netzero.  
Correct, GB.  I'm old I guess :(.  I'll fix it.
@_date: 2015-04-14 16:15:52


I've read the white paper on sidechains and participated in plenty of discussions about the concept.  The issue I have with sidechains is how they are secured.  
Non-merge mined sidechains require their own consensus system, which almost always is based on proof of work or a proof of work/stake hybrid as no strictly proof of stake consensus systems have survived so far to my knowledge.
This means non-merge mined sidechain will require its own mining infrastructure that is likely to be incompatible with bitcoin's, and will, if it were to become popular, drain demand from hardware used to mine bitcoin, reduce the hash power of the network, and drop the price.  Some might see this as a "safety valve" effect, but people with a vested interest in bitcoin's price will see this as parasitic.  Bluntly, no miner or holder of bitcoin will support any non-merge mined sidechain scheme knowing that it stands to suck the life out of bitcoin and tank the price.  The problem?  These people need to agree to non-merge mined sidechains to make them possible.  So unless the cost is worth the price to those with a vested interest in bitcoin's success, I see non-merge mined sidechains as a non-starter.
Merge mined sidechains are also problematic.  First they are incredibly vulnerable if large bitcoin mining pools shift power to attack them directly.  [This is not unprecedented; see coiledcoin.](   Furthermore, merge mining still contributes to the centralization of mining because in order to be competitive with other miners, you must be able to merge mine for the biggest ROI, and setting up your rig to merge mine many side chains requires far more setup and maintenance.
I'm happy to support sidechains, but I have yet to see an implementation of the idea that isn't either harmful to bitcoin or in some way critically flawed.  I can be convinced otherwise, but haven't so far.  Feel free to try.
@_date: 2015-09-01 18:34:25
Forgot about 
7) BIP100 introduces the possibility of a decreasing max_block_size.  If I'm choosing to invest money into infrastructure, or maybe I nail it and find the next "killer app", now I also have the possibility of the network CONTRACTING and cutting off its ability to support my new, successful, very high transaction volume app.
What do I do?  Well, I better have a backup.  Lightning or a sidechain. Something that is shielded from these crazy miners who could vote to shrink the throughput of the network at any time.
Seriously, BIP100, it sure seems to me that this is pandering to miners in order to create political momentum so we can create more incentive to use lightning and sidechains by decreasing the predictability in throughput on the parent network.
I really don't want to think about things this way, but I believe I see how things work clearly, and this is what it looks like to me.
I don't particularly care for any solution, but at least BIP101 is predictable.  Why on earth would we want to introduce even more uncertainty into a network that the mass media already demonizes as "too volatile".
Come on folks, please see this for what it is.  BIP100 is not good for bitcoin.  Use BIP101 or compromise on a lighter version of it, but don't introduce human vote / decision making into what has been up until now a mathematically sealed system!
@_date: 2015-04-22 11:33:09
Will from Novauri here.  Let me start by saying I just sent some bitcoin to my QT client from Circle and it worked just fine.  We have slightly different ideas about the future of bitcoin, but I've never had an issue with the functionality of their service. 
We opened signups in late October so you must have been in the earliest group.  It's well beyond a demo, the service is 'almost' ready for beta.  We are doing internal testing and some final development. 
If you are in that early group it will be soon-ish.  The only way you can get in earlier is if we put you to work!
@_date: 2015-09-01 18:09:19
This report is well written but far from objective.  The average new PC has 8-16GB or RAM, not 3GB, and the average computer user who runs bitcoin full nodes is not a facebook visiting soccer mom, they skew towards the technical side of things and likely run gaming rigs or more robust hardware.  I would guess the average person who is into bitcoin has 8-16GB of RAM or more on their primary desktop machine.
BIP 100 is *not* "one of the more moderate approaches".  BIP 100 introduces new mechanics that are untested and could wreak all sort of havoc.
Let me list a few of these issues.  I would really appreciate if if someone could provide an intelligent rebuttal to each:
1) The maximum block size *could* double every 2.7 months, leading to growth at rates of 16x + every year.  The only ceiling on this would be the message size limit of 32MB.  
This is far faster than allowed by BIP101 and has the potential to truly put running a full client out of reach of all but professionals.
2) The "voting" mechanism that throws out the bottom 20% and top 20% is a bigger issue than the "21% attack" previously mentioned.  This mechanism creates another tragedy of the commons where there will be an economic incentive for miners to behave badly.
As the report clearly indicates, block propagation times and the risk of orphan blocks disproportionately affect miners with slower connections.  This is why miners in China preferred 8MB over 20MB for the initial increase.  
Mining is a for profit activity, and now we are handing the block size limit over to a vote between miners.  Miners with better connectivity with vote for larger blocks, and those who do not will vote for smaller blocks.  The economics of the situation are unknown, but if a majority of miners calculate that their ability to process 32MB blocks is sufficient that it's worth the risk of orphaned blocks, it is 100% in their best interests to vote the limit to 32MB as soon as they can.  
Conversely, if miners that cannot handle larger blocks form the majority, they will vote the other way, potentially shrinking the cap to levels that are problematic for actual users.
Here's where it gets ugly...
3) What happens when power shifts from a max blocksize mining majority to a smaller blocksize majority?  What about the opposite?  
I believe that changes, like one group developing faster ASICs or getting access to cheaper power will cause the block size limit to swing for reasons completely disconnected from the needs of the network.  
4) Miners do not have a history of behaving in the best interests of bitcoin long term.  They have a history of behaving in ways that will boost their short term profitability, even if it puts the entire network at extreme risk.
A great example is ghash.io.  Ghash.io was the most profitable pool, and people kept using ghash.io all the way up to not 51%, but 54%.  All because it was slightly more profitable to use as a pool vs. using an alternative. Everyone waited until the last possible moment to switch, and went over the line.  Why would we be so foolish to think that this won't happen with max_block_size?
5) How is the variability in the max_block_size, especially given 1, 2, 3, and 4 above, better than a mathematically predictable 8MB doubling every two years?  With BIP101, we can know the max block size.  We can know how many transactions the network will handle on black friday this year.  We know what the throughput will likely be far into the future.  Wouldn't I be more willing to invest in infrastructure around bitcoin, a major marketing campaign around the holidays, or similar if I knew that the network could handle X transactions, vs. having to predict the whims of miners?
6) Mining is already the most centralized component of bitcoin, and we've already had existential issues with ghash.io, why would we put more power and control into this component of the network?
So, can someone please address 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 in a rational, intelligent way that puts my mind at ease and explains how it is better than BIP101?
Otherwise, putting block limits in the hands of miners is not a good idea in my book.  I think it's important to be honest about how little we know, and voting is adding more variables into an already complex system, and for no real benefit that I can see.
@_date: 2015-04-23 01:21:36
I do not have a political affiliation or a horse in this race, but I will say that net neutrality is really a compromise to prevent a far worse outcome, not an ideal solution.
@_date: 2015-04-10 17:55:21
People love to say that technical analysis is BS.  They say that it only works because enough people believe that it works and because these same people trade upon their belief creating a self-fulfilling prophesy.
To that I say: that sure sounds an awful lot like every monetary system in the world....
Newsflash: markets aren't rational, and even the units we use to price the things trading on these markets are entirely made up and exist only because of a collective belief that has no basis in reality.
Money is a religion, and it's the basis for how you value everything in the world.  
So... to extend this full circle.  Calling technical analysis "BS" is a form of blasphemy.  
It's also fundamentally wrong, pun very much intended.
@_date: 2015-04-08 12:28:24
I rest my case.
@_date: 2015-04-22 11:35:37
I deleted a double post, but thanks!
@_date: 2015-09-02 01:02:48
Hey Want to alpha test our product?
I'm totally serious.  Let me know.
@_date: 2015-09-03 03:05:08
I really don't want to believe this.
@_date: 2015-04-22 01:13:26
BOOOOOOORRRIIINNG. 
No really.  I miss the days of yore.
@_date: 2015-04-14 10:25:09
I'm running a full node right now on my laptop.  Network bandwidth grows 50% faster per year at the same cost, much slower than processing power and storage costs.  
40% was not an accident.  It's well below the growth rate of the bottleneck in this equation.  
I remember as a very young kid programming in basic on a TI-99 with 32kb of memory.  Memory is well over a million times cheaper now than it was then.  There's no indication that this trend will not continue in the future.
@_date: 2015-04-22 05:13:46
Exactly.  They don't call it *organized crime* for nothing.  These folks can file a Schedule D and 1040 so fast it will make your head spin.  Everyone has their calling, and who are we to let encryption stand in the way of peoples' dreams and aspirations?
@_date: 2015-04-23 18:50:34
[MIT regularly profits from partnerships with publicly and privately traded institutions.](
For example, their [CSAIL program alone involves partnerships with Northrop Grumman Corporation, Nokia corporation, and others.](
Bitcoin in open source experiment in electronic cash and decentralized systems.  The reason that it trades at value is because the it is designed to operate without friction, despite politics.  
We are still living in a monetary dark age because of our inability to create appropriately dynamic and low-friction guidelines for financial systems.  This dark age is still here because we let human beings create static "rules" for money that never change, and all important decisions are subject to bias, corruption, and, well, human nature.
So having development funded by a privately endowed college that actively profits from both industrial and government partnerships is extremely troubling for those that understand and support bitcoin.  If there is the slightest hint of corruption, hello fork.
MIT probably has the best of intentions, but needs to do a MUCH better job in terms of transparency with the arrangements.  MIT must outline their role in this arrangement, including specifically how they will fully insulate this funding program so that administrators and staff at MIT are not able to influence core development.  
Look, even being on your campuses or near your faculty so that personal relationships are formed will likely be seen as an issue for bitcoin.  If MIT's policies were as solid as bitcoin's cryptography, blockchain, and mining network they would trade at a value.  Guess what?  They don't, and the entire bitcoin ecosystem should be shielded from them, as well as those that might fail to observe these guidelines.
This doesn't seem terribly well thought through to me.  You have more work to do.
@_date: 2015-09-04 15:30:08
I did not say "I really don't believe this."  
I said "I really don't *want* to believe this."
@_date: 2015-04-17 12:22:20
HD wallet is a hierarchical deterministic wallet.  What happens is when you sign up our service sends you a small program.  You choose a wallet password while you sign up.  This program uses that wallet password to create a "master seed" locally.  The deterministic part is because private keys are not randomly generated after the master seed has been calculated (with a high entropy, of course).  You can print out this master seed/extended private key during signup.  This master seed is used to recreate a near infinite amount of child private key/address combinations.  This maintains your privacy.
So... as long as you hold on to the master seed or the extended master private key, you can generate all the keys your heart desires, and the private keys associated with each node will be the same every time you derive those nodes from the master key. 
The other trick?  If I turn out to be Bernie Madoff (a thief), it doesn't matter.  Our servers never saw your keys or master seed, even temporarily.
You can literally walk away from Novauri, never sign in again, take that seed code and restore it in another service or program, and BAM, there are your bitcoins that were with Novauri, and they are 100% under your control.
You will be able to download and freely inspect the code in this program when we launch, so it's publicly verifiable.  We also take excessive additional security measures, because, well, it's bitcoin.
Seriously, kick @ service.  Sign up please.
@_date: 2015-04-14 03:27:29
I think we may all be surprised in 10 or 20 years at the uses of bitcoin we didn't conceive today.  Furthermore, I think we may be surprised at who and what is using it.
@_date: 2015-09-02 01:50:18
Check my username.
@_date: 2015-04-04 05:46:20
Great minds think alike.  Time to double down.
@_date: 2015-09-01 23:20:29
To be fair, that was my first comment in after my 14 day ban expired.  I'll stick to the facts and stop here.
@_date: 2015-04-13 22:09:37
Up next, New Yorker CEO of AirBnB gives official thoughts on the underbelly of Iowa politics and handy ways to repair clothes using a thread and needle.  Stay tuned for local news at 11.
@_date: 2015-09-02 20:24:14
Cool.  I will message an invite when it's ready.  Should be soon^TM .
@_date: 2015-04-11 13:03:14
Really great overview.  I remember this from a while ago. You should do a more comprehensive version, include FX, and add Bitcoin!
One criticism, the flowcharts.  Combining intrabank, net settlement, book messaging and RT gross settlement in the same chart makes sense as explained but might be clearer if visually separated by color or demarcation somehow.  Also your arrows don't match your stated use cases.  If Alice sends money to Bob in the same bank one way, the arrows should be one way.
@_date: 2015-03-12 19:30:44
Haha, touche.  Well played.
@_date: 2015-03-28 05:55:43
Virtual currency is the phrase regulators use, so that's how you communicate with them. 
Bitcoin is a peer to peer electronic cash system that uses a proof of work consensus with integrated economic incentives that automatically regulate issuance of new currency while in the process preventing double spending.  I don't know of a one or two word phrase that summarizes Bitcoin.  Electronic cash is probably best, just because it was used first.
Virtual and digital currency are imprecise ways to describe Bitcoin because they include things with properties that are different than Bitcoin, but are more tangible for laypeople.  Kind of like in the early days of the Internet people sent "mail by computer".
@_date: 2015-03-28 06:10:59
Cryptocurrency is not a bad name.  It's so terrifying to normal people that I don't even bring it up unless they say it first.  I'm also partial to magical internet money.
@_date: 2015-03-12 07:54:15


That's disturbing and bothers me on a fundamental level.
@_date: 2015-03-07 23:49:23
It's not close to "all I have", but there's nothing to argue about.  The video is completely accurate in terms of how the monetary system works.  It characterizes and politicizes it in an overly negative way, and that's a little disturbing, but there's nothing to argue about in terms of the mechanics.  The question he posed was to help people understand the underlying truth that you can't pay off the debt, because the system requires more debt than currency to exist.  My point about not understanding the video holds.
@_date: 2015-03-17 04:55:22
Thought?  Of course.  The payoff would be immense.  
Tried?  Absolutely!
Succeeded?  Well... not so much.  
I am not one to pump the value of Bitcoin, or say that it is unbelievably undervalued, but I will say this...
The average lifespan of fiat currency is 27 years.  Bitcoin is 6.  Fiat is inflated and devalued.  Bitcoin is doing exactly what it is programmed to do every 2016 and 210,000 blocks.
If this trend continues for another 10 years... how "volatile" will it be by comparison?
PS you can't separate the currency from the ledger (block chain) from the mining; it's a feedback loop.  I just like to say that in threads like these to reach the intended audience.
@_date: 2015-03-18 11:48:50
[Sign up for Novauri's closed beta](  Novauri is a US Bitcoin purchase and sale service that is going to beta very soon.  We don't have access to our customers' private keys, and we don't pool our customers' Bitcoin.  We even let you send Bitcoin you buy directly to any address you register, like a cold storage address or hardware wallet.
The key is that the service must never see or store your private keys, master seed, or data that can decrypt or create this information.  This removes the risk if a service is "hacked" (or an insider steals and blames it on hackers).  
Disclosure: I'm Will from Novauri.  We are building a remittance service too, although that service is no where close to as far along and still some time away.  More to come and check it out!
@_date: 2015-03-07 17:22:00


That's incorrect no matter how it is interpreted but your statement is unclear.  "You" refers to the government in the video but you seem to interpret "you" as a laborer above when the statement above.  Your pronouns have unclear antecedents.
@_date: 2015-03-12 16:35:04
Isn't it considered bad form when trolling to admit to trolling?
@_date: 2015-03-07 17:24:40
You both didn't understand the video.  You shouldn't post a comment, you should do more reading.
@_date: 2015-03-20 00:46:00
[Thank you for writing a giant, unpaid advertisement for Novauri, the US bitcoin purchase and sale service that never takes custody of any customers' bitcoin, and therefore has no "exit scam" risk.](
It's nice to have someone agreeing and talking about our point of view.
In case it's not abundantly clear, I started Novauri and my name is Will.  Hello there.
@_date: 2015-03-12 07:56:50
That's a great series.  I've read it more than once.
@_date: 2015-03-07 17:32:10
What makes you think loans can't happen without fractional reserve lending?   You can lend hard currency just as easily as fiat.  There is no need to pay a tax to create money to lend.  People with wealth in the form of hard currency can lend this out too.
The system is a stealth tax that runs on an inflationary model.  I don't necessarily disagree with taxation or wealth redistribution.  I feel it's necessary to stop the divide between rich and poor from becoming large enough to collapse society, but let's call it what it is.  A well hidden wealth redistribution mechanism.
@_date: 2015-03-08 22:23:50
For $2 to exist, it must be borrowed from the Fed.  This is how currency is created.  The trick is, interest is owed against that $2 (6%, if we look just at the Fed, Treasury, and Government and forget normal lending, which compounds the issue).  
It's never possible to pay back the $2 entirely, because one must borrow more money to pay back the $2 - bringing more money into existence which accrues more debt as interest.  This process devalues all currency by creating more and more, which is also called inflation. 
@_date: 2015-03-07 23:44:26
I think money changes some people more than others.
@_date: 2015-03-20 00:39:28
Yes, standard KYC stuff.  There is no regulation requiring "selfies".  Companies do that to prevent payment fraud.  I find that practice really distasteful, but I can see how it would lower fraud.  Debits and credits from US bank accounts via ACH.  We will have instant account verification for most major banks, and if not, you will have to verify two small deposit amounts.  No credit cards.  The cash advance fees and instant interest on "pseudo cash" products is not predictable as it's driven by your bank, not ours.  We view this as a form of payment that results in hidden charges we cannot disclose consistently and transparently, so we won't allow that form of payment for our service.  Debit is probably not ready for launch, but possible.   
@_date: 2015-03-13 05:14:38
Wait, so, in your own words:


This is the most perplexing yet revealing conversation I've had with a troll in quite some time! 
@_date: 2015-03-28 03:55:35
Thank you.
@_date: 2015-03-19 06:05:54
Ding ding ding...
That reeked of "blah blah blah I lost a lot of money ignoring risk and now need someone to blame other than myself."
@_date: 2015-03-20 01:18:38
Development is nearly finished, but it has to be safe.  That's important considering the product.
@_date: 2015-03-26 18:09:31
The thought has certainly crossed my mind.  There is no shortage of demand in the US!
You would need to have top-notch technology and extremely efficient processes to handle AML &amp; compliance monitoring of your business customers.  Your risk services would need to be top-notch too, and you would have to have a standard and strict set of rules that your customers need to conform to in order to qualify.
That said, you would be the only game in town, could standardize vendors to handle all of these aspects with economies of scale across your customers, and essentially act as a monopoly.
I'm stupefied as to why no one is filling this need in the market.
@_date: 2015-03-05 05:09:51
Absolutely, we look forward to having you as a customer!
@_date: 2015-02-11 13:02:30
1) get any service with HD wallet using BIP39
2) write down mnemonic phrase
3) put with will in safe deposit box 
If you prefer, encrypt the phrase and give the password with instructions to an executor who do not have access to your safe deposit box until they have power of attorney.  If you have a lawyer you trust this is an obvious choice.
@_date: 2015-03-18 04:53:22
I agree that controlling your private keys is good, but posting this sort of thing could really spook people.  I think these types of posts may do more harm overall than good.
What would be a good use of time is a balanced comparison of options, including some easy ways for noobs to control their own private keys, without them having to go get an advanced degree in applied cryptography.
@_date: 2015-02-26 05:46:17
Great, now it's a fraudulent business?  How can it be fraudulent if we haven't started the pilot?  Are you Tom Cruise from minority report?  Should I say a prayer to Xenu to save my soul and repent for my future sins?
@_date: 2015-02-21 05:38:02
Ah, I see.  Right.  There are a few are marketplaces in there as well.  
Any service that built a bank on top of bitcoin is fair game in my book.
@_date: 2015-02-23 03:13:36
@_date: 2015-02-27 03:35:37
Are you going to respond to more than one sentence of what I wrote, or is the plan to pretend like the rest of it doesn't exist, hoping no one else will bother to notice that I did respond to the "actual claim"?
@_date: 2015-02-18 08:22:53
I don't see how a web wallet with addresses under user control fits that classification.  It seems to apply to miners or entities that take custody of bitcoin.  Admittedly I haven't had reason to follow this closely, but the distinction seems clear.
@_date: 2015-02-17 18:46:15
I'm sure we could have a security breach like everyone else and change that right away for you!
I'm the only one talking about Novauri because so far we have not used viral or more traditional marketing.   We're also not live yet, our beta doesn't start until Q2.
I'm unclear if you making a subtle observation that we don't use marketing firms, or if you were implying that no one cares?  If it's the latter, you should dig a little deeper.  
We have more pre-registered customers than we can handle for our beta, and there's good reason for it if you understand our design and values. 
@_date: 2015-02-12 00:04:39
I'm not falling for it again.  Sorry.
@_date: 2015-02-14 15:57:19


Sure, and then maybe they can convince regulators to make it a requirement?  (Which is exactly how this happens.)


How do you know code reviews would have prevented those incidents?  Even if they were the right approach, who are you to decide what other requirements are necessary?
@_date: 2015-03-29 19:03:52
I have a hangup on the term "virtual" probably because of my age.  15-20+ years ago people assumed that when they heard a salesperson say "virtually" it meant they they wanted you to believe a product had a certain property, but it didn't, and the degree to which it didn't was intentionally being hidden.  The term became so overused in sketchy late night infomercial television marketing that people stopped using it.  It was a red flag that someone was trying to lie to you and separate you from your money.  Not a good word to associate with a system that acts as a store of value!
The term isn't so negative these days, so it's not a big deal.  It's not too far off.
P2P currency, digital or electronic cash system, cryptocurrency, these all at least hint at and might make people think that there are other properties that might be under the surface making it work.  99%+ of people won't ever fully get the idea of consensus through proof of work until it's taught in schools while people are young, but these terms at least hint that there's more beneath the surface.  That's why I prefer them.
@_date: 2015-02-21 16:25:30
The Q2 release is US only.  We are planning to expand internationally, but the timelines are to be determined.
The US banking situation around bitcoin could accelerate the international move as well.
@_date: 2015-02-18 06:20:12
Novauri is a brokerage and it doesn't support any Country right now.  We start in the US early this year with a closed beta.  We do have expansion plans on the send, er... brokerage side, and Canada is an easy move to make. 
I posted here because Novauri is designed to never had access to the private keys of any of our customers' deposits.  That means someone can't steal, socially engineer and steal, or hack our cold or hot wallets, because we don't have cold or hot wallets with customers' funds.
Also, I'm not drunk.  I just have an inebriating personality.
@_date: 2015-02-18 21:56:53
Believe me, you aren't the first person to ask.  It's on the list, but we need to get the service out of beta first.  That may take a good chunk of 2015.
@_date: 2015-02-21 07:45:09
Nice try.  Our developers can't commit code directly to production and we follow formal testing and release procedures.  And even if they managed to sneak in malicious and signed code somehow, it would impact maybe 2 customers before reddit and twitter blew up.  
The key here is that your hypothetical malicious coin-stealing wallet code has to be downloaded when a user logs in and wouldn't capture the private keys until the user entered the wallet password.  That password is only required to send or sell.  
So unless every customer logs in all at once and sent bitcoin all at the same time (about as likely as winning the lottery 100 times in a row), it would never cause a catastrophic failure we could not repay.  Even if someone pulled off this ridiculously difficult fraud in our company, it would only get them a few customers' bitcoin.  Why the hell would that evil criminal mastermind developer work for Novauri, when they can go work at a competitor and steal 100% of the bitcoin for as much trouble?
@_date: 2015-02-22 20:39:12
Sure, I would love to share more of my thoughts on the whitepaper.  I think many of the concerns are solvable.  Time is a little short right now; we are focused on getting the US novauri.com beta ready for April/May while finding investors and a reliable US banking partner.  Still, I'll try to find some time to do this in the next few weeks.  
I've also been itching to write an article about FedCoin as well as the potential for reaching mainstream users by integrating hardware wallets into PC's, Mac's, and mobile devices directly.  We'll see.
@_date: 2015-02-20 06:54:25
It's a new flavor of ice cream.
@_date: 2015-02-21 15:09:10
We have standard FI style infosec processes and policies for releases including code reviews and threat scans that uncover common vulnerabilities.  Those risks affect everyone, I'm not sure why we would be more or less at risk.
@_date: 2015-02-26 14:25:09
What is the question?
@_date: 2015-02-21 05:09:06
I used to think he stumbled on his words.  Now I'm wondering if he was making fun of Texans and Tennesseans.. 
@_date: 2015-02-21 16:18:43


Yes, it is a web service with multiple layers of security including mandatory 2FA, a local client security component, and other risk services.  
I am not meaning to start an argument, but I do not like using words like "trusty".  I think you will agree that any complex security system with externalities has risks, and all security systems have externalities.  Either quantify the risks, expose new risks and quantify them, or you aren't making a case and are in effect spreading FUD.
I have quantified the risks you describe, they affect any web service, and I feel we've done a good job mitigating them better than others.


Doesn't give you much confidence in my company, huh?  Now I'm pretty sure you are a troll working for a competitor, or trying to pick a fight.
Answer this, FUDster person, how would that be possible to happen for any period of time when:  
1) We will be inspecting the files and traffic as an audit process on a regular basis, including after every release when a developer would introduce this issue for deployment, specifically looking for changes to this code?
2) Power users WILL inspect their local code and traffic (you can verify that a mysterious evil Novauri developer hasn't implanted malicious code for you to download by inspecting the file and looking at the traffic it sends)?, 
3) The risk vs. reward doesn't add up?  What you describe would require the same amount of internal collusion as stealing the entire cold wallet balance of a competitor.  
So again I ask, why go through all of that trouble to introduce malicious code past a QA team, code review, and deployment team in order to do one-sie two-sie theft that would quickly be uncovered when you could collude with multiple insiders somewhere else and get cold wallet private keys and make off with hundreds of millions of dollars in bitcoin instantly?  


Claiming 50%?  When did I claim 50%?  The largest player in the US brokerage industry insures 3% based on carefully reading their online materials.  Just their online wallets - 3%.  Now, keep in mind that they actually take CUSTODY of most funds and SHOULD insure everything to be on the same standards as USD deposits with FDIC insurance, but don't.  Others don't seem to insure anything at all or have "mysterious" insurance policies.    
At Novauri we are NOT taking custody.  Short of your mission impossible developer hacks that steal private keys as people send or sell bitcoin only (only practical if you have an amateur, immature IT organization and policies, which we do not) , there's no conceivable way for our systems to control your wallet.  
Bottom line, we're not insuring 3%, we're building a fundamentally safer system that doesn't require insurance because we aren't addressing the symptoms, **we are curing the disease.**
If you really don't like our wallet for some reason, then add an address from your hardware or paper wallet.    You can still buy and have the bitcoin sent to your own address and bring your own security.  We don't mind and encourage this behavior.  I believe it's in our FAQ.
I don't recommend storing massive quantities of bitcoin on any web wallet, although I do feel ours is much better than many alternatives when you consider how most bitcoin has been stolen.  
If you have very large balances, use offline storage.  That's the best way to go.
@_date: 2015-02-01 07:07:10
Always use a strong password.
@_date: 2015-02-11 12:50:05


I bet that's what you tell all the girls.  No, no I am not new around here.  Lol.
I've used bitcoin all the time since late 2010 and make it a point to use every wallet out there.  I mainly use QT and cold storage, always keep an offsite backup, and was mindful of the 100 address issue with QT.  I have never had a problem with QT, er, core.  I use blockchain.info and electrum as my SPV and web wallets. Never lost a single bit of bitcoin.
That doesn't change the fact that I'm not a representative sample and the same applies to you.
My opinion is based on reading the posts in this subreddit over the years about lost coins.  A lot of them were bs, and sometimes they even give themselves away by saying things like "and the coins weren't mine".  
@_date: 2015-03-08 22:09:17


Lots of things are irresistible for some people, including counterfeiting.  That doesn't mean it should be acceptable or the people who do such things shouldn't be thrown in jail.
Something being "irresistible" is not a justification for letting it happen.  The question is, does the practice of "leveraging" loans to deposits (which is counterfeiting for you and me) serve an economic purpose, or does it just create bank runs and economic uncertainty?
This is the greater question, and is at the heart of the debate between Keynesian and Austrian school economists.  I tend to think that we might all be better off without the crazy shadow market voodoo math debt currency systems and with a simpler, more transparent system.  
That said, I think a hard currency system is also unacceptable.  Wealth concentrates, and if it becomes too concentrated, this ends in popular revolt.  It's a process that repeats over and over throughout history.
It's a complicated situation, and I don't think any one person or ideology has really cracked the code.  I think it's clear that cryptocurrency offers a far more efficient and frictionless way of implementing a currency system, and that the current fractional reserve systems are out of date and no longer facilitate an ideal environment for 21st century trade and economics.
@_date: 2015-02-11 21:57:34
I love your username.
@_date: 2015-02-15 18:13:33
That's not how it works.  If we "kept your payment" you can reverse the charge.  The risk is ours, because you can receive the bitcoin, reverse the payment, and we are left with the negative balance.  
What you are describing is not a risk for customers, it's a risk for Novauri.  We have to manage risk carefully including who we accept as customers when accepting reversible forms of payment.  It's an unfortunate part of the business model.
@_date: 2015-02-11 05:51:44
I have no proof, but I would not hesitate to bet that most "lost" coins are:
1) suddenly "missing" from a divorce settlement 
2) owned by someone else other than the "victim" (who is really a thief)
3) some paranoid type trying to create plausible deniability that he/she had lost control of a wallet to a) evade taxation, b) deny buying something bad or c) deny paying for a service they are ashamed of.
TLDR: most "lost" or "hacked" coins are not lost or hacked, unless you were foolish enough to store them in a place where a 3rd party controls your keys...
 
@_date: 2015-02-15 18:38:33
I would prefer to be more open about our design, but we've learned the hard way that being open before being ready is dangerous.  We have it documented and plan to have a public git as well, but for now we've been restricting access to those we're working with on the business side of things.
If you dig there is a good bit out there; but otherwise, there will be more forthcoming in a month or two.  Happy to discuss it in further detail, but not with strangers.  Send an email or PM on reddit if you want to know more.
@_date: 2015-02-20 05:42:15
Let the pressure build.
Three words.
Numismatic singularity event.
@_date: 2015-02-26 11:50:52
So your thing is to go around on reddit arguing with people, getting into fights and making nasty, unfounded and libelous statements four days after a conversation has ended just to sneak the last word in so it looks like you won the argument?  Sure looks that way from your post history and that stunt you pulled with the necropost smear attempt yesterday.
No one who reads this string is going to think my company is fraudulent.  They are going to think I need to stop feeding the trolls and that you need to go outside more and cheer up.
That and the fact that it uses established technology already used by millions safely every day (password manager services) in conjunction with other security features is going to make your job pretty tough.  
You seem to like a challenge though. Good luck. 
@_date: 2015-02-25 02:19:10
I don't have an issue with Coinbase's terms.  I think there's a problem with some seriously outdated regulation that errs on the side of economic friction and privacy violation for minimal gains in security and control.  That's not a dig, it was mostly written in the 70's, so all things considered, that's amazingly progressive regulation.   But... it's 2015.
[We do our best to keep our terms clear too.](
[We also write out a summary on regulation to go with it.](
Our philosophy is we might as well be transparent about what we need to do.   I do wish others shared our philosophy and took a hard line about disclosure.  
What is that cliche?   Sunlight is the best disinfectant.  I don't think there is a person working as a regulator or in the financial services space who doesn't agree that we need to overhaul regulation.  The problem is, how the heck do you change something that has legs and institutions hanging off of it?  It's not easy.
@_date: 2015-03-18 23:09:36
I'm more of a student.
@_date: 2015-02-21 23:49:20
Correct, this release of our US brokerage does not compete with exchange services.
That said, I think there are some similarities.  Early brokerages were designed like bank services, and early exchanges were built like stock exchanges.
Novauri's brokerage isn't designed like a bank.  It's more of a semi-decentralized network with Novauri as the central hub and counter-party that also serves as the exchange point from fiat to bitcoin.
I believe a properly designed bitcoin exchange can operate on blockchain too.  The design of a stock exchange works well for traditional stocks, but I think there are approaches that fit a bitcoin exchange much better than the designs we have today.
@_date: 2015-02-21 03:56:05
There's an old saying in Tennessee  I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee  that says, fool me once, shame on  shame on you. Fool me  you can't get fooled again.
-George W. Bush
Sorry about your loss and please sign up!
@_date: 2015-02-21 14:43:35
Not exactly. Bitcoin.de is really cool but would be tricky to offer in the US.
@_date: 2015-02-27 14:40:28
I'm not a conference hopper, but I may go to this one.  It looks different, and the sxsw event overall seems amazing.
@_date: 2015-02-11 05:17:19
It may be safer to call this "buying digitally signed data for entertainment purposes only with legal US tender".
@_date: 2015-02-22 20:45:13
Sure thing.
@_date: 2015-02-15 22:50:40
I am not sure I would put merchants at the top of the list for blame.  
The credit networks were designed in 1958, and innovation in the space has been completely hamstrung by a vicious circle of outdated regulation, and companies enjoying barriers to entry caused by the outdated regulation.
I guess if I had to point fingers, I would point to popular political systems as completely ineffective in unwinding institutionalized stupidity.  In this case, the institutionalized stupidity is our banking and credit network systems, with designs that predate the internet.
Feel free to lace in at least a few choice explicatives into my comments if you want to know how I really feel about all of this :).
@_date: 2015-02-15 18:07:43
I didn't say zero counterparty risk.  Most of the counterparty risk is us trusting that your payment won't be reversed.  That is a cost of doing business when you have to use crappy fiat payment systems that allow chargebacks and reversals.   
Still, it beats the counterparty risk of being mugged if you meet someone in person, right?
What we do have is zero custodial risk, because we never see the private keys used to sell and transfer bitcoin.  Because we never see the private keys (ever, not as an optional feature), it means we have no cold and hot wallets to steal.  That makes us systemically gox-proof.  We have no pooled addresses filled with our customers' bitcoin to hack, unlike every other bitcoin broker out there, including the big ones.
We also let our users buy bitcoin and have it sent directly to any address they register, such as a hardware or paper wallet.
@_date: 2015-02-27 14:42:31
It had something to do with model trains, I am sure of this.
@_date: 2015-02-11 23:42:31
I completely support this as a NOT for profit set of community best practices that are maintained by the bitcoin community as an iterative standard over time.
I will NOT support a for-profit boondoggle security consulting industry that's profit motive is in no way based on the elimination of fraud.  I will also NEVER support an attempt by a private company to create a defacto monopoly around bitcoin security standards, again, because the profit motive is entirely disconnected from the elimination of fraud.
The last thing we need are a few good ideas mixed with a bunch of outdated, massively long checklists and baked into an overpriced, for-profit certification process and gargantuan barrier to entry for new companies.  I'm not going to name names, but you can guess what I'm talking about.
For profit bitcoin cryptocurrency industry (BCI) compliance?  
**Kill that idea with fire and nuke it from orbit**, just to be certain.
@_date: 2015-02-18 06:38:53
Regulators are empowered to interpret laws broadly.  They won't watch it happen, they throw you in jail.  Don't do it.
@_date: 2015-02-26 00:04:50
Holding me to an incorrect interpretation of my words is not the same thing as holding me to my words.  I made no "indirect statement".  
Here's a good double metaphor for some sorely needed rhetorical effect.  
Think of Novauri is a currency exchange service at a counter in the airport.  When you buy and sell with Novauri (the currency exchange counter), you pay one currency, the agent exchanges it for another at a conversion rate, and they load it to a bank card from your personal bank account and then you walk away.
Think of our competitors are banks with a big vaults.  When you go to a competitor (a bank), they decide to let you in the building, you hand them some cash, they exchange it for the other currency, but they stick the other currency right back in the vault for "safe keeping".  They give YOU a bank card that has a representation of the money in the vault that you just exchanged so you can access and use it.
The risk with Novauri is that the agent at the counter specifically steals money out of your bank account because he or she somehow managed to write down your card number and other credentials without anyone noticing.  If they did this for a while to enough customers with no one noticing, they might be able to get away with a few peoples' funds.  
The risk with a competitor is that the owner of the bank is a crook and steals EVERYONE's money all at once from the vault.
With Novauri, you risk someone compromising customer accounts one by one over time until someone notices.  With competitors, you risk someone stealing everyones' money all at once, which instantly ruins everyone involved.
The currency exchange counter doesn't have access to everyones' money, it can only steal credentials if no one notices.  The bank holds everything, and is a much more lucrative target.
The thing is, the bank vs. counter makes the bank seem safer falsely.  In reality, the counter and bank scams are equally difficult to pull off.  The difficulty of perpetrating each heist is the same.
If we get hacked it will likely be a minor event because someone on our team or out in the community will catch the counter agent writing down the card numbers, because we have a camera on the person and are watching.  If they get hacked, it's Mt. Gox.  Kaboom.  Game over.
Is any of this helping?
@_date: 2015-02-18 07:31:35
Nope.  FinCEN looks at the exchange of fiat and crypto as the trigger, holding or sending bitcoin isn't money transmission.  Companies are interpreting things very differently, but the guidance is clear.
New York is about to cross over and do this with their bit license, though.  They will be the first regional power to attempt regulation of a transnational protocol.  This will likely be more of a "gotcha if we need to" type of affair as enforcement will be problematic for businesses who don't derive much revenue from NY State.
I agree we need to grow the size limit and encourage on blockchain services.  Of course, I'm not exactly a neutral bystander on this subject...
@_date: 2015-03-26 20:10:41
Interesting idea.  You are going to have some serious obsolescence problems with Raspberry PI though.  Full nodes take some power and you'll need storage space.  You need one that is an SPV client and another "cadillac" version that runs a full node.
Tor might not be the greatest idea.  You would need lots of connections, and that might clog things up.  
I love the idea of obfuscating the IP address to protect the user from thieves and muggers.  Might want to look at an update to the reference client?  The balance is between privacy and anonymity though.  Hardware dark wallet would draw some serious heat, and it's understandable why that is.  Popular with cryptoanarchists, but that might be a tough sell as a mainstream device or component.
@_date: 2015-02-18 06:56:58
40% is pretty safe, but this has absolutely nothing to do with why this is happening.
The regulations apply to the exchange of fiat for crypto currency.  When you as a customer buy or sell bitcoin for fiat, this is the trigger for these regulations applying to you as a customer.  At least that is how it is supposed to work.
@_date: 2015-02-15 18:29:09
When you "sell", you are actually sending bitcoin from one of the addresses derived from a master seed created locally when you registered.  We give you a price when you sell, and after sufficient confirmations, we credit your bank account.  That credit is looking like US ACH, which can take up to 2-3 business days to post.
There is no service that eliminates counter-party risk from a fiat to bitcoin exchange without an expensive 3rd party escrow service, and even then you have to trust the 3rd party too.  
We're the best design there is out there that doesn't involve an expensive escrow agent that introduces delays.  
@_date: 2015-02-13 06:20:06
Merged mining sidechains don't threaten bitcoin, but carry reduced security with no benefits or upside.  Non merged mining sidechains are hazardous because they drain economic incentive from mining bitcoin to other mining schemes, and there is only so much money in the world to invest in mining hardware.  The white paper I read had some technical roadblocks that were real stoppers.  Sidechains are vapor at the moment, unless something has changed.
@_date: 2015-02-21 07:21:02
It's not an exchange, it's a brokerage.  You enter an amount to sell, we quote you a price based on the size of the order.  You "sell" when you send the bitcoin to our system wallet.  We then credit your bank account with the proceeds of the sale at the price quoted via ACH - assuming there are any banks left in the US that will act as an ODFI for a compliant Bitcoin service, that is.  We may hold onto the bitcoin you sold us or we may not, depending on our business rules.  That has no impact on you.
@_date: 2015-02-19 13:56:15
I use LUKS to encrypt the filesystem at root but it isn't well suited to tasks beyond a local machine.  TC works across operating systems. 
@_date: 2015-02-18 06:29:36
This is funny and panic attack inducing at the same time.  
PS, they have to take that language seriously, you know.  If they ignore it, don't notify FinCEN and are audited, hello jail.  
The good news is I hear the staff at FinCEN have a wicked sense of humor.  And black helicopters.  Good luck to you!
@_date: 2015-03-22 19:48:27
Bitcoin behaves much like a virus.  This virus will evolve around whatever gives it trouble.  These writers should realize they will die long before bitcoin dies.
@_date: 2015-02-19 05:45:40


Great post, but I disagree on this point.
[One-time pads effectively allow for perfect security.](
@_date: 2015-02-21 04:24:53
Thanks, good point on the address.  We're going to be throwing out the current site for the real one very soon.  
On the year in the footer, I have more lawyers than I know what to do with, including friends and family.  The truth is, with timestamps,  weblogs, and the internet archive you don't really even need the notice, it's super easy to prove when things were published.  Laywers all have super strong opinions about the year.  Strangely so do customers.  I'm a fan of ranges, like 2014-2015.  If you check out a bunch of banks or money service businesses you'll see a wide range of approaches. 
We'll clean this up when we push out the production site though.  Thanks for the free review.  Glad to have you as a future customer!
@_date: 2015-02-21 15:24:20
That won't be necessary for our basic service; your brain should blue screen.
There is a feature release we are considering later down the road that has an edge case risk involved.  If there was a delay, we are talking a few minutes or a confirmation.  Again, that wouldn't be necessary for the standard service when you sell.
@_date: 2015-02-15 17:35:00
[Support Novauri where you can buy, sell, and transfer bitcoin and never give us access to your private keys.  We are designed to have no custodial risk.  Our US beta is in Q2.](
All it takes to steal from a cold wallet is a physical breach, an inside job, or someone socially engineering someone on the inside.
This is why no one has insured cold wallets.  It's also why ALL of these bank like, centralized services, including the big ones, are so dangerous, as in Mt. Gox dangerous, and why they keep dropping like flies.
Let me just repeat that "including the big ones" part again for good measure...
@_date: 2015-02-19 06:32:41
These guys:  but same idea.
@_date: 2015-02-26 19:35:24
What I am saying is that the malicious wallet code scenario will never happen in the first place.  
If it did happen, that would be the equivalent of someone stealing all bitcoin from a normal brokerage that uses hot and cold wallets.  The normal brokerage would notice this change, and we would notice the malicious wallet code being sent from our OWN servers.
Your entire argument is that we would intentionally, across three departments designed to keep each other honest, intentionally defraud our own customers and risk jail.
Assuming ALL of that happened (it won't), only then would we begin where you started.   
Then, every one of our customers would have to not only log in to their account, but SEND OR SELL bitcoin.  Logging in doesn't do it.  So you are saying that all of this would happen above, then no one would notice it externally even though it's super easy to detect, and that we should insure ourselves against ourselves because this could go on for years somehow unnoticed.   
You are basically screaming at the top of your lungs at a magnetic stripe reader hardware company for not keeping enough cash reserves to cover the balance of the checking accounts of everyone in the Country because their hardware could, hypothetically, steal numbers with no one noticing.  
Is it possible?  I'm not going to say yes, because you seem to have a habit of quoting things out of context in order to twist meanings, but let me just say that I'm sure a butterfly flapping its wings over the atlantic ocean can also cause a hurricane, but it's not something I lose sleep over or insure myself against.
Seventh time is a charm, they say.
@_date: 2015-02-19 13:59:17
I probably jumbled three projects together.  I knew about that one too, but I could have sworn there was a Swedish site.
@_date: 2015-02-11 04:58:13
a 24/7 cage fight for bitcoin startups.  Never a dull moment. 
@_date: 2015-02-21 03:51:39
It should have always been this way if you ask me.
The funny thing is that investors and banks still don't see that this is how it should be, even after a few years now.  I'm hoping this is not because they are foolish, but because they don't actually manage and use their own bitcoin.  They will come around soon enough, it's just a matter of time before another collapse.  Humans are corruptible.  Math isn't.
We're not going to have to pay for all of the ridiculous security costs and worry about phone calls in the middle of the night.  There is no insurance because there is nothing to insure.  That means lower costs for our customers and more money to refine the service.
@_date: 2015-02-27 05:43:48
I don't think that being malicious and ignorant are mutually exclusive.  I also don't agree that being a scammer means one cannot be dumb.
Since you are warning everyone about how dangerous, fraudulent, and malicious the service that our team has been working so hard on for months is for our customers, I'm guessing you must Steve Wozniak or Linus Torvalds.  
Come on, do tell.  Who are you?
@_date: 2015-02-26 00:38:36
Ok, I'm giving up.  There's no way to win an argument if the person I'm debating with is steadfastly claiming I said things I didn't say and overlaying that on situations that are far fetched and distorted beyond reason.
We're going to have to agree to disagree on this one.  The good news is you can still be a customer without admitting defeat in this argument.  Add an address from a paper or hardware wallet to your Novauri account and have your purchased bitcoin sent there directly.  Your perceived problem is solved! 
It's been fun.  Have a nice day!
@_date: 2015-02-19 00:26:15
I'm curious to hear if there were any issues.
I still use TC to secure data today.  There's nothing close to as sophisticated out there, and after you figure out how to use it, well, it doesn't feel right to switch to something watered down.  Everything else feels like it has "security-like" functionality with a stock PRNG and more backdoors than the far side of a ranch style apartment complex.  
Didn't some group in Sweden fork it?  
@_date: 2015-02-26 15:02:47
But to be crystal clear... 
We are not promoting Novauri as a super secure wallet technology that you should use to store tens of millions of dollars in bitcoin.  
For big balances, my recommendation is to add an address for your cold storage or hardware wallet, and send bitcoin from your Novauri wallet to this address for storage.  
When you sign up,  you print out or write down the master seed to the wallet.  This means Novauri could disappear from the earth, and you could take this backup seed and recover all of your keys / keep your bitcoin.  You have custody, we do not.
What we are claiming, is that we are much safer systemically.  We deliver the encrypted data to you when you log in, and it's decrypted with a second "wallet" password that's only needed when you sign transactions (send, or sell).  
So we have no large hot or cold wallet balances.  You literally have custody of your bitcoin.  
So let's talk about fraud.
Outsider fraud: if someone hacked our systems and replaced the file we send that takes your wallet password and decrypts your stuff, that could be used to transmit the information to the hacker.  The thing is, we would detect that right away, because we regularly compare the signature of the file we receive from our own service to a known good copy.  That won't get by us for very long.  We would catch it.
Insider fraud or insider / outsider collusion fraud:  A rogue developer could also insert a malicious version of the code that decrypts your stuff locally.  To combat this, we don't let developers have production access.  This is standard for financial institutions, and required by various regulation.  It's a safety measure.  By separating duties, you prevent collusion.  QA and deployment are separate from development, and we check the signature after each deployment, making this impossible.  If everyone in our company conspired to commit fraud, that would be possible, but I'm telling you it's incredibly unlikely.  Look at the work history of my team on novauri.com/team.  We didn't just graduate from college.
Now, hypothetically, if we were all crooks, and I'm a really good huckster (I'm not), users would still catch the issue before it caught too many people. Users can also compare the signature of the file, inspect the code or network traffic too.  With this community, you can damn well bet they will too.
So it's onesie twosie theft at best, even with massive internal collusion to commit fraud.
Compare that to a bitcoin bank like service where it only takes 2 or 3 insiders to collude to steal everything (with multisig), or only 1 without it.  And if that happens, everyone with bitcoin in a pooled wallet is screwed.  That's most or all of the customers.
Which design is superior?  Ours!
@_date: 2015-02-11 05:08:17
Let me give you a quick tip to save time in the future.  Any business that features a "payout table" is probably not going to have a happy ending for you as an investor.
Furthermore, if a product is called "ponzicoin", don't be surprised when it turns out to be ponzicoin.
I still can't believe ponzicoin was a thing, and also a ponzi scheme that people fell into.  
I want to meet some of these people, not to take advantage of them, but just to hear their story.  I'm imagining a short documentary film along the lines of "this is spinal tap".  This is first on my list after Novauri, maybe as a retirement project.  I'm going to get into pop sociology and independent film making focused on the many weird underbellies of bitcoin.  This place is just amazing.
@_date: 2015-02-27 14:44:33
It doesn't matter.  Give it time.
@_date: 2015-02-21 04:46:50
We are very interested in banking connections.  You would think the tough part about this would be the security or regulators.   Nope. It's the banks, at least in the United States.
Send me a message and let's connect!
@_date: 2015-02-26 12:02:20
I'm confused, what is your point again?  Seriously, you lost me.  Can you start over?
@_date: 2015-02-25 20:35:24
I have some unfortunate news for you, I read new posts on my old comments, so this isn't getting by me.
Archiving this comment where 110101002 says he believes in Unicorns:


You need to read my statement very carefully.  The funny thing is, when you finally "get it", you'll understand that we actually are keeping 100% of customer bitcoin that we hold on reserve.  That's a total of 0 bitcoin.
We don't have control of the private keys that control the wallet used by customers, and therefore have no custody of customer owned bitcoin.  We also don't have access to the private keys that control any 3rd party addresses that a customer chooses to register to the account.  That's the point of the design, to not have to "trust" Novauri, and to know that every customer has this same security, so if we did have a security breach there are no cold or hot wallet balances to steal that contain bitcoin belonging to customers.
100% of nothing is... nothing.  Kind of like the amount of substance behind these sort of desperate attacks on our service.  I take that as a sign that we're about to be wildly successful.  Thank you for your unintentional support.
@_date: 2015-02-25 02:07:29
It's regulation, not Coinbase.  The don't have a choice.
The way to change this is to use the political system at a national level to affect change.  
I'm serious.  Why are you laughing at me?  That's what you do!
@_date: 2013-11-27 22:47:28
I've heard catsup can expire on the news.  Should I worry about that?  Also I see some people call it catsup and some are calling it ketchup.  Are they the same?  I bought some catsup the other day and it hasn't gone down too much so I'm happy.  Thanks guys.
@_date: 2013-11-19 13:12:41
I'm the last guy to pee in anyones' cheerios but it doesn't mean that at all.  
Note to people who haven't been around for a while, when you see Pollyanna articles or forum posts like these and posts about "paradigm shifts" mean that you are getting near a top, so brace for a correction.
WU moves principal intra-Country as well as internationally in a well regulated way and funds and/or pays out that money in cash.  It's a representation of international and domestic money movement, that is primarily performed by the underbanked, although they do have products aimed at other demographics and business services too.
Bitcoin is a currency that can be transmitted electronically, not a money transfer service.  That figure is mostly made up of investors who are betting on higher prices, and also double and triple counts as people move funds between their addresses.
So it's definitely apples to oranges.  No doubt about it.
And also, with Bitcoin, there are some serious bottlenecks.  The protocol can handle 7 trx/second presently, with a volume of around 1 trx/second right now.  Well from WU's 10k, they move around 230 million money transfers / year just in their C2C business segment, which is a little over 7 trx / second, already exceeding the throughput of bitcoin today.
So that needs to be addressed by the devs.  There's also an issue with fractions.  How many average joe six packs will accidentally send .0001 BTC instead of .00001 BTC.  With no chargeback option, it needs to be as plain as handing over a 100 vs 10 currency note to the average person.
Oh, and let's not forget the mining exploits and blockchain analysis.  And pressure for regulators to track everything.  Any one of these could cause a collapse.
So please chill out on the Pollyanna and paradigm shifts.  Rather than posting go read about how it works and get educated.
@_date: 2013-12-02 03:09:46


Why should we care what this idiot thinks?  He's a wannabe pundit.  He's valuable insofar as his ability to act as an unknowing contrarian trading indicator.
@_date: 2015-02-21 05:17:48
An exchange matches buyers and sellers.  A brokerage is always the counter party for purchases and sales.  We are a brokerage, not an exchange.  Changing to an exchange would not be terribly difficult, however.
@_date: 2013-12-03 13:22:07
It sounds as if you have the whole send and receive side AML and EUID thing nailed.  What is the approach from a regulatory perspective, and how did you get the bureaucrats to give a green light? 
@_date: 2013-11-20 13:06:29
The trick isn't designing a modern and efficient form of taxation, unfortunately.  The challenge is twofold, first is throwing out the US tax code (and similar inefficient legacies of the past in other Countries).  Remember, there are entire industries built around these patchwork rules and people make this into their profession (tax lawyers, accountants, regulators).
Second is getting an efficient form of taxation written into law.  A simple progressive tax that graduates to a higher % for luxury items along with a very significant, loophole free estate tax would do the trick.  That plus a clear and heavily enforced set of regulatory penalties or bonuses for corporations to obey environmental and safety law is all we really need.  The progressive and death tax component could be automatedand be a black box to human beings.  Maybe the accountants could audit the computer to keep them gainfully employed until retirement.  The regulatory thing would have to be far more transparent, accountable, and not made up of lawyers, but academics in the respective field.  Eventually it would make sense to have AI centrally manage our economies, but that's a bit farther off and post bit-coin.
It should be very hard for local, state or federal politicians to enact new forms of taxation, and there should be a constitutional amendment requiring such changes to be automated.  Part of the problem is that it's too easy for well meaning but completely unqualified politicians to complicate the system, and too hard to parse and simplify it after the fact.
@_date: 2015-02-22 20:55:24
You are based in Austria, correct?  Let me know if you folks want to compare notes.  I'm curious to hear how things are in Austria/Germany and the EU for bitcoin brokers.
I love Vienna.  I used to go there from time to time on business.  Beautiful City where I learned to appreciate schnaps.  The tap water is cleaner than bottled water, and the food isn't too far from PA Dutch food I grew up eating.  You could do much worse for a City to have as your HQ!
@_date: 2015-02-21 04:34:43
I'll update it with another heist.  There are so many to choose from.  
[How about this one?](
@_date: 2013-12-19 00:15:39
I like that guy.  I would like to subscribe to your newsletter. 
@_date: 2015-02-19 07:19:12
Meh. I've always felt that was a prosaic statement.  That component is perfectly secure.  You can always add an externality that adds vulnerability to any system and call it imperfect. At the end of this debate waits "we all die someday" and eventually Godwin's law.
@_date: 2013-12-05 02:58:10
I'm not saying it can't be solved, but I have yet to see the white paper that everyone agrees to and we can start working around.
We can't wait 15 years for this volume, this thing is taking off.  We need an interim solution in under 6 months and a long term solution before 2015.  We also need some controls enforcing a protocol "4th amendment" preventing Orwellian shenanigans that add fear and friction to the economy.  You don't think the NSA is working on something like "TTIA" - total transactional information awareness?  Of course they are.  The block chain is like a gift from heaven if you are a spy agency and don't care about creating market distortions/inefficiencies that come out of the fear of being watched.   So no this can't wait 15 years, it needs to be now or the currency goes to 0 and is replaced by something else.
@_date: 2013-12-05 02:46:59
kwilliamas, we both know the protocol's integrity as a decentralized system will be compromised if we allow only big aggregators to host the block chain.  The heart of the integrity of the system and its brilliance is the fact that it is decentralized.  The solution you are proposing is to compromise on that design because the ledger of accounts is too big.  I'm sorry but that's not an acceptable solution.  We need to archive older transactions out of the block chain and find new ways to keep the trx / unit down so we can keep the heavy clients alive and well.  And this needs to happen pretty damn fast too.  It's risky.  Don't want to screw that up...
@_date: 2013-12-18 01:08:25
[Let me tell you about your rights.](
@_date: 2013-12-05 02:11:17
What is a 'quantum jump'?  
Is that the same as a 'paradigm shift'?
That means it must be time to sell.
@_date: 2013-11-19 14:07:44
The 500 &gt; 900 &gt; 600 spike/crash wasn't long money.  It was the group that was already playing the arbitrage game between exchanges trading on momentum created from the bullish sentiments by US officials.  It looks like on net 25% of the new money stayed long for at least a day.  
If this thing pierces 500 on the downside I would consider that an actual correction.  This was arbitrage and an engineered price bubble on news.  I wouldn't even dignify it by calling it a correction.
@_date: 2013-12-11 13:54:47
Internet bandwidth has grown 50% every year from 1983 to 2013, so it's about 10% less growth than Moore's law.  It's been remarkably steady and predictable.
Storage capacity has been 100% growth every 1.5 years since before most of us were born.
50% every year is still exponential, just not as steep.  The population of the world and the number of transactions isn't going to grow exponentially or we bump into malthusian catastrophes with starvation.
So eventually hardware catches up, but we don't have the infrastructure right now to support the bitcoin protocol as a global currency in its current implementation, and there are risks with increasing centralization and thin clients.
15 years might as well be 1000 years from now.  For all I know in 5 years AI will be replacing the BIS and central banks.  Who knows?
To repeat, what I do know is that there's a bottleneck if we want BTC to grow in its current implementation.  There's no denying this.
@_date: 2013-11-27 03:06:23
You are using the term honeypot incorrectly.
@_date: 2013-11-23 04:41:51
It can't be called Satoshis.  It needs to be no more than two syllables and one syllable for slang.
See dollar/buck, pound/quid, Yen/Yen, Peso.  Sa-To-Shee is too long.  Way too long.  Coin, Bitcoin, bits, bytes.
kilo, mega, metric system + bits, bytes, or coins.  Something easy that rolls off the tongue and NO funny Japanese pen names.  We need to give them names a 24 year old in marketing would think of, not a basement dwelling cypherpunk...
@_date: 2013-11-01 00:58:07
Nope, it's you.  Pencils?  When wealth is not redistributed, it accumulates at the top of the pyramid, especially if 100% of wealth carries over to their kids when a father and mother pass away.  Demand becomes skewed such that a shrinking few create a disproportionate amount of demand from the available supply of productive capacity.
Your silly little pencil feel good video?  Well, if .5% of the population owns 95% of the wealth, the demand for pencils will be much lower than it needs to be if we want to make sure our students have a way to write when they go to school.  If only only a tiny number of people can afford them, and demand for extremely expensive items like super mansions and ferraris will be greatly exaggerated.  Nevermind that we won't have schools because only the super rich will have the ability to pay for teachers for their kids.
So the productive capacity of humanity is distributed to serve the rich few, creating distortions in our ability to realize economies of scale and produce basic goods and services efficiently enough to support most people having a first world existence.
The whole thing spirals out of control without a fair but constant way to send money from the top back to the bottom.  
You do realize that the primary function of government and our central banking system is to redistribute wealth, right?  You realize inflation is a nearly invisible form of taxation that encourages reinvestment of capital because of its constant depreciation, right?
Bitcoins are naturally deflationary, which isn't a big deal as long as it's slow and steady (people don't spend if their savings is skyrocketing in value), but without a means to redistribute wealth evenly, it can't work  as a long term primary form of currency.  Not without some other mechanism to balance the supply of wealth evenly so all members of society can participate optimally in the supply chain of everything we need to consume and thrive.
So no, I'm not the one who has oversimplified things.  Quite the opposite.
@_date: 2013-12-19 13:30:23
Memes are banned.  Thank goodness.  Report this post and stop posting memes.
@_date: 2013-12-11 13:46:39
That projection takes into account BTC as the global currency, including the un and under banked.  Are your expectations something less than this?
@_date: 2013-12-17 00:30:17
Simple's issuing bank is Bancorp.  Has Bancorp issued a statement that "all bitcoin activity is fine with them."?
Because the honest answer is that it's not Simple's decision; it's Bancorp's decision.
This is somewhat misleading...  
@_date: 2013-11-11 12:22:23
Is it because regulators froze too much of their free cash, or did  someone spend forward the assets under management?
Why can't they take out a simple business loan to cover their liquidity problems until their accounts are unfrozen?
@_date: 2013-12-05 02:50:10
Dude.  Not OK.  It needs to be decentralized or it will be compromised by powerful interests with lots of money...  Come on, that's not even something we should entertain.  We need to solve for this in a way that maintains the design and doesn't compromise or allow big powerful interests to exert central control.  The beauty of the current model is that there are too many targets.  Large data centers = centralized = easy targets.
@_date: 2013-12-04 05:11:15
Facebook may be about to learn an expensive lesson that already cost Google a few fortunes.  It's really complicated to move money around safely and securely.  Google wallet what?  Abysmal failure.  They can't do it competitively.  No way.
The beauty of bitcoin is there's no counter party risk, and the system doesn't require trust between parties, VPN, encryption or anything else beyond the protocol that handles all of these risks by design.  No need for fraud monitoring, or risk management.  The system is entirely self-sealed and secure.  It's a thing of beauty compared to the existing technologies.
Facebook would be wise to integrate bitcoin, because there's NO FREAKING WAY they are going to be able to create their own virtual currency that will have any form of support from the community.  Facebook can't be trusted with something that important given their sleezy history of how they handled customers' information.  I don't think we should let them ID stamp most of the block chain either.  
Better idea?  Delete facebook, use diaspora.  Let diaspora use bitcoin for p2p social money transfer.  That I can get behind.  
@_date: 2013-02-14 13:45:25
Great.  That doesn't change the fact that what you have fallen in love with your investment and are behaving irrationally.  
DO NOT put more than 5-10% of your net worth in BC.  Period.
@_date: 2013-12-04 14:34:46
I don't think so.  People have a very different psychology around their money.  Watch, they will fail.  Even if I'm wrong, facebook can't pull it off technically.  Their talent is not experienced in fraud and risk management at the level that will be required, and they won't look at it with the required level of paranoia, or understanding from being burned by really really smart criminals and organized crime.  The smartest hackers in the world try to hit money movement systems because it's where the payday is the biggest.  Assuming you are good enough to counter the hackers, which is not a given, it still impedes your ability to be as open and fast moving, which hurts your core product.  It's not a good combination.  Watch, it will fail.
@_date: 2013-11-11 13:23:16


That's not the way it works.  China runs a surplus, the US runs a deficit.  
If the US defaults, they are still holding the manufacturing base and will continue to run a surplus.  The Chinese will choose to invest that trade surplus in other vehicles.
If the US defaults, that means that the value of those treasuries will plummet, which means interest rates for loans denominated in USD will have to skyrocket to offset the decline in value.
This will cause the price of all assets denominated in USD to skyrocket.  This is called "hyperinflation".  It's not good for the US.
Yes, China would lose much of the value of their assets held as treasuries, but the US would lose their status as holder of the world's reserve currency.
It would never unfold in such a black and white scenario as there are too many shared interests, but make no mistake, the US has far more to lose.
@_date: 2013-11-27 22:52:22
Wait... Michael Moore?  Is that you, Michael?
@_date: 2013-10-23 11:23:13


I'm bullish on Bitcoin as well, and I would love to see the currency take off and gain mainstream acceptance, but posts like these make me a little uneasy.  
Never allocate more than 5% of your savings as an initial investment into any specific asset that isn't a roof over your head or your means of transportation for holding a job.  Diversification applies to everything including Bitcoin.  Not following a balanced and diversified approach to savings is called gambling.  
Please don't encourage people to gamble.  No one can predict the future.  Ask Time Warner about their AOL acquisition, or look at dot com prices in 1999 vs 2001.  Florida real estate in 2007 vs 2008.  Tulip prices...
@_date: 2013-12-10 12:49:16
Um, why can't we simply use mdot sites?  I don't want to have a bitcoin wallet installed on my iPhone.  I would prefer to use a 
web wallet with a small balance for day to day purchases.  
Besides, smart phones aren't secure.  They aren't even close to something you could begin to call secure.  Not only do the telecom companies have no (read: zero) respect for your privacy as a customer, the phones themselves have more backdoors in them than the Winchester Mystery House.  Remember "Carrier IQ"?  That's just what we know about.  No thanks.
Oh, and I've been an iPhone user since the first model, but I am going to switch with my next purchase.  IOS7 introduced more annoyance than functionality.  That stupid pull up menu that should have stayed in the options menu that covers up the screen and the banner alerts that cover up the URL bar or next unread email to name a few. The hostility to bitcoin is the straw that broke the camel's back, not that I care about an mobile app.  I don't want to give my money to a company that actively stifles innovation, that's the sign of a dinosaur.  So Apple is dead.  Maybe it's time to short their stock?
@_date: 2013-12-29 21:00:46
[Memes are banned.](
I'm glad you've had this personal realization but don't litter in @_date: 2013-12-17 18:24:42
I chuckled.
@_date: 2013-12-19 13:27:09
If true it's starting now.  
First up in no particular order:
Backpage.com and mainstream porn sites to accept bitcoin (pseudo-anonymity appeal)
Tigerdirect to take BTC
Newegg to take BTC
Gunsamerica or Gunbroker to take BTC (appeals to libertarian gun nuts and grumpy anti-establishment types / preppers)
Likely second up:
Amazon or competitor accepting BTC
eBay/Paypal integrate BTC as a payment option (fees tbd)
Major FI's, networks, and MSB's integrate BTC as a currency
@_date: 2013-12-06 14:57:24
THIS IS A TEST RELEASE CANDIDATE.  OP HAS A SENTENCE IN THE READ ME URGING EVERYONE TO DOWNLOAD IT TO FIX CRITICAL BUGS, BUT IT IS UNTESTED.  THAT IS INCREDIBLY DANGEROUS.  PLEASE EDIT IMMEDIATELY AND PROOF READ NEXT TIME.
WAS THIS A MISTAKE?
ALSO JUNGLESMITH WHY DID YOU PRAISE THE OP WHO IS TELLING NOOBS AT TO DOWNLOAD A TEST CLIENT AS A FULLY TESTED RELEASE?
MODS PLEASE REVIEW THIS SITUATION.  
@_date: 2013-12-04 14:13:09
Friendly warning, if this joke doesn't make sense to you:


You need to be really careful with security.  Don't keep a lot of bitcoins on a website, and always use google authenticator, authy, or a "second factor" to log in besides your password.
Bitcoins are not regulated, and if someone guesses your username and password, or if someone who works at these companies gets fired and does something illegal, you are 100% screwed.
Locally you need to watch out for keyloggers and malware, or even neighbors, friends, or friends of friends.  Highly recommend installing bitcoin-qt but moving the data directory found at "%appdata%/bitcoin" to a USB stick.  The USB stick should have the entire drive encrypted using "Truecrypt" or a secure encryption program using a passphrase using a string of words selected by randomly opening pages of a dictionary and pointing without looking (don't change the words or make up words in your head, there will be a pattern and the vocabulary in your head is likely not complete and definitely not random) separated by special characters.
Read up on all of this before you invest a lot of money.  It really can be a little risky if you aren't a total nerd.  Ubuntu or Linux Mint are also good OS's for the laptop you use for banking with bitcoin, but they are harder to use than windows or mac.  You will end up using a command line with commands that are not DOS based.
Oh, and don't believe the hype or listen to these polyanna douchebags talking about "paradigm shifts" and "great moments in history".  They drank too much of their own koolaid.
Bitcoin is a disruptive P2P payment technology that is better than anything available right now, but it has serious issues as well.  1) block size is still capped at 1MB.  To scale to the size required to replace VISA and Mastercard during peak volume - which is required for "paradigm shifts" and "great moments in history" that these evangelist bubble heads talk about - the 1MB block size that handles 7 trx / second would need to handle 15,000 trx a second.  To include the unbanked and impoverished of the world and micro transactions, I would at least triple that number to 50,000 trx/second.
So you are talking about a block size 2,000 times larger to dis-intermediate the networks and 7,000 times larger to accommodate the worlds' population.
Well, that's 2 GB every ten minutes of 7 GB every 10 minutes for the bigger "paradigm shift".  That would happen 144 times a day, 1008 times a week, and 52416 times a year.  
Each year the block chain would grow between 100 and 366 terabytes at peak volumes.  That's a hell of a lot of storage, you can't afford to host that locally with today's technology.
Then there's the problem of these sketchy websites.  It's a jungle out there, don't drink the koolaid and do anything stupid like dump your life savings into BTC, or abandon dollars or euros just yet, chap.  Be careful.
@_date: 2013-12-14 06:44:22
You think that stock price moves on good or bad news?  It moves BEFORE the news.  Unless a company is air tight insiders have already traded and the information is out.  You might want to rethink who knows what is going on and read a bit more about stock markets...
@_date: 2013-12-09 13:43:10
There's no need to be a jerk to your bank.  All banks struggle with account takeovers.  You can buy literally millions of full customer profiles for the right price.  There's an illegal industry around this where fraudsters take over real peoples' accounts and steal their money.  Banks have to be paranoid about any change in spending patterns because a lot of the time it's an account takeover.
@_date: 2013-11-09 16:53:28
[Then please explain how it doesn't matter that the Chinese exchange is overtaking US exchanges in volume?](
[How about Germany recognizing BC as "private money" when Germany is the economic engine of the EU &amp; CIS, when this region's economy is larger than the US?](
US adoption is important, but it certainly isn't "the key", and bitcoin can become the world's currency of foreign exchange and the defacto international and online money transfer currency without US support.  No we don't need to invent our own Federal Reserve.
@_date: 2013-11-26 14:54:01
Asian languages?  Satoshi is a masculine Japanese first name.  The Chinese generally hate the Japanese seeing as the Japanese have continually invaded China over time.  The Chinese have two major dialects and a zillion others in their own in their own language.  How about something in Mandarin?
Don't even get me started on India.  You can't count the number of subcultures in India.  
It's not about culture, it's about being easy to remember a sound and having fun saying it.  Satoshi doesn't cut it.
Need proof?  Look at the Japanese and Chinese currencies.  Yen and Yuan.  Not Satoshi.
@_date: 2013-12-15 17:12:58
Thanks for putting that together.  Nice work.
@_date: 2013-11-27 01:13:58
Please help me understand how replacing fiat currency removes the need for an investment market to value publicly traded companies?  Why would wall street care?  You don't think shares of a company can be valued in different currencies?  Hell, wallstreet could remain in business if we replaced dollars with packages of ketchup.  All we need is an electronic receipt for ketchup deposits and an exchange so we can trade ketchup on margin or take out puts and calls on future values of companies denominated in ketchup.  Within a few years we would have ketchup default swaps and KINCEN to regulate everything.
Can we get a moderator to filter out the teen-age angst videos so we don't have to sit through it?
@_date: 2013-12-04 02:37:39
Examples of this "gray area" please?  I'm pretty sure you are making this up.  FIN CEN would never let xoom, WU or Money grams send money anonymously internationally.  No way.  Sources or gtfo.
@_date: 2013-07-11 13:18:23
Friendly warning... you need to have a money service business license in order to exchange a decentralized virtual currency for another currency.  Allowing customer 1 to deposit funds and transmitting bitcoins to customer 2 is exchanging a decentralized virtual currency for another currency.
FinCEN is going to shut you down without a MSB license.  
Read this carefully:
You'll need to be able to meet regulatory standards for anti-money laundering and compliance many places depending on where you allow yourself to do business.  The US alone has regulatory agencies in every state in addition to the federal level.
It's a huge barrier to entry and prevents competition in the financial industry.  But, it's still there and they will shut you down without the proper MSB licenses.
The only way you are going to stay in business is if you make a substantial investment to gain the proper licenses, or if you go black market and move your site to TOR in the dark net, and then you are risking jail time for money laundering and doing business without the proper MSB licenses and will likely be labeled a "terrorist" to boot.  And you will likely get caught, because there is a movement of real money into a bank account to facilitate one side of the transaction, even if the book side of the money movement is opaque.  You will go to jail.
Sorry, dude, but be careful.  This stuff isn't taken lightly by those in power.  Follow the MSB rules and give the regulators a call about how to set up a sustainable and legal business.  Doesn't look like you are quite there yet.
@_date: 2013-11-04 12:01:32
Good for you.  In the grand scheme of things you just got incredibly lucky.  Stay out of debt!
@_date: 2013-11-27 13:41:38
It makes me want to go out and buy a Phone or a Pad and send an mail to my mom about how awesome it was.
Using obscure alt+number greek mathematical operators to market bitcoin to the mainstream is the equivalent of using Klingon to sell mascara to cheerleaders. It's confusing to normal people. It scares them, makes them feel stupid, and adds to the intimidation factor of BTC because it makes them think about math classes. The added bonus is that anyone talking about "mu coins" sounds like a total douchebag. GET REAL.
The base unit BTC should be renamed bitcoins or simply coins.
Satoshis (1/100th of a coin) can be called bits.
Bitcoins can be called 1 million bitcoins.
Keep it simple. Thanks.
@_date: 2013-12-18 22:54:34
THANK YOU.