@_author: mrme487
@_date: 2018-01-10 17:30:03
As I note in the post, there is certainly a lack of guidance and thus the treatment is uncertain. But, as the Forbes article I linked to notes, it makes sense - BCH represents a sudden, unexpected source of value to the taxpayer.
I won't argue with you if you suggest another reasonable tax treatment, but certainly a treasure trove is the most conservative option.
@_date: 2018-01-10 17:59:52
Thank you very much! First time I'v seen this - worth reading very closely.
@_date: 2017-08-22 01:17:59
I'm the mod that banned you. I was following up on my bans for the day and saw your post here. I'm happy to reduce your ban to a temporary suspension if you send us a modmail and promise that you've read and understand our rules, especially rule 10, and promise to follow them going forward.
The concern is that many readers of r/personalfinance aren't familiar enough with crypto-currency to understand the risks inherent with them. Something like [this thread]( from this sub (linked from the daily price discussion sticky) is exactly the type of thought process I'd love to see verbalized more often - an honest discussion of the risks and why they may/may not make sense for OP.
@_date: 2017-10-17 04:23:57
pf mod that banned you here - a couple of things:
* I'm usually a silent lurker in the crypto forums. I like to keep somewhat up to speed with what is going on even though I don't currently own any crypto.
* The 14 day ban (not a permanent one) was for violating rule 10 which states in part: "Pushing speculative or illiquid investments, especially flippantly, tersely, or implying huge returns".
* The mod team currently considers bitcoin a speculative investment and I've written extensively about the empirical data underlying this premise before (TL;DR - on the order of 100x more volatile than a "traditional" investment like the S&amp;P 500).
* The rule doesn't outright prohibit discussion of speculative investments - it just says you need to discuss them at some length. Just saying "buy bitcoin" as an entire comment is too short (flippant) to provide our readers, many of whom don't understand crypto, any context on why this might or might not make sense for them or what the risks associated with this investment might look like.
* Importantly, this rule is not targeted specifically at bitcoin or crypto - it applies to any "speculative" (think high volatility) investment and is meant to require extensive discussion about non-traditional investments. In that same thread I issued a virtually identical ban for someone making a similar comment about Tesla stock (and keep in mind that even single stocks tend to be less volatile than crypto, just to give some perspective on where the line is).
Anyway, with all that said, I'm happy to reduce the ban to 7 days if you promise that you will comply with the rules, especially rule 10, going forward. Just send us a message in modmail and someone on the team will process the change.
I really want to see the sub have a positive relationship with crypto enthusiasts. While I don't think it is appropriate to suggest crypto often (many of our posters are struggling with basic budgeting and massive debt), there is certainly a place for discussing its merits and shortcomings as an alternative asset class. I want you and others here to be a part of that dialogue because I think you bring an important perspective to the discussion. But I also believe that I have a duty to make sure that this discussion is held in a way that doesn't mislead our readers (who range from teens to retirees, people struggling to get out of debt to multi-millionaires, etc...) and is appropriate for the situation.
Let me know if you have any questions or thoughts.
@_date: 2018-12-14 17:21:14
@_date: 2018-12-14 16:52:55
The average (median) person in the world has an income of about $3,000 - per household, it is about $10,000. Realistically, the target audience for investment is limited to basically "middle class" individuals in developed countries. I'm not saying this isn't a big number, but it is far, far less than 7,000,000,000.