@_author: mrmortgageguy
@_date: 2014-10-03 05:36:39
Ha, Exactly, more good news about bitcoin, which will equate to a price drop in Bitcoin.  Makes perfect economic sense. It is very weird the more the good news comes out the lower the price goes???
@_date: 2014-07-23 16:00:24
This is just my thinking, honestly, I would LOVE it if the US gov't and the states would keep their hands off Bitcoin and just let us american's embrace it.  I just don't think they will allow for it.
@_date: 2014-07-23 15:51:21
I promise I'm not a shill. I'm a blockchain enthusiast.
@_date: 2014-07-23 15:57:25
Interesting point.
@_date: 2014-07-17 12:30:42
I'm a senior mortgage adviser and I've read all your comments and this doesn't make sense. There is no need to use proof of assets, or reserves, for purchasing or refinancing nowadays.  (Unless you are buying an investment property, which you mentioned you weren't) Even if that was the case where you were buying an investment property, your story certainly doesn't add up if they used only a transaction history.  How much did you need at closing? What were the underwriters verifing? Your down payment, or your cash to close, or your reserves? It sounds like they just used your transaction history to show "reserves" however, today, you don't need "reserves" to get approval for standard FHA, VA or Conventional loans. (Again, unless you are purchasing an investment property.)   
On a side note, if someone came to me and said they have money for a down payment on a house in darkcoins, dogecoin, bitcoin, litecoin, bitcoin, and a bunch of alt-currencies. I would 'easily' be able to argue and convince our DE underwriters to use these as verified funds.  It's just like having assets in Yen's. I've closed loans by using Yen and Euro bank statements. As long as the USD exchange rate is documented at the time the statement is printed you are fine.  OP message me with more questions. I live in Minneapolis, just north of ya.
I think what might of happened is your loan officer just "said" he used your coinbase transaction history for proof of assets but didn't actually need it.
P.s. I'm a HUGE Bitcoin/cryptocurrency enthusiast. As a matter of fact, I'm going on a very exciting vacation this weekend!!! I'll be at TNABC this weekend! :DDDDDD! I'm super excited!
@_date: 2014-07-23 15:56:53
After attending the conference, I agree. The rest of the world will use embrace the Bitcoin's blockchain. My guess is the US will not, I hope they do, I doubt it though. They will have their own blockchain.  Which will be similar to the Metric vs Imperial measurement. 
