@_author: mrmonday11235
@_date: 2018-01-31 16:57:02
Yes, and altcoins only gained popularity and market share because Bitcoin paved the way.
On any other post, you might be able to argue the difference, but considering this post is specifically about Bitcoin being the trailblazer...
@_date: 2017-12-30 16:21:35
Stop fucking quoting the same fucking website. Your source is woefully wrong. Whether or not that's deliberate remains to be seen.
The income tax is not and cannot be an excise tax. I have neither the time nor the patience to explain this to you, so I'll just link you to the first result on Google which I skimmed to ensure some minimum degree of correctness: [enjoy]( even though I suspect you probably won't read it so that you may persist in your ignorance and resistance.
@_date: 2017-12-11 09:04:29
Well... yeah. That's the point. Bitcoin is fundamentally incompatible with modern economies. We either need to fundamentally change Bitcoin... or fundamentally change the economy. I suspect neither will be happening any time soon, so Bitcoin will likely not replace any national currencies anytime soon.
@_date: 2017-12-30 06:59:39


Yup. It is an equally insane statement no matter where you go.
Calling income tax a roundabout excise tax is quite possibly the most gross misunderstanding of any law I've ever heard. It's founded upon naught but misinterpreting the law in a way that is maximally beneficial to oneself while ignoring any notion of common sense or basic comprehension. 
Also, I'm not entirely sure how much clearer the 16th Amendment can be:


Please explain to me how you could possibly misinterpret this into thinking that the income tax is only on "federally-connected monies". Also, please explain why, if what you're saying is correct, people seek extremely roundabout means of avoiding what you claim to be an unjust and illegal income tax that could be defeated if only a lawyer smart enough to challenge things came along.
@_date: 2017-12-30 15:51:30


Whether it happened in a vacuum or not is irrelevant. The 16th Amendment is a standalone amendment. The context in which it was passed doesn't change the language. And the language is the opposite of vague - it is explicit in stating that any source of income can be taxed.
 &gt; The income tax, which is an excise
Do you know what an excise tax is? Please explain to me how a tax on income is an excise tax. It's not a tax paid by an employer, it's paid by the employee. How does that in any way qualify as an excise? 


You're quite right. What it DOES do is allow Congress to pass laws that create new taxes... Like an income tax. 


Nonsense. The wording is clear. The word "federal" doesn't even come up, and income is not defined as "profits from federal activities". The 16th amendment clearly says that Congress can pass taxes on any source of income. The Amendment is explicitly and deliberately broad so as to allow a direct income tax.


Find me a single ruling by a federal judge after the 16th amendment was passed that reaffirms anything of what you've said. I'm almost 100% sure you'll find nothing. Those aren't "the facts", that's shit someone pulled out of their ass in an attempt to delude others and potentially themselves. 


Irrelevant. The 16th amendment allows for direct taxation on income. This is what it was designed to do. Quoting laws from before the amendment was passed does not change what the Amendment itself does, and you need to stop pretending otherwise.


Funny you should say that, since you're the one relentlessly quoting a single unvetted source. Are you sure you're not projecting your own parrot-like behaviour and lack of knowledge onto others?


Great. Let me know when they bring a case that overturns the income tax, yeah? I won't be holding my breath, though.
And instead of quoting random people from a website self-promoting a book who may or may not be lawyers (because I can put JD next to my name if I want, doesn't mean jack shit unless someone checks my claim), quote an actual ruling in a city, because nothing else really matters. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 04:34:48
I didn't realize that we were in a sports league and BTC was one of the teams. What's our mascot? 
Fact of the matter is, BTC in its current form is a spectacular currency failure. Nobody treats it as a unit of exchange, everybody treats it like a trading commodity instead. Fewer major places accept BTC as a method of payment now than they did in the recent past, and the ridiculous volatility in value at present means that there's little to no chance of anyone viewing BTC as anything but a commodity because the 0.05 BTC I have today might be worth half as much tomorrow as it is right now. Combine that with the fact that BTC is fundamentally structured as a deflationary currency that encourages holding, and you have a recipe for the current situation, where the only thing people are interested in is its nominal trading value. 
Ripple fundamentally compromises some of our desires in order to advance the technology, adoption, and PR, which is something that is beneficial for cryptocurrencies in the long run. I don't like it, but I can acknowledge that much.
@_date: 2017-08-06 00:59:28
I'm probably going to get downvoted for this, but this presents a horribly biased and one-sided view. The whole world could read it, and it's quite possible some people might be convinced, but quite a few people will just laugh at how naive or one-sided this is.
There are several advantages to so-called fiat currency that do not work when used with something like Bitcoin. People didn't abandon the Gold Standard because they foresaw the possibility of a large police/surveillance state run by governments and corporations and wanted to get there faster - they abandoned the Gold Standard because it became a measurable and constant problem for the economy, and nations as a whole. When your currency is backed by some $thing, then your economy can only ever grow as "large" as your supply of $thing. Your economy "grows" when your supply of $thing "grows", and your economy stagnates when you can't get more $thing. It doesn't matter if, for instance, your country becomes measurably better at producing of things because you've created advances like assembly line manufacturing - the value of your country's economy is not measured in production, it's measured in how much of $thing your country's government has laid claim to. Printing money is only possible if a) your country's supply of $thing grows, or b) your country essentially debases its currency, meaning that every dollar (or euro, or yuan, or rupee, or yen, or whatever) is worth less... and so the total amount of your economy remains the same. 
The Gold Standard is what caused shit like Mercantilism to be the leading economic theory of Europe for the longest time - if every currency is backed by an asset, then having as much of that asset is what gives power, and so you want the minimum amount of that asset leaving the country as possible and the maximum amount entering as possible. This leads to shit like colonization and ruthless expansionism - after all, if you're required to import a good like oil or wool or uranium because you can't get it yourself, then you're constantly losing some of whatever asset your currency is backed by/based on, and so there's a constant drain on power, so you should strive to find a source of that material or good that you can lay claim to, or otherwise take away someone else's. 
There are good reasons for fiat currency. This post is horribly one-sided, not really addressing or covering the benefits of fiat currency while lambasting the "problems".
@_date: 2017-11-27 17:36:38


No, you're absolutely right about the order/correlation. I just misinterpreted your first comment as saying that there was no housing bubble at all. My bad!


I'm referring to the specific bubble that occurred in late 2013/early 2014, where BTC price went from ~$200 to $1100 in 1 month, then dropped down to ~$400 or $500 dollars, where it remained for quite a while afterward.


I agree with your definition, but what qualifies as a "significant amount of time" for recovery? Because the price of bitcoin practically didn't change at all (i.e. fluctuated in the same range) for something like 2.5 or 3 years despite its growing acceptance as a currency and increased adoption in that time period. Moreover, the current drive of BTC in this recent spike seems to be very much predicated on the notion that someone will pay more for it in the future - you can see it in the replies to this very meme post (though admittedly this subreddit is a bit of a self-selecting community). 
I agree that the fundamentals of bitcoin are still being identified, but I don't think that the recent spike is justified by any set of fundamentals at all, and is largely driven by hype and a desire to "get in at the bottom" of the spike. I mean, as I was saying in another discussion, the price of BTC has risen 70% within the last month. No matter how you look at it, I think that's more than a little ludicrous.
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:22:27


So you're just making bullshit up in the hope that some kind of answer will stick to the wall. Thanks for clarifying and have a nice day. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 17:09:48


Well, you've got it a bit mixed up, I think. There *was* a housing bubble which collapsed. The reason that the housing bubble's collapse affected everything else was, as you said, corruption and fraud in mortgage underwriting, silly derivatives, and absurd leverage. Without those factors, there definitely would've been a reaction to the housing bubble bursting, but it likely wouldn't have caused a massive worldwide recession the likes of which hadn't been seen for nigh on a century. 


True enough, though I'd add the caveat that Bitcoin being "transparent and straightforward" is only true once you understand the basics of the system. Once that's known, yeah, it's a cakewalk. 


Well, it's hard to say with 100% certainty that we're currently in a bubble, but I don't think it'd be an exaggeration to say that anyone who takes a look at the numbers would be be more than 95% sure that this is a bubble, and a pretty large one, especially if they're familiar with the 2013 BTC bubble.


Yup, that was just an example, and has no relation to this at all. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:00:36
1. Then didn't you just buy the house at its value...?
2. OK, good. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:56:49
I assume you mean 30% of its actual value, not 30% from what you bought it at...?
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:31:32


There's plenty of good reason for Bitcoin's growth. There's absolutely no good reason for Bitcoin to jump 70% in the last month. That is what one calls a "bubble". 


Steady growth does not a bubble constitute. Steady growth is what Bitcoin had from early 2014 until relatively recently. Unexplainable, random, drastic increases in nominal value, on the other hand, is usually a sign of a bubble. 


In the specific case of the housing bubble, a corresponding spike of population in the demographic looking to buy homes/property, or the passage of legislation that made owning land more lucrative, or  something to that effect.


And what makes you think the same won't happen with Bitcoin? Especially when, as it becomes more mainstream, investors and the like are buying in and potentially (oh who am I kidding; almost definitely) looking to manipulate it using the same techniques that they might try to use on the actual stock or forex markets but for the fact that those are far more regulated and much larger? Deliberately creating a bubble and being the first out when it pops is highly profitable, after all, and much easier to do and harder to detect with bitcoin due to its nature. 


I'm not entirely sure what you're saying here... it seems to me that you're saying whether or not the 2007 recession was precipitated by a housing bubble depends on whether or not you bought in? Is that what you're saying? Because that incident was a bubble regardless of when you bought in or whether you did or not. The only question is when, if ever, you were engulfed by the bubble. Sure, if you bought in before the prices started to climb without rhyme or reason, then you weren't really engulfed by the bubble, the bubble just formed around you. That doesn't meant the bubble doesn't exist, though.


I'm not using the term "bubble" in an everyday sense. Bubble has an actual definition in economics, which is what I'm using.
And there were plenty of economists who were warning about the housing bubble years before it burst. I'm sure they aren't particularly happy about the manner in which they were proven correct, but they called it. Sure, it's not always so clear cut in the moment whether an asset is in a bubble or not, but the housing crisis is a bad example to pick for that because there were those that called it. And Bitcoin is an even worse example - it's been in a similar bubble before, and the current spike in price has a lot of similarities with that time.
Incidentally, by your definition of a "bubble", the 2013 BTC bubble was "not a bubble", since we eventually reached new ATHs, when that bubble is about the most clear-cut example of one that I can think of... outside of this current one, that is. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:01:51
It landed us in the second worst economic disaster in the last century. Luckily we did pull out of it, and it was quite a few steps shy of being the worst, but still. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 12:48:34
TBF he might be coming here from Not everyone gets to these posts from the subreddit page.
@_date: 2017-11-27 14:29:26
A bubble is a phenomenon wherein the price of an asset grows significantly without any real apparent reason for the growth. Just because an asset will be "way higher" in price 5 years out doesn't mean something isn't a bubble, just that the bubble will last for 5+ years.
Bubbles are not, contrary to popular belief, only short term incidents that happen and die off quickly. Sure, the "popping" usually happens pretty quickly, but the inflation of the bubble can happen over a long time. The economic recession of 2007 was brought on by a years-long housing bubble because real estate prices were increasing without any real reason. Houses were indeed "way higher" in price 5 years later. Then they very quickly stopped being "way higher". 
With all that being said...


I don't know what logic you're using, but you're either from some different universe where logic follows different rules, or you don't know the meaning of the bubble. Can't really help you in the case of the former, but in the case of the latter, I typed out that explanation...


It might be "technically correct", but only because the word "bubble" has a technical meaning in an economic context. It's a technical term. 


It says quite a bit if it is, in fact, a bubble, because bubbles burst. It also says a lot about the reasons for the current price increases. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 04:07:27
You're taking a 1460-day average to smooth out the curve in order to make it look like steady growth? Really? Your graph's final/current price is 1/9th of the current price that this entire thread is prompted by. Anything looks like "steady growth" or "steady decline" if you take a fucking 4 year average to plot daily prices. That's just dishonest data manipulation in order to try to argue a point.
@_date: 2017-11-27 14:37:07
I mean.... sure...?
I have so many questions....
1. What are you defining as it's (the house's) "value"?
2. Are you saying the entire recession is justified by your buying a house "at 60% value" (again, whatever the fuck that means)?
I have other questions, but I suspect some of them will be answered based on your response to those two, so I'll stop there for now.
@_date: 2017-11-28 04:16:00
But that's not the point. Recessions like that shake confidence in the industry/market that caused the recession. And while for markets as stable and long-living as the US housing or stock markets, the trust will come back as soon as the price does, for something like Bitcoin, which many people are already skeptical of, a large bubble bursting could be disastrous to its reputation and adoption. 
And also...


We might not be able to avoid them, but there's no need to feed the hype and make the booms (and consequently the subsequent busts) even larger. What you're saying is the equivalent of "it's impossible to completely prevent crime, that's the height of hubris, so let's just dismantle the police entirely!"
@_date: 2017-11-27 12:47:03
That doesn't mean it's not a bubble, only that the bubble might get very very large. 
Your argument is the same thing real estate agents told people in order to get people buying property 15 years or so ago, and look where that landed us.
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:34:11
Ah, OK, I see what you're saying. Well, good for you then! Did you manage to flip it, or do you still currently own it?
@_date: 2018-02-18 10:13:16


You either don't know the meaning of those words or have so little capacity for thought that you fail to see the problem with those words in that order. If you do not enjoy the spiciness of peppers, then you have a fundamental problem with peppers. That being said, there is nothing wrong with having a fundamental problem with peppers, and your position regarding peppers and other peoples' freedom in consuming them is laudable. One can have a fundamental problem with peppers without believing that peppers ought to be eliminated. 


If you lived in a society wherein one of the conditions of being a part of that society was that you had to eat a pepper every day, and you chose not to do it because you have a fundamental problem with peppers, then I would ask the question of why are you still a part of a society that you fundamentally disagree with? You can leave that society. Why don't you do that? Why do you insist on staying in the society whilst simultaneously not doing the thing that the society expects/mandates of you to stay in the society?


Your understanding of economics is hilariously misinformed on so many levels if you think that the "threat of violence if you refuse" is what "gives the fiat currency value". 
Currency has no inherent value, as I've already said. Currency is the means *by* which goods are exchanged, not the value *for* which goods are exchanged. It's no different than BTC - your collection (or mine, for that matter) of ones and zeroes has no actual worth, it merely denotes an entry in a public ledger, and when I buy something from you, you give me the good, I subtract some amount from my entry in the ledger, and you increase your entry by the equivalent amount. You haven't actually "gained" anything by the means of this transaction... unless, of course, somebody actually considers the entries in that ledger as important. 
The whole notion of a fiat currency exists because people have accepted the fact that I opened up with - that currency is the means *by* which goods are exchanged, not the value *for* which goods are exchanged. Therefore, the slips of paper themselves don't need to be backed by anything. They're just the equivalent of those ledger entries in physical form. You work for a company for a while, and the two of you have agreed that your work has value for that company. That value has been (arbitrarily) quantified as some number of these slips of paper that they give you. When you buy food, you and the merchant you buy from agree that whatever you're buying has some value, and that the amount of value can be quantified by some different number of paper slips that you hand over. 
If the US government announced tomorrow that you could pay your taxes in Bitcoin, do you honestly believe that the value of the dollar would change? Not one bit (pun not intended). Your 5 dollar footlong at Subway would still be 5 dollars, your salary/wage would be the same as it had been before, and the majority of the world would go on as though absolutely nothing had happened. 


No one is forcing you to use the US dollar. I already said as much.


You're fucking delusional. You receive services from this government, whether you know it or not. You don't live your life in terror of brigands sweeping by and stealing your shit and killing you. Your tap water and toilet water is (regulated to be) so clean that the bottled water you may or may not buy is just your tap (or toilet) water put in a plastic bottle and marked up at a hilarious rate. The medicine and/or vitamins that you may or may not consume is regulated and tested to make sure you don't fucking die of bad medicine or suffer from being sold fake goods. The damn roads you drive on or sidewalk you stroll on is put down by the government and kept (somewhat) clean on a day to day basis. Your government provides you innumerable services you likely don't notice or even care about... until you go to countries where those services aren't provided (or where there is no actually functioning government, like South Sudan or arguably, until recently, Somalia) and you quite possibly die because you continued to hold those same assumptions. When you figure out a way to do all those things by yourself or dispense with the need for those things entirely, feel free to raise your own landmass from the ocean floor, construct your self-sufficient settlement, and renounce your US citizenship to live on your self-sufficient island paradise. As long as you're still taking advantage of these services, for though, you damn well better pay for them so long as you're making the money to afford to do so. And the service provider requires that you pay them in US dollars. 
I specifically want to address this part by itself: 


You are free to do whatever the hell you want. But so long as you are within the borders of the United States, you must obey the rules and laws that the US government has laid down. At least... you must obey them if you don't want to be "locked in a cage". If you're fine with being locked up in a cage, though, feel free to do whatever you want (please note that I am not actually advising you to break the law). 


Let's correct a few misconceptions:
1. This is a cryptocurrency subreddit. Specifically, this is about Bitcoin (as would be evidenced by the name of I'm here because I'm interested in Bitcoin, cryptocurrencies, and blockchain technologies. And that's kinda why anyone is here. Not everyone here believes in the at best naive, at worst idiotic things you have said.
2. One can both be interested and invested in Bitcoin (or any cryptocurrency) while also acknowledging the importance of a government or society's existence. The two are nowhere close to being mutually exclusive. 
3. The delusional nonsense you've been spouting in this comment and others has nothing to do with Bitcoin. The ideology you're espousing isn't even libertarianism, it's closest to anarchism. Feel free to go to which is where you'll likely find the echo chamber you desire, since you seem to be averse to debate and hearing opinions different from your own. It could also potentially be classified, I suppose, as anarcho-capitalism, so you can also go to and/or for other echo chambers. 
4. If you think that Bitcoin and/or cryptocurrencies are somehow immune to currency manipulation, you're delusional AND dumb. It might not be the same kinds of manipulation, but you'd better bet that it has been and will be manipulated just as any other currency.
5. Being a fan of the idea of cryptocurrencies does not mean that basic laws of economics cease to apply. So long as we (humans) have a need for currencies, economics will continue to apply. It is only if/when we reach a post-scarcity world that economics as a discipline might cease to be relevant... and even then, I'm not sure. 
6. You are so hilariously misinformed (or uninformed) about the absolute basics of economics that you should really stop talking about fiat currencies, currency manipulation, fractional reserve banking, or really anything involving economics, because anyone with even an iota of knowledge will either laugh at you or insult you. Quite possibly both. 
@_date: 2018-02-18 05:05:53


... I'm sorry, what? You don't have to work within a fractional reserve system. Just swear off living with society and go build a farm where you can be entirely self sufficient. 
Fractional reserve banking is the only reason that we have a society that is as complicated and as robust as we have right now. It's what has allowed the amazing growth and advancement that society has experienced and continues to experience. 
Fractional reserve banking is a tool, much like electricity. You don't have to use either if you don't want to, but they're so powerful and useful to the functioning, growth, and advancement of society as a whole that if you're going to swear it off, you're basically going to have to go live like the Amish. 
@_date: 2018-02-18 06:16:18


Do you understand what fractional reserve banking is...? Because there is no "perpetual theft of value" by any central authority. You've been using "central authority" basically as a stand-in for the Fed and the government, so that's what I'm assuming you mean, and they don't steal any value from your currency. Fractional reserve banking has to do with... y'know... banks. And I still don't see how they're "stealing value" - you can get all your money out whenever you want. Unless you're referring to inflation? If so, then you fundamentally lack an understanding of what money and inflation are in modern economics.
Your words also contradict themselves. You claim to have no fundamental problem with fractional reserve banking or inflation and then go on to detail your issues with both that are fundamental to what they are. That's like saying "I have no fundamental problem with peppers, I just don't like them because they're too spicy. If they weren't spicy I'd love them." 
And, incidentally, plenty of sensible people voluntarily choose to use currencies backed by governments. Honestly, you're the one who's coming across as "not sensible".


... Jesus... where to begin.
First of all, I'd like to reiterate that the ability of the government to "fuck with" your currency is a completely separate concept/issue from fractional reserve banking. So let's get that straight.
Second, your dollars have no inherent value. There is no magic "true value" of a dollar bill (and honestly, the same is true with Bitcoin, but that's a different issue that I'm not going to get into here) that the government is hiding or screwing with. All currencies are just tools to facilitate exchange between parties. You can just as easily use seashells or something else to conduct your business so long as other people are willing to accept what you use. 
This ties into my third point, which is that nobody requires you to use the US dollar. You will not be persecuted for not using the US dollar. Use whatever fucking currency you want. That being said, if you wish to be a US citizen or resident and avail yourself of the benefits of being a US citizen or resident (work privileges, military protection, diplomatic services, travel privileges, etc), then yeah, you have to pay your fucking taxes in US dollars. That being said, nobody is forcing you to live in the US or be a US citizen. If you prefer to use some other government's currency because you believe their system or government to be more trustworthy, feel free to try to acquire citizenship with them and renounce your US citizenship. Or, if you trust no governments, feel free to renounce your US citizenship without having any backup ([though I will warn you that this is an awful idea]( 
Currencies and governments are tools of society to make everyday life easier. You're not required to use either, but if you don't, be prepared for society to tell you to fuck off. And don't expect to reap the benefits of being a part of society without doing the things that being part of society requires you to do.
@_date: 2018-02-20 01:26:20


I'm literally only here because I'm interested in Bitcoin as a technology and idea. While I currently hold Bitcoin, I'm unable to fucking use it because Bitcoin in its current form is unusable as a currency. Nobody accepts and it has no store of value. Bitcoin is a poorly thought out currency that has no understanding of (or at least was not designed using) fundamental economic principles as pertaining to currency. Bitcoin is a commodity now, not a currency, and there's no chance of that changing in the near future. And sure, some people might accept payment in Bitcoin, same as how some people will accept payment in gold, but neither are currencies as a result.
So thanks for insulting me and impugning my motives because you believe yourself to be some kind of hipster purist, asshole. 


The bullshit you're spouting is not "Free market capitalism". Free market capitalism fundamentally requires having a currency that all parties are using for common exchange. One can not have a free market without a government protecting, supporting, and facilitating the market. 


Fair enough, I suppose, though I find it odd that you're OK with individual people or corporations manipulating *an entire currency* purely in order to enrich themselves, but a government that is (supposedly) sworn to protect and govern a society manipulating a currency is somehow problematic. 


You conflated the notion of having a federal reserve with the concept of fractional reserve banking, you thought that fiat currencies are "backed by force", and you think the reason that I'm attacking you is because I disagree with your opinions? I don't care about your opinions, I care about the fact that you either don't know or don't care about basic economics. This subreddit has enough delusional people who are fundamentally misinformed, and I'm just trying to correct one instance of that. This entire thread started because you thought fractional reserve banking and a central government having a single currency were somehow the same thing. 
And might I point out that I was not actually "attacking you" - I was pointing out that the things you state have no basis in reality. There's a difference. As an example, taxation exists because you choose to live in the USA and enjoy the services that the US government provides you. You have to pay for those services, and you pay for it through taxation. Therefore, the taxation is justified - it is (post de facto) payment for services rendered. You're free to not receive those services, though - just leave the USA and resign citizenship of the US, and you will neither receive the services nor be required to pay for them. But for some reason, you have a problem with doing that, too. As I have stated, you don't get to be the beneficiary of services and also claim that requiring payment for those services "is unjust". This is what I mean by "the things you state have no basis in reality". 
Also this sentence:


is hilarious. You're accusing the entire government of treason? Treason towards what, exactly? You yourself don't seem to want to pay taxes or otherwise support the society you live in, so what exactly is the treason going on here? You've repeatedly used the word treasonous is contexts that have made me raise my eyebrows, but I've ignored it until now. Seriously, what do you think the meaning of the word "treason" even is? 
And yes, I happen to believe that the world is a better place with governments as opposed to without them. I've seen what happens in places without functioning governments, and I very much prefer the places that have government. Are all governments perfect? Nope. Is the one I currently live in perfect? Not even close. But I very much prefer the government I currently live in to a state of anarchy (and I'm using the word anarchy purely in its definition of "a state of having no government), mostly because I have borne witness to what people do in states of anarchy. 
@_date: 2018-04-13 08:52:53
How exactly is breaking the state into 3 new states going to change either of those things? What correlation is there at all?