@_author: mrquiincy
@_date: 2014-03-10 12:43:44
The issue seems to be in trust, who do you trust behind bitcoin?  I have had numerous attempts at getting involved with bitcoin, i tried mining 2 years ago with 50btc for fun, it got hacked and I lost it all (not much). 
No pricing mechanism, with every currency you can price a good and service produced in that country. It is called the currency of the internet, but the question is what does the internet produce?, it is hard to measure and calculate.  This leads to huge reliance on a primary currency, currently USD. 
Next issue is one which often has me confused, it is often mentioned as a currency with no/low transaction fees and instant transactions, yet it is far from that. 
The argument it is in its infancy is no good, it needs to lead not lag behind current methods of payment for it to be considered seriously, banks and payment institutions are working on upcoming technologies while bitcoin is trying to catch up to current technologies. For example why pay with bitcoin (taking 30 seconds to scan and enter amount) when I can wave my credit card over the payment terminal which is instant. 
Another concern of mine, at the end of the day it is possible something greater can come along, and when it does it could replace it.
I often see the argument about frictional reserve banking, fiat currencies being produced indefinitely, and banks creating money. This saddens me, not all, but the majority has no understanding about current banking/monetary system.  
The list can continue and I might at a later point in time.
@_date: 2014-03-01 11:01:33
It showed up, i just dont know why the address changed tho. And i am glad it was a small transaction.
@_date: 2014-03-11 10:54:06
Not all deflation is bad. Only unexplained deflation. I will explain how changes in the price level affect income in the IS‑LM model. For any given supply of money M, a lower price level implies higher real money balances M/P. An increase in real money balances causes an expansionary shift in the LM curve, which leads to higher income. We can look at Pigou effect. Keeping purchasing power in the equation, As prices fall and real money balances rise, consumers "should" feel wealthier and spend more. 
This increase in consumer spending should cause an expansionary shift in the IS curve. It is what should happen, decline in the price level would automatically push the economy back toward full employment.
We have some theories to explain how falling prices could depress income rather than raise it. 1. debt‑deflation theory, describes the effects of unexpected falls in the price level. 2 explains the effects of expected deflation.
Let’s look at debt‑deflation theory If a I owe you money, say X amount , then the real amount of this debt is X/Price level. A fall in the price level raises the real amount the amount of purchasing power I must repay.
Unexpected deflation improves creditors wealth and depletes debtors. Debtors spend less and creditors spend more. Debtors reduce their spending by more than creditors raise theirs. The net effect is a reduction in spending, a contractionary shift in the IS curve, and lower national income.
It depends
@_date: 2014-01-30 10:56:54
Hello from Australia. At the moment there has been no intervention by banks, or government intervention. There are a few local exchanges like coinjar, it has really cheap fees (2%). Few local business have adopted bitcoin ( i mean few its still unknown or not cared about), yet you are still able to purchase groceries ( you need an address tho). I have made bank transfers regarding bitcoin and had no problems.
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:50:50
Thats the thing, i scanned it with phone and i checked it, (it wasnt an incorrect deposit address). When I view my deposit address it is now different.
@_date: 2014-03-16 01:03:20
I am an Australian and willing to take the flip side. So its possible this could occur.
@_date: 2014-01-21 08:21:07
Not to be rude but deflation is not all bad. Only unexplained deflation.  I will explain how changes in the price level affect income in the IS‑LM model. For any given supply of money M, a lower price level implies higher real money balances M/P. An increase in real money balances causes an expansionary shift in the LM curve, which leads to higher income. We can look at Pigou effect. Keeping purchasing power in the equation, As prices fall and real money balances rise, consumers "should" feel wealthier and spend more. This increase in consumer spending should cause an expansionary shift in the IS curve. It is what should happen, decline in the price level would automatically push the economy back toward full employment.
We have some theories to explain how falling prices could depress income rather than raise it. 1. debt‑deflation theory, describes the effects of unexpected falls in the price level. 2 explains the effects of expected deflation. 
Let’s look at debt‑deflation theory If a I owe you money, say X amount , then the real amount of this debt is X/Price level. A fall in the price level raises the real amount the amount of purchasing power I must repay. Unexpected deflation improves creditors wealth and depletes debtors. Debtors spend less and creditors spend more. Debtors reduce their spending by more than creditors raise theirs. The net effect is a reduction in spending, a contractionary shift in the IS curve, and lower national income. 
I am sure you were talking about unexpected inflation. I just wanted to clarify for readers that not all deflation is bad.
@_date: 2014-01-28 03:02:53
This is with lots of pools and exchanges. Quite an annoyance as my erupter payout will never be achieved.
@_date: 2013-12-31 02:03:39
I am not going to trust them again. I did, but seeing as i am still missing some coin, no.
@_date: 2013-12-29 12:36:56
I just want to point something out, you need to look at the point and put yourself in the year 1998. This statement was made before the internet dotcom bubble burst, when the internet was going through an overhyped period.
Krugman did underestimate how much people have to say to each other, and the future of the information economy.  Nonetheless, keep in mind his other comment
“the rate of technological change in computing slows, the number of jobs for IT specialists will decelerate, then actually turn down; ten years from now, the phrase information economy will sound silly.”
The information technology sector has not contributed net growth over the last decade. Quoting Source  
“In 2000 the information sector employed 3.6 million workers.* By  2007, just before the recession started, the number was down to 3 million, and in 2009, the information sector had shrunk to 2.8 million.”
While his comments about bitcoin are irrational , no one has a crystal ball, and no one can say willingly they know what will happen.
TL;DR 1998 Krugman made quote before dotcom bubble burst.
@_date: 2013-12-28 13:31:12
I have a question, is shipping included in the price of the product?